DiaSorin Molecular LLC Sharon Young Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630

Re: K190219 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa VZV Direct, Simplexa VZV Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3970 Regulation Name: Device to detect and identify microbial pathogen nucleic acids in cerebrospinal fluid Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PLO Dated: January 30, 2019 Received: February 4, 2019

Dear Sharon Young:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809; medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely yours,

for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190219

Device Name Simplexa VZV Direct, Simplexa VZV Positive Control Pack

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# K190219

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

# Applicant

DiaSorin Molecular LLC. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

2023365

Sharon Young   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
tel 562.240.6680   
fax 562.240.6529   
Sharon.Young@DiaSorin.com

May 3, 2019 Simplexa™ VZV Direct and Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack

Summary Date   
Proprietary Name   
US Product Codes/Names and   
Regulation Numbers

PLO / Device to detect and identify microbial pathogen nucleic acids in cerebrospinal fluid / 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 3 9 7 0$

OOI / Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System / 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.2570

# Classification

Class II

# Predicate Devices

BioFire® FilmArray® Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel K160462

Intended Use

Simplexa™ VZV Direct REF MOL3650

The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay is intended for use on the LIAISON® MDX instrument for the qualitative detection of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) DNA in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from patients with signs and/or symptoms of meningitis and/or encephalitis. This test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of VZV infections of the central nervous system (CNS).

Negative results do not preclude VZV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

The assay is not intended for use as a donor screening test. The assay is for professional use only.

Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack REF MOL3660

The Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ VZV Direct kit.

This control is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay is a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) system that enables the direct amplification and detection of VZV DNA from unprocessed cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) specimens without nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay, the LIAISON® MDX (with LIAISON® MDX Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories. In the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay, fluorescent probes are used together with corresponding forward and reverse primers to amplify VZV and internal control targets. A well-conserved region of the VZV DNA polymerase gene is targeted to identify VZV DNA in the specimen. An internal control is used to detect PCR failure and/or inhibition.

# K190219

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 2 of 25

# Simplexa™ VZV Direct REF MOL3650

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ECSYMBOLONLABEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbreviatedName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactionsperVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ VZVDirect Reaction Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL3651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ VZV Direct Components and Descriptions

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Simplexa™ VZV DirectReaction Mix (RM)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, buffer, dNTPs, template DNA (Internal Control), dye-labeled fluorescent probes and primers specific for detection of VZV andfor the DNA Internal Control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore(Dye)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation(nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission (nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetedGene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZVDNAnolumera</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InternalControlDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA (IC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ VZV DirectKit Barcode Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Assay specific parameters and lot information.</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack REF MOL3660 Component and Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactionsperVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ VZV DirectPositive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL3661</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivatedvaricella zostervirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Materials Supplied Separately

Direct Amplification Disc Kit (REF MOL1455) Direct Amplification Discs for use on the LIAISON® MDX

Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:BioFire® FilmArray®Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) PanelK160462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Simplexa™M VZV Direct and Simplexa™MVZV Positive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3970 - Device to detectand identify microbial pathogen nucleicacids in cerebrospinal fluid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>varicella zoster virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA from varicella zoster virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The FilmArray Meningitis/Encephalitis(ME) Panel is a qualitative multiplexednucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostictest intended for use with FilmArrayand FilmArray 2.0 systems. TheFilmArray ME Panel is capable ofsimultaneous      detection      andidentification of multiple bacterial, viral,and yeast nucleic acids directly fromcerebrospinal fluid (CSF) specimensobtained via lumbar puncture fromindividuals with signs and/or symptomsof meningitis and/or encephalitis. Thefollowing organisms are identified usingthe FilmArray ME Panel: Bacteria:Escherichia coli K1 Haemophilusinfluenzae Listeria monocytogenesNeisseria meningitidis (encapsulated)Streptococcus                agalactiaeStreptococcus pneumoniae Viruses:Cytomegalovirus Enterovirus Herpessimplex virus 1 Herpes simplex virus 2Human   herpesvirus   6   Humanparechovirus Varicella zoster virusYeast: Cryptococcus neoformans/gattiiThe FilmArray ME Panel is indicated asan aid in the diagnosis of specificagents   of   meningitis   and/orencephalitis and results are meant tobe used in conjunction with otherclinical, epidemiological, and laboratorydata. Results from the FilmArray MEPanel are not intended to be used asthe sole basis for diagnosis, treatment,or   other   patient   management</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™M VZV Direct REF MOL3650The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™VZVDirect assay is intended for use on theLIAISON® MDX instrument for thequalitative detection of varicella-zostervirus (VZV) DNA in cerebrospinal fluid(CSF) from patients with signs and/orsymptoms    of meningitissand/orencephalitis. This test is intended as anaid in the diagnosis of VZV infections ofthe central nervous system (CNS).Negative results do not preclude VZVinfection and should not be used as thesole basis for treatment or other patientmanagement decisions.The assay is not intended for use as adonor screening test. The assay is forprofessional use only.Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control PackREF MOL3660The Simplexa™ VZV Positive ControlPack is intended to be used as a controlwith the Simplexa ™M VZV Direct kit.This control is not intended for use withother assays or systems.</td></tr></table>

# K190219

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:BioFire® FilmArray®Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) PanelK160462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Simplexa™ VZV Direct and Simplexa ™MVZV Positive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>decisions. Positive results do not ruleout co-infection with organisms notincluded in the FilmArray ME Panel.The agent detected may not be thedefinite cause of the disease. Negativeresults do not preclude central nervoussystem(CNS) infection. Not all agentsof CNS infection are detected by thistest and sensitivity in clinical use maydifferfrom that described in thepackageinsert. TheFilmArrayMEPanel is not intended for testing ofspecimenscollectedfromindwellingCNS medical devices. The FilmArrayME Panel is intended to be used inconjunction with standardof careculture   for   organism   recovery,serotyping,     and     antimicrobialsusceptibility testing.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutomatedSystem (Sampleto Answer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray or FilmArray 2.0 system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® MDX</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL AGREEMENT

A total of six hundred thirty-seven (637) clinical samples, meeting inclusion criteria were obtained from prospective and prospectively banked collections from eight (8) collection sites from February 2018 to November 2018. The study was conducted using remnant cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) samples from human patients suspected of VZV infection of the central nervous system (CNS).

Due to the low prevalence of VZV infection in CSF samples, two hundred forty (240) contrived samples were included to supplement the number of positive samples tested. These samples were contrived across the clinical range of the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay and thirty percent $( 3 0 \% )$ of the samples were contrived at approximately 2X LoD. The samples were stored at $2 - 8 \ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for up to seven (7) days post collection and at $\mathrm { \texttt { - } } 7 0 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ thereafter. All Simplexa™ VZV Direct testing was performed at the testing sites.

Simplexa™ VZV Direct results were compared to results from a composite reference method. The composite reference method consisted of two (2) validated real-time PCR assays followed by confirmation of positive PCR amplification products with bi-directional sequencing. Samples were characterized as positive if one (1) or both PCR assays were positive and confirmed by bi-directional sequencing. Samples were characterized as negative if both PCR assays were negative. Samples were tested on Simplexa™ VZV Direct at the collection sites and the composite reference method was performed at DiaSorin Molecular, Cypress, CA.

Table 1 shows the Clinical Agreement of the Simplexa™ VZV Direct as compared to the composite reference method of two (2) validated real-time PCR assays followed by confirmation of positive PCR amplification products with bi-directional sequencing.

Table 1. Prospective Clinical Agreement Results for Simplexa™ VZV Direct vs Composite Reference Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ VZV DirectResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite PCR/Sequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>623</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>637</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA100.0% (12/12)95% CI: 75.7% to100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA99.7% (623/625)95% CI: 98.8% to99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

a One (1) of two (2) discordant results were positive with an alternate NAAT used by collection site during routine testing.

Due to the low prevalence of VZV infection in CSF samples, contrived positive samples were tested to supplement the number of positive samples tested. For each of the two strains, VZV Ellen and VZV 9939 60 samples were contrived across the clinical range of the Simplexa VZV Direct assay with $60 \%$ of the samples contrived as low positive samples close to the LoD of the test. Samples were tested at four clinical sites in a blinded manner, randomized with VZV negative samples. The samples were stored at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for up to 7 days post collection and at $\mathrm { \texttt { - } } 7 0 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ thereafter. Simplexa VZV Direct test results for contrived samples were compared to the same Composite Reference Method described for the prospective clinical study above. The contrived sample study demonstrated a positive percent agreement of $100 \%$ (120/120) with a $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval of $9 6 . 9 \substack { - 1 0 0 . 0 \% }$ .

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Reproducibility for the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay was evaluated. Three (3) investigative sites assessed the device's inter-site, inter-day and inter/intra-assay reproducibility. Each of the laboratories tested Simplexa™ VZV Direct Positive Control, No Template Control (Synthetic CSF), and four (4) contrived samples in negative matrix. Two (2) strains of VZV were used in the study, 9939 and Ellen. The four (4) contrived samples consisted of a low positive (LP) and medium positive (MP) for each VZV strain. The assays were performed in triplicate on five (5) different days. Each site had two (2) operators who each assayed the entire sample panel and Positive Control once per day, for a total of two (2) sets of data per day on a total of six (6) LIAISON® MDX instruments. The combined results for all sites are presented in Tables 2 and 3. The results show the reproducibility of the Simplexa™ VZV Direct $\%$ CV to range between 0.5-4.6.

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 6 of 25

Table 2. Simplexa™ VZV Direct Reproducibility – VZV (FAM)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SamplevZV Strain(FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total %AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementwithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg.Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939 -LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939 MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen -LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen -MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0% (180/180)95% CI: 97.9% to 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (540/540)95% CI: 99.3% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was determined for the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay using quantified stocks of two (2) VZV strains (Ellen and 9939) serially diluted into negative human CSF matrix. The LoD was determined to be the lowest concentration that could be detected positive $\ge 9 5 \%$ of the time.

Table 3. Simplexa™ VZV Direct Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>VZV strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,614</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,505</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY/CROSS REACTIVITY

# Analytical Reactivity

The analytical reactivity of the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay was evaluated using different strains of VZV that were not used in the determination of the limit of detection (LoD) for the assay. Quantified viral material was spiked into negative CSF using a single dilution and assayed in triplicate. The Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay was able to detect other strains of VZV at 2X LoD. The results are presented in Table 4. In addition, in silico BLAST analysis indicated that the assay should detect at least one hundred seventy-eight (178) additional VZV strains.

Table 4. Simplexa™ VZV Direct Analytical Reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain 82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain 275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain 1700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Isolate A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Isolate B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

# Cross-Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)

The Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay’s analytical specificity was evaluated by testing the ability of the assay to exclusively identify VZV virus with no cross-reactivity to organisms that are closely related, or cause similar clinical symptoms or may be present in CSF. One hundred and fifty-nine (159) microorganisms were spiked into negative CSF and assayed in triplicate. Some organisms with low concentrations $( < 1 \times$ $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL for bacteria, fungi, cells or parasites; $< 1 \mathrm { ~ \times ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { ~ } | \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L }$ or $P F U / { \mathsf { m L } }$ or $\mathsf { T C } \mathsf { I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ for viruses) were additionally tested in silico. For organisms not available to be tested, in silico analysis was performed. No cross-reactivity was observed. The results are presented in Table 5.

Table 5. Simplexa™ VZV Direct Cross-Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus A12**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus B35**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus B7A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus C1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus C2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus D20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus E4**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus F41**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus subtilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BK virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection( Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus NL63*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium striatum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacteriumurealyticum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A10**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A17**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A21*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A24**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A6**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B5*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cronobacter sakazakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus albidus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus amylolentus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gatti**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus laurentii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus uniguttulatus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (AD169Stain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dengue virus (Type 1)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dengue virus (Type 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 18**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalomyocarditis virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 68**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barrvirus (B95-8Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (0157:H7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli K1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia fergusonii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia hermanii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia vulneris**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filobasidium capsuligenum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus haemolyticus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 10 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 11 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 12 of 25

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenza TypeB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae TypeA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilusparahaemolyticus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus parainfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis C virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis D virus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-6A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-6B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-7 SB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHV-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV-1 IIIB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV-2 NIHZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV_1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-2**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-4**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-5**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-6**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1 (Maclntyre)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2 (G)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus A16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus B3**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus B83**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Florida/02/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JC virus (MAD-4 strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>La Crosse encephalitis virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria innocua**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria ivanovii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosisgenomic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naegleria fowleri*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 105 cells/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria lactamica**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis(serogroup A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis(unencapsulated)**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria sicca**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoea agglomerans**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parvovirus B19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Poliovirus (Type 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis Z050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabies virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus 1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus (Type Wa)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simian Virus type 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>St. Louis encephalitis virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA), COL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus capitis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidisMRSE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcushaemolytics*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus hominis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcuslugdunensis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus anginosus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement with ExpectedResults: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus oralis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspseudopneumoniae**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenesZ018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sanguinis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 tachyzoites/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treponema pallidum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tropheryma whipplei**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>West Nile virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cells (HumanGenomic DNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/3)</td></tr></table>

\* Additional testing was performed in silico due to low concentration of stock and also found not to be cross reactive with VZV. \*\* Tested in silico due to unavailability of the organism.

# INTERFERENCE

The performance of the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay was evaluated with potentially interfering substances that may be present in CSF samples at the concentrations indicated in the table below. A total of sixteen (16) potentially interfering substances were tested in a low positive VZV sample at approximately 2 times LoD (based on $\geq 9 5 \%$ detection rate) in CSF matrix and assayed in triplicate. No interference was observed at the interferent concentrations indicated. The results are presented in Table 6.

Table 6. Simplexa™ VZV Direct Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acyclovir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0125 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0125 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Casein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# K190219

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results(#Detected/#Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Foscarnet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gamma globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human Genomic DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Topical Antiseptic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Trans-Isolate Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>UTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>White blood cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x107 WBC/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x107 WBC/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Whole Blood in EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

The Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay was evaluated by testing the ability to identify VZV virus when other potentially inhibitory organisms are present. The panel of one hundred and sixty (160) potentially inhibitory organisms was individually spiked into a pool with a low concentration at approximately 2 times LoD (based on $\geq 9 5 \%$ detection rate) in CSF. No inhibition by other organisms was observed for VZV at the concentrations indicated in Table 7.

Table 7. Simplexa™ VZV Direct Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus A12**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus B35**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus B7A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus C1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus C2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9% (8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Adenovirus D20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus E4**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus F41**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bacillus subtilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BK virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida parapsilosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 16 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 17 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 18 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 19 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 20 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 21 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 22 of 25   
510(k) Summary   
Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650   
Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660   
May 3, 2019   
Page 23 of 25

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida tropicalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacteriumstratum*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacteriumurealyticum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A10**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A17**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A24**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A6**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus A9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus B5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cronobacter sakazakii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus albidus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crypoc locs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gatti**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus laurenti**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cryptococcusneoformans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptoc ous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD169 Strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dengue virus (Type 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 Ul/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Dengue virus (Type 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Echovirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Echovirus 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus 18**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>No.</td><td>VZV Strain</td><td>Organism</td><td>Tested Concentration</td><td>Agreement with Expected Results: (# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">49</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Echovirus 4</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">50</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Echovirus 6</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">51</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Echovirus 7</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">52</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Echovirus 9</td><td>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">53</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Encephalomyocarditis virus</td><td>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">54</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">55</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">56 57</td><td>NA</td><td rowspan="2">Enterovirus 68** Enterovirus 70</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>Ellen</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939 Ellen</td><td rowspan="3"></td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>58</td><td rowspan="2">Enterovirus 71</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">59</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Epstein-Barr virus (B95- 8 Strain)</td><td>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">60</td><td>Ellen</td><td rowspan="2">Escherichia coli (0157:H7)</td><td>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>9939</td><td>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td>61</td><td>NA</td><td>Escherichia coli K1**</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>62</td><td>NA</td><td>Escherichia fergusonii*</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>63</td><td>NA</td><td>Escherichia hermani**</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>64</td><td>NA</td><td>Escherichia vulneris**</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td></tr><tr><td>65</td><td>NA</td><td>Filobasidium</td><td>NA</td><td>NA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>capsuligenum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilushaemomlyticus*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzaeType A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilusparahaemolyticus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Haemophilusparainfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hepatitis A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hepatitis B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hepatitis C virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis D virus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HHV-6A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HHV-6B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HHV-7 SB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9% (8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HHV-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV-1 IIIB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9% (8/9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HIV-2 NIHZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-2**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HPeV-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-4**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-5**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HPeV-6**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV-1 (MacIntyre)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HSV-2 (G)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus A16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus B3**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus B83**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InfluenzaA/California/7/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza A/H1N1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o0/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InfluenzaB/Florida/02/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>JC virus (MAD-4 strain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:( Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>La Crosse encephalitisvirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria innocua**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria ivanovii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measles virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mumps virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mycobacteriumtuberculosis genomicDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Naegleria fowleri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78 x 105 cells/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78 x 105 cells/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria lactamica**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidisserogroup A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis(unencapsulated)**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Neisseria mucosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria sicca**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoea agglomerans**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parvovirus B19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Poliovirus (Type 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Propionibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis Z050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rabies virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytialvirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rhinovirus 1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rotavirus (Type Wa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 104 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rubella virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simian Virus type 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>St. Louis encephalitisvirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(MRSA, COL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus capitis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcusepidermidis (MRSE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcushaemolyticus**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcushominis*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcuslugdunensis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusanginossus*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus bovis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcusdysgalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# K190219

510(k) Summary Simplexa™ VZV Direct Catalog No. MOL3650 Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Catalog No. MOL3660

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement withExpected Results:(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>intermedius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus mutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus oralis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspseudopneumoniae**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenesZ018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcussanguinis**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 Tachyzoites/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 Tachyzoites/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treponema pallidum**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tropheryma whipplei**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>West Nile virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>White blood cells(Human genomic DNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

\* Any organisms with low titer stock were analyzed in silico by BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool, NCBI, NIH). \*\* Tested in silico due to unavailability of the organism.

# CARRY-OVER CONTAMINATION

An amplification carry-over for the Simplexa™ assays has been assessed. The study was designed by alternately placing high positive and negative samples on each disc. No evidence of carry-over contamination was observed.

# EXPECTED VALUES

The prevalence of VZV as determined by the Simplexa™ VZV Direct assay in a multi-site clinical study with prospectively collected specimens is shown in Table 8 below. The expected values for VZV per site varied between $0 \%$ and $7 . 4 \%$ . The overall prevalence for all sites was $2 . 2 \%$ (fourteen of six hundred thirty-seven (14/637).

Table 8. Prospective VZV prevalence as determined by Simplexa™ VZV Direct   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ VZV DirectPositive Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Prevalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr></table>