iCubate, Inc.   
$\%$ Fran White   
President   
MDC Associates, LLC   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

Re: K190341 Trade/Device Name: iC-GN iC-Cassette for use on the iC-System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3365 Regulation Name: Multiplex nucleic acid assay for identification of microorganisms and resistance markers from positive blood cultures Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PEN Dated: February 11, 2019 Received: February 14, 2019

Dear Fran White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date of Summary:

June 22, 2019

# Product Name:

iC‐GN Assay™ for use on the iC‐System™

# Sponsor:

iCubate, Inc. 601 Genome Way Huntsville, AL 35806

# Correspondent:

MDC Associates, Inc.   
Fran White, President   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915   
Phone: (978) 705 5011   
Fax: (866) 540 3448   
Email: regulatory@mdcassoc.com

Common Name: Gram‐Negative Bacteria and Associated Resistance Markers

Regulation Number: 866.3365

Classification: PEN, Class II

<table><tr><td>Characteristic Intended Use</td><td>iCubate, Inc. iC-GN Assay™ for use on the iC-System™ (New Device)</td><td>Nanosphere, Inc. Verigene® Gram Negative Blood Culture Nucleic Acid Test (GC-GN) K132843 (Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Similarities The iCubate, Inc. iC-GN Assay™ for use on the iC-System™ is a qualitative,</td><td>The Verigene® Gram Negative Blood Culture Nucleic Acid Test (BC- multiplexed, in vitro diagnostic test for the GN), performed using the sample- to-results Verigene System, is a</td></tr><tr><td>detection and identification of potentially</td><td>pathogenic gram negative bacteria, which may cause bloodstream infection (BSl). The iC-GN Assay™ is performed directly on positive blood cultures, confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram negative bacilli. Cultures demonstrating mixed Gram stain results should not be tested on the assay. The iC-GN Assay™ is validated for use with select BACTEC™, BacT/ALERT® and VersaTREK® blood culture bottles. The iC- GN Assay™ is indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, such as culture, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, it is not used to monitor bloodstream infections. The iC-GN Assay™ detects target DNA and</td><td>qualitative multiplexed in vitro diagnostic test for the simultaneous detection and identification of selected gram-negative bacteria and resistance markers. BC-GN is performed directly on blood culture media using blood culture bottles identified as positive by a continuous monitor blood culture system and which contain gram- negative bacteria as determined by Gram stain. BC-GN detects and identifies the following: Acinetobacter spp. Citrobacter spp. Enterobacter spp. Proteus spp.</td></tr><tr><td>identifies the following: Bacterial Genera and Species Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td>Resistance Markers</td><td>Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Klebsiella oxytoca Pseudomonas aeruginosa BC-GN is indicated for use in</td></tr><tr><td>complex Enterobacter cloacae complex Escherichia coli Klebsiella oxytoca Klebsiella pneumoniae Pseudomonas aeruginosa Proteus species Serratia</td><td>KPC (blakpc)- associated with resistance to carbapenems NDM (blanDM)- associated with resistance to carbapenems CTX-M group 1(blacx-m group 1)- associated with resistance to extended spectrum</td><td>conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, is not to be used to monitor these infections. Sub-culturing of positive blood cultures is necessary to recover organisms for susceptibility testing, identification of organisms not detected by BC-GN, differentiation of mixed growth, association of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">marcescens beta-lactams In mixed growth, the iC-GN Assay™ does not specifically attribute detection of KPC, NDM, or CTX-M group 1 to a specific genera or species. Sub-culturing of positive blood cultures is necessary to recover organisms</td><td>antimicrobial resistance marker genes to a specific organism, or for epidemiological typing. for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iCubate, Inc.iC-GN Assay™ for use on the iC-System™(New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nanosphere, Inc.Verigene® Gram Negative BloodCulture Nucleic Acid Test (GC-GN)K132843(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">susceptibility testing, identification oforganisms not detected by the iC-GNAssay™, differentiation of mixed growth,association ofantimicrobialresistancemarker genes to a specific organism, or forepidemiological typing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Blood Culture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Blood Culture</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INSTRUMENTREQUIREMENTS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iC-System™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verigene System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEsT PRInCiPLE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARM-PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gold nanoparticle probe-based PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COMPaTIBLE BLOODCuLTuRe BOTTLeS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD BACTEC Standard/10 Aerobic/FBD BACTEC Standard/10 Anaerobic/FBD BACTEC Plus Aerobic/FBD BACTEC Plus Anaerobic/FBD BACTEC Lytic/10 Anaerobic/FBacT/Alert SA Standard AerobicBacT/Alert SN Standard AnaerobicBacT/Alert FA Aerobic FANBacT/Alert FN Anaerobic FANBacT/Alert FA Plus AerobicBacT/Alert FN Plus AnaerobicVersaTREK REDOX 1VersaTREK REDOX 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BACTEC™ PluS Aerobic/FBacT/ALERT FA FAN</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THROuGHPUT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four (4) samples/iC-Processor™</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One (1) Sample/Processor</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The iCubate, Inc. iC‐GN Assay™ for use on the iC‐System™ is a qualitative, multiplexed, in vitro diagnostic test for the detection and identification of potentially pathogenic gram negative bacteria, which may cause bloodstream infection (BSI). The iC‐GN Assay™ is performed directly on positive blood cultures, confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram negative bacilli.   Cultures demonstrating mixed Gram stain results should not be tested on the assay.   The iC‐GN Assay™ is validated for use with select BACTEC™, BacT/ALERT® and VersaTREK® blood culture bottles. The iC‐GN Assay™ is indicated for use in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, such as culture, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial bloodstream infections; however, it is not used to monitor bloodstream infections.

The iC‐GN Assay™ detects target DNA and identifies the following:

<table><tr><td>Bacterial Genera and Species</td><td>Resistance Markers</td></tr><tr><td>Acinetobacter baumannii complex Enterobacter cloacae complex Escherichia coli</td><td>KPC (blakpc)- associated with resistance to carbapenems</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella oxytoca Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td>NDM (blanDm)- associated with resistance to</td></tr><tr><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa Proteus species</td><td>carbapenems CTX-M group 1(blactx-m group 1)- associated with resistance to extended spectrum beta-lactams</td></tr></table>

In mixed growth, the iC‐GN Assay™ does not specifically attribute detection of KPC, NDM, or CTX‐M group 1 to a specific genera or species.

Sub‐culturing of positive blood cultures is necessary to recover organisms for susceptibility testing, identification of organisms not detected by the iC‐GN Assay™, differentiation of mixed growth, association of antimicrobial resistance marker genes to a specific organism, or for epidemiological typing.

# Limitations

For prescription use only.

Please refer to the iC‐GN Assay™ labeling for a more complete list of warnings, precautions and contraindications.

# Methodology

The iC‐GN Assay™ utilizes polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the multiplex amplification of specific targets and detects the amplified targets with microarray hybridization. Targets are detected directly from patient positive blood cultures confirmed by Gram stain to contain gram negative bacilli.    The iC‐GN Assay utilizes proprietary ARM‐PCR (Amplicon Rescued Multiplex PCR) technology allowing for multiple targets to be amplified in one reaction. Testing is done in a self‐contained, automated, disposable cassette using the iCubate™ processor (iC‐Processor™).    After the reaction is complete, the cassette is read on the iCubate® reader (iC‐Reader™).  Results from the iC‐Reader™ are interpreted by iC‐Report™ software and a final report is displayed on the iMac® computer.

To operate, the user opens the iC‐Cassette™ cap and pipettes an aliquot of the diluted positive blood culture sample into the sample/PCR well in the bottom well plate of the cassette. Once inoculated, the cassette cap is closed, and all extraction, amplification and detection processes are completed in the cassette, a closed system.    Extraction, amplification and detection sequences are defined by an assay script controlled by the iC–Processor™.

The processing script is defined within a barcode label positioned on the top of each iC‐Cassette™ which communicates with the iC‐Processor™. To access and pierce the foil‐ sealed reagent wells located in the bottom well plate of the cassette, the processor manipulates the cassette to move the cassette pipette horizontally and vertically. The script directs the transfer of reagents between the wells in the bottom well plate and finally to the array within the cassette. The iC‐Processor™ is capable of processing four (4) iC‐Cassettes™ with random access.

Once processing is complete, the cassette is manually transferred from the iC‐Processor™ to the iC‐Reader™ where the microarray within the cassette is read.  The iC‐Reader™ is capable of reading up to four (4) iC‐Cassettes™ at one time.      The results are interpreted via the iC‐Report™ software and displayed for the user on the iMac®.    Raw data and result interpretations are stored within the ${ \dot { \mathsf { I M a c } } } ^ { \otimes }$ ; raw data is accessible to iCubate® service personnel only and not to the end user.

When finished with a loaded iC‐GN Cassette™, it should be disposed as biohazardous waste.

# Performance Data

For ease of reference, the following table defines iC‐GN target organisms and common acronyms used in the study descriptions.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TABLE 1: iC-GN Assay Targets</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acronym</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ECX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC carbapenemase resistance marker</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM carbapenemase resistance marker</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M group 1 extended spectrum β-lactamase resistance marker</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTXM</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

To confirm the site‐to‐site, operator‐to‐operator, system‐to‐system, and lot‐to‐lot reproducibility of the iC‐GN Assay, a representative panel of target organisms and one non‐ target organism were evaluated at two clinically relevant concentrations:    initial bottle positivity and eight hours beyond initial bottle positivity. Organisms were grown to the appropriate concentrations in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles with human blood added on the BD BACTEC System. Testing was performed by two independent operators at each of three sites, two external and one internal. Each operator tested the eighteen‐organism panel in triplicate across five, non‐consecutive days. Testing was performed on six iC‐GN Cassette lots and multiple iC‐Systems. Performance is based on all expected targets detected and no false positive targets detected. Table 2 below summarizes Reproducibility results stratified by iC‐GN target and concentration. Overall Reproducibility performance was $9 9 . 3 \%$ , confirming that iC‐GN Assay performance is reproducible across sites, operators, systems and lots.

<table><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">TABLE 2: iC-GN Assay Reproducibility Performance by Target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target/Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OverallPerformance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OverallPerformance %[95% CI]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FalseNegatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FalsePositives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC CheckFailures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemFailures</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. baumannii complexBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. baumannii complexBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7[90.65-98.86]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/90(3.33%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. cloacae complexBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86/88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.7[92.09-99.37]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/88(1.14%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/88(1.14%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/90(2.22%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. cloacae complexBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coliBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coliBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. oxytocaBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9[93.97-99.80]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. oxytocaBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniaeBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniaeBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus speciesBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus speciesBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.92-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/88(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/88(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/90(2.22%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosaBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9[93.91-99.80]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/89(1.12%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosaBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9[93.97-99.80]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. marcescensBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8[92.17-99.38]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/89(2.25%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. marcescensBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8[92.17-99.38]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/89(2.25%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M group 1Bottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M group 1Bottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPCBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.91-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPCBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDMBottle Ring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0[95.86-100.0]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/89(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDMBottle Ring + 8 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9[93.97-99.80]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/90(1.11%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/90(0.00%)</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

A study was performed to determine the limit of detection for each iC‐GN Assay target, defined as the lowest concentration $( \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ of analyte that can be detected approximately $9 5 \%$ of the time. For the eleven targets detected by the iC‐GN Assay, a panel of twenty‐seven representative strains were evaluated, a minimum of three per target. For complex and genus level targets, at least two representative species were evaluated. LoD testing was conducted in two phases, the first to narrow the range for LoD analysis. In phase II, the approximated $9 5 \%$ performance point determined in phase I was confirmed by testing a minimum of twenty replicates on each of three unique cassette lots. Plating and subsequent colony counts were used to determine organism concentrations. The final limit of detection for each target, provided in Table 3 below, was defined as the concentration that produced a positive result $\geq 9 5 \%$ but $< 1 0 0 \%$ of the time.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 3: iC-GN Assay LoD Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defined Target LoD(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A. baumannii complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307-0294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3 × 10^}$</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5.3 × 105 - 5.2 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2× 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0 × 10 5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 3: iC-GN Assay LoD Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defined Target LoD(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>E. cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 × 106</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>4.9 × 105 - 5.5 x 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 × 106$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700323</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9 × 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7× 10^}$</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.7 × 105  8.4 × 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9 × 10 }$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4 × 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2× 10}$</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5.4 x 105  1.1 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4 × 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1× 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35657</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 × 106</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>6.0 × 105 - 4.2 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2× 106}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LACNY 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 × 10 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Proteus species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 × 10 6$</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>6.9 × 105  1.1 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9 × 10 5$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6× 10 }$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9× 10 }$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2× 106</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>5.0 x 105 - 1.2 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 × 10 }$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9 × 10}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2× 10}$</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6.4 × 105  8.1 × 105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 21212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1× 10^}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 × 10}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CTX-M group 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2326 (CTX-M-15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9× 10^}$</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>7.9 × 105  2.3 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-40 (CTX-M-15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-42 (CTX-M-15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-147 (KPC-3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3× 106</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.5 × 105  4.2 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-231 (KPC-5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5× 10^}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-83 (NDM-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2× 106</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.3 x 105 - 5.2 × 106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-55 (NDM-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 × 10 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-250 (NDM-1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 × 10^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Bottle Ring

A study was performed to establish the levels of each iC‐GN target organism at two clinically relevant concentrations: initial bottle positivity (bottle “ring”) and eight hours beyond initial positivity. Twenty‐seven representative organisms were evaluated, a minimum of three per iC‐GN target. Organisms were grown in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles with human blood added on the BD BACTEC System. Within two hours of initial bottle positivity, the bottles were removed for plating and subsequent colony counts to determine organism concentrations. The bottles were then returned to the incubator and approximately eight hours after initial bottle positivity, the bottles were again removed for plating and subsequent colony counts to determine organism concentrations. Three bottles were grown for each strain, and the average concentrations at initial bottle positivity and eight hours beyond initial bottle positivity are provided in Table 4 below. The concentrations at initial bottle positivity, representative of the lowest levels that may be observed in a clinical setting, are above the limits of detection determined for each strain.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TABLE 4: iC-GN Target Organism Concentrations at Bottle &quot;Ring&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial Bottle PositivityAverage Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bottle Positivity + 8Average Concentration(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307-0294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.24 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.27 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.39 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.23 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobactercalcoaceticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.78 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93 x 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97 × 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.62 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.31 × 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter hormaechei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700323</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.36 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.48 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.23 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.93 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.32 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.16 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.52 × 10 9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.67 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31 × 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35657</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.78 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08 × 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36 × 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.70 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LACNY 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.43 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67 × 109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.40 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.37 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.10 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus penneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.88 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.33 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.37 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.18 × 107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37 × 1010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.98 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.97× 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.55 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03 × 10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 21212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.83 × 108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDC-91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.28 × 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67 × 109</td></tr></table>

# Blood Culture Bottle Equivalency

Commonly used blood culture bottle (BCB) media types were evaluated to demonstrate that variability in BCB media composition does not interfere with iC‐GN Assay performance. Twenty‐seven (27) representative iC‐GN target organisms plus one non‐target organism were tested in thirteen (13) BCB media types. Target organisms were tested near LoD concentrations $( 2 - 3 \times \mathsf { L o D } )$ ). Each strain was tested in triplicate in each BCB media type. Target performance is based on all expected targets detected and no false positive targets detected. Non‐target performance is based on all expected negative results. In the event of a false negative result, the strain was retested in replicates of ten. In the event of a false positive result or other failure, the strain was retested in triplicate. The results of iC‐GN BCB equivalency testing are summarized in Table 5 below. Performance in all bottle types met the acceptance criteria of $\geq 9 5 \%$ performance; all bottle types are validated for use with the iC‐GN Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>TABLE 5: iC-GN Assay BCB Equivalency Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BCB Media Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallPerformance(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalseNegatives(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FalsePositives(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCCheckFailures(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemFailures(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC Standard Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/94(98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/94(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/94(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/97(3.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/97(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC Standard Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/86(98.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/86(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/86(1.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/87(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/87(1.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC Plus Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/94(98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/94(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/94(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/97(2.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/97(1.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC Plus Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95/96(98.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/96(1.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/96(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/100(2.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/100(2.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTEC Lytic/10 Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81/81(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT SA Standard Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97/99(98.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/99(1.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/99(1.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/103(3.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/103(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT SN StandardAnaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/88(98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/88(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/88(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/90(2.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT FA Aerobic FAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94/96(97.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/96(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/96(2.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/97(1.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/97(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT FN Anaerobic FAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92/94(97.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/94(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/94(2.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/97(2.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/97(1.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT FA Plus Aerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94/95(98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/95(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/95(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/97(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/97(1.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACT/ALERT FN Plus Anaerobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/87(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/87(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/87(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/90(2.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/90(1.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VersaTREK REDOX 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81/81(100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/81(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VersaTREK REDOX 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92/93(98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/93(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/93(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/94(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/94(0.0%)</td></tr></table>

An increased rate of false positive Proteus results was observed in some lots of BD BACTEC blood culture bottles. The high rate of false positive results observed prompted an investigation by the manufacturer, BD Life Sciences. The false positives are due to the presence of nucleic acids or non‐viable organisms present in the culture media at concentrations near or above the target’s limit of detection. While the observed contamination was resolved at the time of publication, positive Proteus results observed in BD BACTEC media types should be confirmed using alternative methods.

# Inclusivity

To demonstrate the inclusivity of the iC‐GN Assay, eighty‐two (82) representative strains were evaluated, a minimum of ten strains for each target analyte. Strains were tested at the lowest level of bottle positivity, considered within two hours of bottle “ring.” Organisms were grown in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles with human blood added on the BD BACTEC System. Each strain was tested in triplicate. Performance is based on all expected targets detected and no false positive targets detected. In the event of a false negative result, the strain was retested in replicates of ten. In the event of a false positive result or other failure, the strain was retested in triplicate. The results of iC‐GN Inclusivity testing are summarized in Table 6 below. Two strains were not detected by the iC‐GN Assay:    Acinetobacter calcoaceticus ATCC 31926 was not detected as A. baumannii complex and Enterobacter kobei ATCC BAA‐260 was not detected as E. cloacae complex. An in silico analysis was also performed, and the predicted reactivity of each resistance marker detected by the iC‐GN Assay is summarized in Tables 7‐9 below.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TABLE 6: iC-GN Assay Inclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19606</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCIMB 12457</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14987</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 31926</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2341</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX, KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/162</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX, KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX, CTX-M-15, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX, CTX-M-15, KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter asburiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35923</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter hormaechei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49162</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TABLE 6: iC-GN Assay Inclusivity Results</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter kobei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/13³3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10536</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-2469</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10538</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13476</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC, CTX-M-15, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC, KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC, KPC-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/84</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC, CTX-M-15, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-162</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC, CTX-M-15, NDM-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8724</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43086</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43165</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43863</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49334</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51817</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700324</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 11686</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC-13882</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1705</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9633</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13438</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 13443</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, CTX-M-15, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, CTX-M-15, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN, CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp.ozaenae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 7002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 21100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43071</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCIMB 13283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus, KPC-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus, KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus penneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9484</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29905</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19429</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TABLE 6: iC-GN Assay Inclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA-1744</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA, KPC-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA, NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 8100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13880</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14756</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29634</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29635</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43861</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43862</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9743</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

1) $2 / 2$ false negative ABX in initial testing. $7 / 9$ false negative ABX in repeat testing. See limitation.   
2) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive ABX in initial testing. $1 / 3$ false positive ABX in repeat testing. Strain repeated in replicates of 10, 10/10 repeats passed.   
3) $3 / 3$ false negative ECX in initial testing. $1 0 / 1 0$ false negative ECX in repeat testing. See limitation.   
4) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ processor error in initial testing. $1 / 3$ false positive KPN in repeat testing. Strain repeated in triplicate, $3 / 3$ repeats passed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>TABLE 7: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity for CTX-M group 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Associated Target Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Associated Target Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acinetobacter baumanniicomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-3</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=6>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-162</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-22</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=6></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-167</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=10 colspan=5>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-187</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-224</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-2</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-3</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-4</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-5</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-6</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-129</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-7</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-130</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TABLE 7: Predicted (in silico</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">TABLE 7: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity for CTX-M group 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="52"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-8</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-135</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-139</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-173</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-176</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-28</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="7"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-183</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-188</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-197</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-204</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-208</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-42</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-210</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-220</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-58</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="7">Proteus species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-116</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-136</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-164</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-167</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-212</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-102</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="2">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-103</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="2">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-117</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="3">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-127</td><td colspan="5" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-55</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-221</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-131</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="24"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-132</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-134</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-137</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-139</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-140</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-141</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-142</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-143</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-146</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-158</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-163</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-166</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-167</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-170</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-172</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-175</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-178</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-179</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-180</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-181</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-184</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TABLE 7: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity for CTX-M group 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="13">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-186</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="13"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-188</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-189</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-193</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-194</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-202</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-203</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-207</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-211</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-216</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-218</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-222</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-226</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-194</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="9"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-202</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-203</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-207</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-211</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-216</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-218</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-222</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-226</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TABLE 8: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity for KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">) Reactivity for KPC</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Acinetobacter baumanniicomplex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="33">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Enterobacter cloacaecomplex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Proteus species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="9"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-36</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">TABLE 9: Predicted (in silico) Reactivity for NDM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Associated Target Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variant Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Acinetobacter baumanniicomplex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Enterobacter cloacaecomplex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-7</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="19">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-23</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-3</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Proteus species</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-6</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-11</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="11"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-18</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-27</td></tr></table>

# Exclusivity

To demonstrate the exclusivity of the iC‐GN Assay, a comprehensive panel of non‐target organisms that may be encountered in positive blood cultures was evaluated. A total of 114 strains were tested including organisms phylogenetically related to iC‐GN target organisms as well as common blood culture contaminants. Potential cross‐reactivity was evaluated by testing exclusivity panel organisms at the highest possible concentrations, considered eight hours beyond initial bottle positivity or the equivalent. Organisms were grown in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottles with human blood added on the BD BACTEC System. Each strain was tested in triplicate. Performance is based on the observation of all expected negative results. In the event of a false positive result or other failure, the organism was retested in replicates of three (3) or ten (10). Exclusivity results are presented in Table 10 below. Three (3) strains demonstrated reproducible cross‐reactivity with iC‐GN Assay targets: Acinetobacter haemolyticus cross‐reacted with Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Klebsiella variicola cross‐reacted with Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Serratia odorifera cross‐reacted with Serratia marcescens.

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">TABLE 10: iC-GN Assay Exclusivity Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(CFU/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.20 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z141</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.45 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter radioresistens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.20 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter schindleri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA618</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter ursingii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA617</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerococcus viridans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z219</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.24 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z161</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.10 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.70 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus niger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z029</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.40 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brevundimonas vesicularis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 11426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25416</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z293</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.90 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z086</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.60 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/13²2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.20 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.90 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.00 × 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.50 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cedecea davisae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33431</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.20 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter amalonaticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z051</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.4× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter braakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.90 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z039</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter sedlakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (NAP-1 toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAP1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.87 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile (non-toxigenic)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.93 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium novyi*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium amycolatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z284</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.26 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z328</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium jeikeium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z232</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium striatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCW000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.07 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/63³3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cronobacter muytjensii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51329</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.79 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cronobacter sakazakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29544</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.90 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.15 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edwardsiella tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.70 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z052</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter amnigenus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51816</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.58 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/65</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus casseliflavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.44 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus cecorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z208</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51299</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.13× 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.20 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus hirae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z193</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.37× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49427</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 35469</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.70 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia hermanii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z184</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia vulneris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33821</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.50 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium varium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z361</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.49 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hafnia alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 51815</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37× 109$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 10211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus parainfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9796</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella variicola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 31488</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.40 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kluyvera ascorbata (KPC+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-0144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40 × 109$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kocuria kristinae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.20 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kytococcus schroeteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA2410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z048</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.30 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z333</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z169</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.30 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leclercia adecarboxylata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01× 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leminorella grimontii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z364</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leuconostoc mesenteroides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z197</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.03 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micrococcus luteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25238</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27× 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25830</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19424</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria lactamica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 23970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.90 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.55× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 49233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 9913</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.43 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pantaea agglomerans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00 × 106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pasturella multocida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 12945</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.84 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pediococcus pentosaceus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.91× 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Planococcus citreus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 14404</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pluralibacter gergoviae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27× 10}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.90 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z292</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.10 × 10$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70 × 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 13525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.43 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas luteola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43273</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas mendocina</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 25411</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas nitroreducens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33634</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.30 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas oryzihabitans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 43272</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas putida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas stutzeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 17588</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.20 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Raoultella planitcola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33558</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rothia mucilaginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.50 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCBAA1715</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.23 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia fonticola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 29844</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 27592</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/129</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia odorifera</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 33077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.19 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/1310</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia rubidaea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 19278</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700699</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.30 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.13 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 700566</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.90 x 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z067</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.70 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z031</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.90 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z097</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.43 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus schleiferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z294</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.52 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC BAA84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.74 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.50 x 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z167</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.00 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z068</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.65 × 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/611</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 6301</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80 x 108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/612</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.80 × 107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z379</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.70 × 109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/613</td></tr></table>

1) 3/3 false positive A. baumannii complex in initial testing. See limitation.   
2) 2/3 false positive E. coli in initial testing. $1 0 / 1 0$ repeats negative.   
3) 1/3 false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. $3 / 3$ repeats negative.   
4) 1/3 positive control check failure in initial testing. $1 / 3$ false positive S. marcescens in repeat testing.   
5) 1/3 false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. $3 / 3$ repeats negative.   
6) 1/3 false positive E. coli in initial testing. $3 / 3$ repeats negative.   
7) $3 / 3$ false positive K. pneumoniae in initial testing. See limitation.   
8) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. 2/2 repeats negative.   
9) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. $9 / 9$ repeats negative.   
10) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. 1/10 false positive S. marcescens in repeat testing.   
See limitation.   
11) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. 3/3 repeats negative.   
12) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. 3/3 repeats negative.   
13) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive E. coli in initial testing. $3 / 3$ repeats negative.

# Microbial Interference

Potential microbial interference was evaluated by testing high concentrations of gram negative exclusivity organisms in combination with low concentrations of iC‐GN target organisms. A total of sixty (60) gram negative exclusivity strains were tested at the highest possible concentrations, considered eight hours beyond initial bottle positivity or the equivalent. Eight (8) representative iC‐GN target organisms were tested at concentrations below the lowest levels of bottle positivity. Each organism combination was tested in triplicate. Performance was based on all expected targets detected and no false positive targets detected. In the event of a false negative result, the combination was retested in replicates of ten (10). In the event of a false positive result or other failure, the combination was retested in replicates of three (3) or ten (10). Microbial interference results are presented in Table 11 below.

<table><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">TABLE 11: iC-GN Assay Microbial Interference Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. Iwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. radioresistens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. schindleri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. ursingii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. vesicularis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. davisae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. amalonaticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. braakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. sedlakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. muytjensii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. sakazakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. tarda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. amnigenus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. hermannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13²2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. vulneris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">F. varium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H. alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H. influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H.parainfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. ascorbata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L. adecarboxylata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L. grimontii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M. catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M. morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N. gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N. Iactamica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N. meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N. mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N. sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. agglomerans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. multocida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. gergoviae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. alcalifaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. luteola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mendocina</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. nitroreducens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. oryzihabitans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. putida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. stutzeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R. planitcola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. enterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. fonticola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. odorifera</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. rubidaea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S. maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">V. parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

1) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ array registration error in initial testing. 1/3 false positive E. cloacae complex in repeat testing. 2) 1/3 false negative KPC in initial testing. 10/10 repeats passed. 3) 3/3 false negative A. baumannii complex in initial testing; concentration was determined to be below the target limit of detection. 10/10 repeats passed.

4) 1/2 false negative CTX‐M in initial testing. 1/10 false positive K. pneumoniae in repeat testing.   
5) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false negative A. baumannii complex in initial testing. 10/10 repeats passed.   
6) 1/3 false positive E. coli in initial testing. 3/3 repeats passed.   
7) 1/3 false negative K. pneumoniae in initial testing. 10/10 repeats passed.   
8) 1/3 false positive S. marcescens in initial testing. 10/10 repeats passed.

# Competitive Inhibition

iC‐GN Assay performance was evaluated with combinations of target analytes that may be found in mixed positive blood cultures. One target organism was prepared at the lowest level of bottle positivity, considered within two hours of bottle “ring”, while the second target organism was prepared at the highest possible concentration, considered eight hours after initial bottle positivity. All organisms were grown in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood cultures bottles with human blood added on the BD BACTEC System. The organisms were combined at a ratio of one part “low” to four parts “high”. Each low concentration organism was tested in combination with each high concentration organism in triplicate. Performance was based on all expected targets detected. In the event of a false negative result, the organism combination was retested in replicates of ten (10) at the same “low” and “high” organism ratio. In the event of a reproducible false negative result, the organism combination was retested in replicates of ten (10) at a ratio of one part “low” to one part “high.” Competitive inhibition results are presented in Table 12 below. All high concentration iC‐GN targets were detected. Due to competitive inhibition, low concentration targets were not detected in $1 . 7 \%$ of tests (3/178). When iC‐GN target organisms were present at similar concentrations, all targets were detected.

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">TABLE 12: iC-GN Assay Competitive Inhibition Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighMarker</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">A. baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">E. cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 FP KPC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">TABLE I2: IC-GN Assay Competitive Innibition Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighMarker</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">(CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">K. oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">K.pneumoniae(KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">P. aeruginosa(NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+) 1:1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">S. marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC (CTX-M-15+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">TABLE 12: iC-GN Assay Competitive Inhibition Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighOrganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighMarker</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN (KPC-2+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA (NDM-1+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

iC‐GN Assay performance was evaluated in the presence of potentially inhibiting substances that may be encountered in blood and blood culture media. Eight representative target organisms plus one non‐target organism were evaluated. Organisms were tested at the lowest levels of bottle positivity, considered within two hours of bottle “ring.” Potential interferents were tested at concentrations exceeding the highest concentrations that may be encountered in blood and blood culture media (Table 12). Target performance is based on all expected targets detected and no false positive targets detected. Non‐target performance is based on all negative results. In the event of a false negative result, the organism/interferent combination was retested in replicates of ten (10). In the event of a false positive result or other failure, the organism/interferent combination was retested in triplicate. If the discordant result was observed in repeat testing, the combination was retested at a decreased inhibitor concentration. Interference results are presented in Table 13 below. Interference testing was performed in BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic blood culture bottle media, which has a sodium polyanetholesulfonate (SPS) concentration of $0 . 0 5 \% \mathrm { ~ w ~ } / \mathrm { v }$ . Additional SPS at a concentration greater than $0 . 0 5 \% \ \mathrm { w / v }$ was found to interfere with the performance of some iC‐GN Assay targets, resulting in increased false negative results and positive control check failures.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TABLE 13: Interfering Substances Test Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinically RelevantConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-2 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1-0.4 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1-0.8 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protein (γ-globulin + albumin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7-1.7 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300-500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Polyanetholesulfonate (SPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02-0.05% w/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefepime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ceftriaxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentamicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meropenem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Piperacillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="13" rowspan="1">TABLE 14: iC-GN Assay Interfering Substances Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">Target Performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InterferenceCompound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConjugatedBilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UnconjugatedBilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protein (y-globulin +albumin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human GenomicDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SPS (0.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/121</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/12²2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/12³3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SPS (0.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefepime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ceftriaxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentamicin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meropenem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Piperacillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

1) $2 / 3$ false negative A. baumannii complex in initial testing. $7 / 9$ false negative A. baumannii complex   
in repeat testing.   
2) $3 / 3$ false negative P. aeruginosa in initial testing. $7 / 9$ false negative P. aeruginosa in repeat testing.   
3) $4 / 9$ false negative NDM in repeat testing.   
4) $_ { 1 / 3 }$ false positive K. pneumoniae in initial testing. $3 / 3$ repeats passed.

# Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed at five (5) geographically dispersed clinical sites. Sites tested 1002 leftover de‐identified specimens from anaerobic and aerobic blood culture bottles flagged as positive by their respective continuous monitoring blood culture system. Three of the commonly used blood culture systems were included in the study: Thermo Fisher VersaTREK, BD BACTEC and BioMerieux BacT/ALERT.

Patient positive blood cultures confirmed by Gram stain to be positive for gram negative bacilli were enrolled in the study. Any positive blood cultures showing an initial mixed Gram stain were not enrolled or were subsequently withdrawn from the study dataset.

Final performance of the iC‐GN Assay organism targets was compared to reference culture followed by MALDI identification per the study protocol. Final performance of the iC‐GN Assay resistance marker targets was compared to PCR amplification followed by confirmatory bi‐ directional sequencing. Phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing (AST) was also performed on all specimens to identify additional samples which required sequencing. Discordant samples were also sequenced.

To supplement performance of observed lower prevalence organisms, 170 contrived samples were prepared using verified strains.  Contrived samples were prepared at iCubate using BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic Blood Culture Bottles with 10mL of human blood added (in accordance with BACTEC instructions). Organisms were spiked into bottles at a concentration of 5‐30 CFU/bottle and incubated until bottles were flagged as positive.    Aliquots of samples were frozen and provided to the sites (frozen) for testing.

Of the 1107 positive blood culture specimens enrolled in the study, a total of 105 specimens were excluded/withdrawn from the study and all subsequent performance analyses. Of the 1002 specimens remaining, 976 were fresh prospective specimens and 26 $( 2 . 6 \% )$ were frozen prospective specimens.

The total specimens excluded from the iC‐GN Assay Method Comparison Study $\scriptstyle ( 1 = 1 0 5$ ) are listed by site and reason for exclusion in the table below. The most common reasons for exclusion included incomplete reference testing and repeat iC‐GN errors.

Table 15: Withdrawn Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnresolvediC-GN Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IncompleteReferenceMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OutsideFresh StabilityWindow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Didn&#x27;t MeetInclusionCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Withdrawn</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr></table>

\*Please Note: the nine (9) samples that were excluded from performance analysis due to Unresolved iC‐GN are included in the calculation of instrument errors; please refer to Table 17: No‐Calls

# Gender Demographics

Gender was reported when available for all clinical samples collected for the study. of the 1002 clinical samples included in performance analysis $4 7 . 3 \%$ were males and $5 2 . 6 \%$ were female; gender was not provided for 1/1002. The table below summarizes this data.

Table 16: Gender Stratification   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MALES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>FEMALES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not Provided</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clinical Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>527</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td></tr></table>

# Error Rate

Throughout the course of the study, an initial error rate of $2 . 9 \%$ (34/1181) was observed. Reasons for error included the following: Positive controls check failure (27), Array registration error (6), and Processor/System error (1). When an error was observed, repeat testing was performed with the iC‐GN Assay per the protocol. Upon repeat testing, the error rate was reduced to $0 . 8 \%$ (9/1181).

Table 17: No‐Calls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Internal Positive Control Failure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Instrument Errors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Non-Reportable Rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial#fail/#total(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final#fail/#total(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial#fail/#total(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final#fail/#total(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial#fail/#total(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final#fail/#total(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/1181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/1181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/1181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/1181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/1181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/1181</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1.6-3.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[0.4-1.4%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[0.3-1.2%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[0.0-0.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[2.1-4.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[0.4-1.4%]</td></tr></table>

When performance of the iC‐GN Assay was compared to reference culture followed by MALDI identification or PCR/bi‐directional sequencing, there was no apparent difference in performance noted between the five study sites or between the three blood culture systems. Performance for all positive bottle types/systems combined is presented in the tables below for detection of the iC‐GN Assay targets as compared to culture and MALDI or PCR/bi‐ directional sequencing. Results are stratified by prospectively tested fresh specimens, prospectively collected/retrospectively tested frozen specimens and contrived specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 18: iC-GN Assay Performance: Acinetobacterbaumannii complex (ppa)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>prodsond</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%7/7(64.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%968-969**(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%26/26(87.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%7/7(64.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%994/995(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%45/45(92.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%125/125(97.0-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * * } { 1 / 1 }$ false positive observed was negative for A. baumannii complex by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 19: iC-GN Assay Performance: Enterobactercloacae complex (ramA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Poedsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5%52/55*(85.1-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%921/921(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%5/5(56.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%21/21(84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%57/60(86.3-98.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%942/942(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%17/17(81.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%153/153(97.6-100)</td></tr></table>

\*1/3 false negatives observed was negative for E. cloacae complex by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing; $2 / 3$ were positive for E. cloacae complex by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing

Table 20: iC‐GN Assay Performance: Escherichia coli (uidA)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>pooeed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%480/488*(96.8-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%488/488(99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%6/6(61.0-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%20/20(83.9-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%486/494(96.8-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%508/508(99.2-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%15/15(79.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%155/155(97.6-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } 4 / 8$ false negatives observed were negative for E. coli by PCR/bi‐ directional sequencing; $3 / 8$ were positive for E. coli by PCR/bi‐ directional sequencing; $\scriptstyle 1 / 8$ was not available for sequencing

Table 21: iC‐GN Assay Performance: Klebsiella oxytoca(pehX)  

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>poedsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%23/24*(79.8-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%949/952**(99.1-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%26/26(87.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%23/24(79.8-99.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%975/978(99.1-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%30/30(88.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%140/140(97.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*1/1 false negative observed was negative for K. oxytoca by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing $^ { * * } 3 / 3$ false positives observed were negative for K. oxytoca by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing

Nineteen (19) samples were excluded from Proteus mirabilis performance analysis due to confirmed Proteus contamination within the BD BACTEC Bottles leaving a total of 983 evaluable specimens.

Table 22: iC‐GN Assay Performance: Klebsiella pneumoniae (parC)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>(parC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>poeedsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%150/155*(92.7-98.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%815/821**(98.4-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%3/3(43.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%23/23(85.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%153/158(92.8-98.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%838/844(98.4-99.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%21/21(84.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%148/149(96.3-99.9)</td></tr></table>

\*3/5 false negatives observed were negative for K. pneumoniae by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing; $2 / 3$ were positive for K. pneumoniae by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing $* * 6 / 6$ false positives observed were negative for K. pneumoniae by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 24: iC-GN Assay Performance: Pseudomonasaeruginosa (algD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>proedend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%78/82*(88.1-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%892/894**(99.2-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%25/25(86.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%79/83(88.3-98.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%917/919(99.2-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%10/10(72.2-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%160/160(97.7-100)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } 4 / 4$ false negatives observed were positive for P. aeruginosa by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing $\ast \ast _ { 2 / 2 }$ false positives observed were negative for P. aeruginosa by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 23: iC-GN Assay Performance: Proteusmirabilis (rpoB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>predsod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%37/38*(86.5-99.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%914/919**(98.7-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%9/9(70.1-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%17/17(81.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%46/47(88.9-99.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%931/936(98.8-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%12/12(75.8-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%158/158(97.6-100)</td></tr></table>

\*1/1 false negative observed was positive for P. mirabilis by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing $^ { * * } 3 / 5$ false positives observed were negative for P. mirabilis by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing; $2 / 5$ were not available for sequencing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 25: iC-GN Assay Performance: Serratiamarcescens (gyrB)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Culture &amp;MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Poedsed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%943/947**(98.9-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%26/26(87.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%29/29(88.3-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%969/973(98.9-99.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%20/20(83.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%149/150(96.3-99.9)</td></tr></table>

$^ { * * } { \boldsymbol { \mathit { 1 } } } / { \boldsymbol { \mathit { 4 } } }$ false positives observed was positive for S. marcescens by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing; $3 / 4$ were negative for S. marcescens by PCR/bi‐directional sequencing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 26: iC-GN Assay Performance:CTX-M</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PCR/Bi-directionalsequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>poeend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%64/66(89.6-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%909/910(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%25/25(86.7-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%65/67(89.8-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%934/935(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%15/15(79.6-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%155/155(97.6-100)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 27: iC-GN Assay Performance: KPC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparatorMethod</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PCR/Bi-directionalsequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>poedsend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%974/975(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%26/26(87.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1/1(20.7-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%1000/1001(99.4-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%50/50(92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%119/120(95.4-99.9)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 28: iC-GN Assay Performance: NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N=</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PCR/Bi-directionalsequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>popdsend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>976</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%976/976(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%26/26(87.1-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%1002/1002(99.6-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%50/50(92.9-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%120/120(96.9-100)</td></tr></table>

# Analysis of Mixed Culture Results:

In the method comparison study, there were thirty (30) mixed culture specimens that were detected by the iC‐GN Assay, culture and MALDI, or both.  The tables below list the mixed target combinations detected by iC‐GN and the comparator method in the clinical study.  There were twelve (12) discrepant mixed samples for which iC‐GN detected a target that was not detected by the comparator assay.    There were four (4) discrepant mixed samples for which the comparator assay detected targets that were not detected by iC‐GN. Due to competitive inhibition, target organisms present at low concentrations may not be detected by the iC‐GN Assay when a second target organism is present at higher concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>TABLE 29: Multiple Organism Detections by iC-GN as Compared to Culture/MALDI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Multiple Detections by iC-GN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalTargetsDetectedby iC-GN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No ofDiscrepantTargets</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantResults (TargetsNot Detected byculture/MALDI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae, S.marcescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca, P.aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. marcescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A. baumanniicomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A. baumanniicomplex</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacaecomplex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>TABLE 29: Multiple Organism Detections by Culture/MALDI as Compared to iC-GN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Multiple Detections by culture/MALDI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalTargetsDetectedbyCulture</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantTargets</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiscrepantTargets (TargetsNot Detected byiC-GN)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. cloacae complex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Expected Values:

A total of 1002 prospectively collected fresh and frozen blood culture specimens were obtained from five geographically dispersed clinical sites. The number and percentage of positive cases (positivity rate) determined by the iC‐GN Assay stratified by U.S. state for each of the organisms and resistance markers detected by the assay are presented below. Overall, the iC‐GN Assay detected at least one organism in $89 \%$ (901/1002) prospectively collected specimens and at least one resistance marker in $6 . 8 \%$ (68/1002) prospectively collected specimens. Expected values are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">TABLE 30: Positivity by the iC-GN Assay as Observed in the Clinical Study</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U.S. State</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">355</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acinetobacterbaumannii complex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobactercloacae complex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">486</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Klebsiellapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">159</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resistance Marker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TOTAL n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">355</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1002</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CTX-M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSITIVE n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Positivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6%</td></tr></table>

# Statement of Safety and Effectiveness

The data presented clearly demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the iC‐GN Assay™ for use on the iC‐System as compared to the reference method when the product Instructions for Use are followed.