Applied Biocode, Inc.   
Robert Tullio   
Regulatory Consultant   
10020 Pioneer Blvd.   
Suite 102   
Santa Fe Springs, California 90067-0

Re: K190585 Trade/Device Name: Biocode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCH, OOI Dated: March 4, 2019 Received: March 6, 2019

Dear Robert Tullio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K190585

Device Name BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) is a qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic   
test intended for use with the BioCode MDx 3000 Instrument. The BioCode GPP is capable of the simultaneous detection   
and identification of nucleic acids from multiple bacteria, viruses, and parasites extracted directly from unpreserved stool   
samples or stool preserved in Cary-Blair transport medium obtained from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of   
gastrointestinal infection. The following bacteria, parasites, and viruses are identified using the BioCode Gastrointestinal   
Pathogen Panel:   
▪ Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli)   
▪ Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B (Fresh samples only)   
▪ Salmonella spp   
▪ Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/ V. cholerae), including specific identification of Vibrio parahaemolyticus   
▪ Yersinia enterocolitica   
▪ Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli (EAEC)   
▪ Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) lt/st   
▪ E. coli O157 serogroup   
▪ Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2   
▪ Shigella/ Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC)   
▪ Cryptosporidium spp (C. parvum/C. hominis)   
▪ Entamoeba histolytica   
▪ Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)   
▪ Adenovirus F 40/41   
▪ Norovirus GI/GII   
▪ Rotavirus A

The BioCode GPP is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data.

Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BioCode GPP. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Adenovirus 40/41, Campylobacter, E. coli O157, Shigella/EIEC, Yersinia enterocolitica, and Giardia lamblia were established additionally with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Entamoeba histolytica, Giardia lamblia, Yersinia enterocolitica and Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and V. cholerae) were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

Introduction: According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following provides sufficient information to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

Applied BioCode, Inc. 10020 Pioneer Blvd. Suite 102 Santa Fe Springs, CA 90670

# Contact:

Robert Di Tullio Regulatory Consultant rditullio@apbiocode.com Telephone: 310 801 1235 Fax: 323 372 3816

Date Submitted: March 5, 2019

Trade Name: BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)

Classification Name and Regulation Number: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay (21 CFR 866.3990)

# Predicate Device:

K180041 – BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)

# Intended Use:

The BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) is a qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with the BioCode MDx 3000 Instrument. The BioCode GPP is capable of the simultaneous detection and identification of nucleic acids from multiple bacteria, viruses, and parasites extracted directly from unpreserved stool samples or stool preserved in CaryBlair transport medium obtained from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of gastrointestinal infection. The following bacteria, parasites, and viruses are identified using the BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel:

Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli)   
Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B (Fresh samples only)   
Salmonella spp   
Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/ V. cholerae), including specific identification of Vibrio   
parahaemolyticus   
Yersinia enterocolitica   
Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli (EAEC)   
▪ Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) lt/st   
▪ E. coli O157 serogroup   
▪ Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2 Shigella/ Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC)   
▪ Cryptosporidium spp (C. parvum/C. hominis)   
▪ Entamoeba histolytica   
▪ Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)   
▪ Adenovirus F 40/41   
▪ Norovirus GI/GII   
▪ Rotavirus A

The BioCode GPP is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data.

Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BioCode GPP. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease. Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents. This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Adenovirus 40/41, Campylobacter, E. coli O157, Shigella/EIEC, Yersinia enterocolitica, and Giardia lamblia were established additionally with retrospective clinical specimens. Performance characteristics for Entamoeba histolytica, Giardia lamblia, Yersinia enterocolitica and Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and V. cholerae) were established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

# Device Description:

The BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) is a multiplexed nucleic acid-based test designed to be used with the BioCode MDx 3000 system. The BioCode MDx 3000 is an automated system that integrates PCR amplification, target capture, signal generation and optical detection for multiple gastrointestinal pathogens from a single stool specimen, either unpreserved or in Cary Blair. Stool specimens are processed and nucleic acids extracted with the easyMAG and MagNa Pure. Once the PCR plate is set up and sealed, all other operations are automated on MDx 3000. The BioCode MDx 3000 Gastrointestinal Infection Panel simultaneously tests for 17 pathogens (see table below) from unpreserved stool specimens or stool collected in Cary-Blair transport medium. Results from the BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP) test are available within less than 4 hours.

Bacteria, Viruses, Diarrheagenic E. coli/Shigella, and Parasites Detected by the BioCode MDx Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)   

<table><tr><td>Bacteria</td><td>Parasites</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter spp. (C. jejuni, C. coli) Clostridium difficile toxin A/B (Fresh samples only) Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)</td><td>Cryptosporidium spp. Entamoeba histolytica Giardia lamblia</td></tr><tr><td>Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC): LT/ST Shiga-toxin producing E. coli (STEC): stx1/stx2</td><td>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td>E.coli O157 Shigella spp. /Enteroinvasive E.coli (EIEC)</td><td>Adenovirus 40/41 Norovirus GI/GII</td></tr><tr><td>Salmonella spp. Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td>Rotavirus A</td></tr><tr><td>Vibrio spp (not parahaemolyticus) Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td>RNA Internal Control</td></tr></table>

# Device Comparison:

# Comparison of the Applied BioCode GPP with the Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel (GPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioCodeGastrointestinalPathogen Panel(GPP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CommonName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic acid-basedassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GastrointestinalMicroorganismMultiplex Nucleicacid-based assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K180041</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR 866.3990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21CFR 866.3990</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCH, 00I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCH, 00I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">identified using the BioCode Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel: Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli) Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B (Fresh samples only)</td></tr><tr><td>device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.</td><td>Salmonella spp Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/ V. cholerae), including specific identification of Vibrio parahaemolyticus Yersinia enterocolitica Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli (EAEC)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) It/st E. coli O157 serogroup Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2 Shigella/ Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) Cryptosporidium spp (C. parvum/C. hominis) Entamoeba histolytica</td></tr><tr><td>duodenalis) Adenovirus F 40/41 Norovirus GI/GII Rotavirus A Prescription Use Only. the definite cause of the disease. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non- infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease. Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents. This</td><td>Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. The BioCode GPP is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only. For Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BioCode GPP. The agent detected may not be</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic Acid Purification SystemBioCode MDx 3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved stool and stool in Cary Blair Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Externally Sourced - Zeptometrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiplex RT-PCR and probe hybridization to biotinylated PCRproduct(s) followed by fluorescence detection and decoding ofbarcoded magnetic beads (BMB) that are coupled to target-specific probes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Difference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleExtraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche MagNA Pure 96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>easyMAG</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Characteristics of the Biocode GPP.

# Clinical Performance

A clinical investigational study was performed in which a total of 466 leftover, de-identified samples (275 frozen unpreserved and 191 inoculated Cary-Blair) that were prospectively collected for the clinical study that resulted in the K180041 BioCode GPP clearance were extracted using the MagNA Pure 96 and the easyMAG, and tested on the MDx 3000 system. Fifty-three (53) freshly collected leftover samples were used for the C. difficile testing. In addition, a total of 120 samples were contrived and tested to determine the performance characteristics for Entamoeba histolytica, Yersinia enterocolitica and Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and V. cholerae). The results of the clinical investigational study follow.

Table. Demographic data for archived specimens (frozen unpreserved and inoculated Cary-Blair)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Specimen Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gender</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248/466 (53.22%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211/466 (45.28%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/466 (1.50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Age Category</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/466 (18.24%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91/466 (19.53%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194/466 (41.63%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/466 (19.10%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/466 (1.50%)</td></tr></table>

Table. Demographic data for fresh specimens (unpreserved)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fresh Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Specimen Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gender</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/53 (16.98%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/53 (83.02%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Age Category</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/53 (1.89%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/53 (9.43%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59 yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/53 (43.40%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+yrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/53 (45.28%)</td></tr></table>

Clinical sensitivity (positive agreement) was calculated as TP/ $( \mathsf { T P } + \mathsf { F N } )$ . ${ \mathsf { T P } } =$ true positive or positive by both the EasyMag and the MagNA Pure 96; $\mathsf { F N } =$ false negative or negative by the MagNA Pure 96 only. Clinical specificity (negative agreement) was calculated as TN/ $\left[ \mathsf { T N } + \mathsf { F P } \right)$ . TN $=$ true negative or negative by the EasyMag and the MagNA Pure 96; $\mathsf { F P } =$ false positive or positive by the MagNA Pure 96 only. The exact binomial two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval was calculated. The results stratified by sample type and storage method are presented in the table below.

Table. Performance compared to historical Reference results. Stratified by sample type and extraction method. $\mathtt { N } = 2 9 0$ samples. 1 Invalid for EasyMAG (Cary-Blair sample); 3 Invalid for MP96 (1 Cary-Blair, 2 Unpreserved).   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">EasyMAG</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MP96</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeAgrreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeAgreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Campylobacter spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135/140 (96%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134/140 (96%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139/145 (96%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135/143 (94%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274/285 (96%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/283 (95%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/12 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131/131 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/12 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131/131 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13(92%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131/133 (98%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13 (92%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127/131 (97%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/25(84%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">262/264 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/25 (84%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">258/262 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">E. coli 0157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141/142 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/1 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141/142 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144/146 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/144 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">285/288 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/1 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283/286 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Enteroaggregative E.coli (EAEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128/129 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/14 (93%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127/129 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/14(93%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131/132 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/14 (93%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130/131 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeAgreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27/28(96%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259/261 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26/28 (93%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">257/260 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Enterotoxigenic E. coli(ETEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/6 (50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137/137 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/6 (50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137/137 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/7 (86%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139/139 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/7 (86%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138/138 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/13 (69%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">276/276 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/13 (69%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275/275 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shiga toxin-producingE. coli (STEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/3 (33%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139/140 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/3 (33%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139/140 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144/146 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/144 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/3 (33%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283/286 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/3 (33%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281/284 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Salmonella spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/10 (80%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129/133 (97%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/10 (90%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126/133 (95%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132/136 (97%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10/10 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131/134 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18/20(90%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">261/269 (97%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/20 (95%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">257/267 (96%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shigella/ EIEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134/140 (96%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134/140 (96%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136/144 (94%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135/142 (95%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270/284 (95%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/282 (95%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/143 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/143 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145/146 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143/144 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287/289 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">285/287 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Vibrio spp. (notparahaemolyticus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143/143 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143/143 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146/146 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144/144 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">289/289 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287/287 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141/143 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141/143 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146/146 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144/144 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287/289 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">285/287 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/4 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139/139 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/4 (50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139/139 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/4 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/142 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/4 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140/140 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/8 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281/281 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/8 (63%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279/279 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143/143 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143/143 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146/146 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144/144 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">289/289 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0 (N/A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287/287 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Giardia lamblia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141/142 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141/142 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/145 (98%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140/143 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283/287 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281/285 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Adenovirus 40/41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/2 (50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142/142 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/2 (50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138/141 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/6 (83%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137/140 (98%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/6 (83%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134/138 (97%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/8 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279/282 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/8 (75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">272/279 (97%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Norovirus (GI/GII)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124/124 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122/124 (98%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125/127 (98%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124/125 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38/38(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">249/251 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38/38 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">246/249 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Rotavirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/11(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130/132 (98%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/11 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132/133 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/9 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135/137 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/9 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130/135 (96%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">264/269 (99%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/20 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">262/268 (98%)</td></tr></table>

Footnotes $[ \mathsf { D } =$ Detected, $\mathsf { N } =$ Not Detected)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HistoricalResults(K180041)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MP96Extraction(K190585)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioCodeGPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>easyMAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Campylobacterspp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ren asy ultue o s nsiv R/q C.eu ut on  ;concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq not detected, concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq not detected, concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HistoricalResults(K180041)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MP96Extraction(K190585)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioCodeGPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>easy MAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MP96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/Seq C. jejuni; MP96 concordantwith historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; se repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; se repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReferenceCt beyond cut-off (38.7); cncordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Ct beyond cut-off with ref (38.3); concordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lat C with f (36.) tested fresh, low posiive; e repeat results for dditnalinformations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03 53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>La C with f (36.) tested fresh low posiive; e repeat results for dditnalinformations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; ee repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Ct with ref (36.6) tested fresh; concordant with historical GPP Result (frozen)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late Ct with ref (36.6) tested fresh; concordant with historical GPP Result (fresh)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LaCwi .oz p g</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>E. coli 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq O157; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-00082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq O157; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq O157; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible sample degradation; current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>La  with  (37.)on peat stg;cn wi isoial G Relt</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible low positive; se repeat results fo additional nformation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible low positive; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference result could not be confirmed by 2 additional rounds of PCR/Seq;concordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>EnterotoxigenicE. coli (ETEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference result could not be confirmed by 2 additional rounds of PCR/Seq;concordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>La  (5.) Referen esult could ot be nmed by  ditial uns PCR/Seq; concordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference result could not be confirmed by 2 additional rounds of CR/Seq;concordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lat Ct (37.8) with ref tested fresh; possible sample degradation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0091</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq S.enterica; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HistoricalResults(K180041)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MP96Extraction(K190585)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioCodeGPP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>easyMAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MB </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possbe Contmnation; se epeat sults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Seep ul inal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible sample degradation;current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refenc assy (ulture) ot as ensive, CR/seq S.enterica;conrdant whhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possble Contamination;ee epeat results oradditional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-01166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refenc assy (ulture) ot as ensive, CR/seq S.enterica;conrdant whhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, CR/seq S.enterica; concordant whistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0173 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq S.yphi; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, CR/seq S.enterica; concordant wihhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq S.typhi; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Shiga toxin-producing E. coli(STEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq STEC; concordant with historicalGPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refeenc assay (ulture) ot as sensitive, CR/seq STEC; conordant with hisialGP  result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-03993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, CR/seq STEC; concordant with hsticalGPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible sample degradation;current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Shigella/EIEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq Shigella spp; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00 020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refeenc assy (ulture) ot as ensive, CR/eq Shigella s; concordant wihhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Renc asy (ulture) o  ensive, R/ Shiella ; conodant historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (ulture) ot as ensiive, CR/seq Shigella sp; concordant wihhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) ot as sensitive, CR/seq Shigell sp;concordant wihhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq Shigella spp; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>  historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03-0238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq Shigella spp; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">HistoricalResults(K180041)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MP96Extraction(K19058)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioCodeGPP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">easyMAG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MP96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0380</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq Shigella spp; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Posible ow positive;e epeat results orddtinal inforaion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">VibrioparahaemolyticuS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq V.parahaemolyticus; concordantwith historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0351</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq V.parahaemolyticus; concordantwith historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0024</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq V.parahaemolyticus; concordantwith historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (culture) not as sensitive, PCR/seq not detected; concordant withhistorical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptosporidiumparvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possble sample degradation;current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O285 55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possble sample degradation;current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Giardiaintestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (PCR/Seq) not as sensitive; concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0258</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference assay (PCR/Seq) not as sensitive; concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrence assay (PCR/Seq) not as sensitive; concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="11">Humanadenovirus40/41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results or additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">016 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0379</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0391</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference result could not be confirmed by 2 additional rounds of CR/Seq;concordant with historical GPP Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0147</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible sample degradation; current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Norovirus GI/GIl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O04 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0036</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low positive based on MFI (3150)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0376</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low positive based on MFI (1265)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0394</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low positive based on MFI (2249)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human rotavirusA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current testing concordant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">HistoricalResults(K180041)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MP96Extraction(K190585)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioCodeGPP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">easyMAG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MP96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0337</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concordant with historical GPP result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">02-0246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible low positive; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0098</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible low positive; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">01-0202</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination/low positive; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">03-0400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Possible Contamination; see repeat results for additional information</td></tr></table>

# Comparator (Reference) methods from BioCode GPP original submission Target Pathogen/Toxin

Adenovirus 40/41   
Campylobacter (C. jejuni, C. coli)   
Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/B   
Cryptosporidium (C. parvum, C. hominis)   
Entamoeba histolytica   
Escherichia coli (E. coli) O157   
Enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC)   
Enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) LT/ST   
Enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC)   
Giardia lamblia /intestinalis   
Norovirus GI/GII   
Rotavirus A   
Salmonella   
Shiga-like Toxin producing E. coli (STEC) stx1/stx2   
Shigella (S. boydii, S. sonnei, S. flexneri, S. dysenteriae)/EIEC   
Vibrio spp. (V. cholerae, V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus)   
Yersinia enterocolitica

# Reference Method

Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Culture   
FDA cleared NAT   
PCR/sequencing   
PCR/sequencing   
Enrichment culture   
Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Composite result of PCR/sequencing   
Enrichment culture   
Enrichment culture/cleared antigen test   
Enrichment culture   
Culture   
Culture

Table. Summary of Clinical Investigational Study Results (Archived Specimens) stratified by sample type and storage   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Campylobacterspp.a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/23 (95.65)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.0 - 99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164/167 (98.20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9 - 99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/27 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244/247 (98.80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5 - 99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50 (98.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5- 99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408/414 (98.60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9 - 99.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficileb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/11 (90.91)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3 - 98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178/179 (99.44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/22 (95.45)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.2 - 99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250/252 (99.20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2 - 99.8</td></tr></table>

Premarket Notification 510(k)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">(n)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Positive Agreement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/33 (93.94)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.4 - 98.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">428/431 (99.30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">E. coli 0157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.9 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187/187 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UnpreservedFrozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.5 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">260/260 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17/17 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.6 -100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">447/447 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1 -100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">EnteroaggregativeE. coli (EAEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/17 (88.24)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.7 - 96.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171/173 (98.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved FFrozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.3 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244/245 (99.59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.7 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/46 (95.65)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.5 - 98.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">416/418 (99.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 -99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">EnterotoxigenicE. coli (ETEC) d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/5 (60.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.1 - 88.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">185/185 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UnpreservedFrozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13/13 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.2 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">261/261 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/18 (88.89)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.2-96.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">446/446 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shiga toxin-producing E. coli(STEC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13 (92.31)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7- 98.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177/177 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.9 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UnpreservedFrozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/30 (96.67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.3- 99.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243/244 (99.60)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.7-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41/43 (95.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.5-98.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">420/421 (99.80)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.7 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Salmonella spp.f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17/17 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.6 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">169/173 (97.70)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.2 - 99.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/27 (92.59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.6-97.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">246/247 (99.60)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.7-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42/44 (95.45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84.9-98.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">415/420 (98.80)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.2-99.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shigella/ EIEC </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9/9 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.1 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">181/181 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.9 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved FFrozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20/22 (90.91)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.2-97.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">252/252 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.5 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/31 (93.55)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.3-98.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">433/433 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Vibrioparahaemolyticus h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189/189 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved FFrozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">272/273 (99.6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/2 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">461/462 (99.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Vibrio spp. (notparahaemolyticus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190/190 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/1 (0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273/274 (99.6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 99.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/1 (0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">463/464 (99.8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Yersiniaenterocolitica </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.9 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187/187 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.9 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/271 (99.26)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.3 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/6 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.0 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">456/458 (99.6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.4- 99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptosporidiumspp. k</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/12 (91.67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.6 - 98.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">178/178 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.9 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22/24 (91.67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.2 - 97.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248/250 (99.20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.1-99.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33/36 (91.67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.2 - 97.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">426/428 (99.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Entamoebahistolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190/190 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274/274 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464/464 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Giardia lamblia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.90 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187/187 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.0 - 100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.5 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">255/260 (98.1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.6 - 99.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17/17 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.6 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">442/447 (98.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.4- 99.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Adenovirus 40/41 m</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/10 (70.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.7 - 89.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177/180 (98.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2- 99.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11/14 (78.60)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4 -92.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">252/260 (96.90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.0 - 98.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/24 (87.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.0 - 95.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">429/440 (97.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.6-98.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Norovirus(GI/GIi) n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19/19 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.2 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168/171 (98.20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0 - 99.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/22 (95.45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.2 - 99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248/252 (98.40)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.0 - 99.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37/41 (90.24)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.5- 96.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">416/423 (98.3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.6 - 99.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Rotavirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12/13 (92.31)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7 - 98.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">176/177 (99.44)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.9 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15 (100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.6 - 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">255/259 (98.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.1 - 99.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All Archived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27/28 (96.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.3 - 99.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">431/436 (98.9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.3- 99.5</td></tr></table>

Sixty-four (64) archived samples with discordant results were retested twice with both easyMag and/or MagNA Pure 96 systems.

a - Campylobacter spp. One (1) false negative retested became true positive. Of the 5 false positives retested, 2 were true negative, one became true positive, two remained false positive. One false positive not retested due to insufficient volume to retest.

b - Clostridium difficile: Of the 2 false negatives retested, 1 became true positive, the other one was true negative. Of the 3 false positives retested, 2 were true negative and 1 was true positive.

c - EAEC: Of the 2 false negatives retested, 1 was false positive and 1 remained false negative. Of the 3 false positives retested, 2 were true negative and 1 was true positive.

d - ETEC: Two (2) false negatives tested were true negative.

e - STEC: Of 3 false positives retested, 2 were true positive and 1 was true negative.

f - Salmonella spp. Of the 2 false negatives retested, one was false positive and the other one was true negative. Of the 5 false positives retested, 4 were true negative and 1 was true positive.

g - Shigella/EIEC: Of the 2 false negatives retested, 1 was true positive and the other remained false negative.

i - Vibrio spp. The 1 false negative retested remained false negative. Detected as Vibrio parahaemolyticus by MP96.

k - Cryptosporidium spp: Of the 3 false negatives retested, 1 was true negative and 2 were false negative. The 2 false positives retested remained false positive.

l - Giardia lamblia: Of the 5 false positives retested, 1 became true positive, 2 were true negative. The remaining 2 were not retested due insufficient volume to retest.   
m- Adenovirus 40/41: All 6 false negatives retested were true negatives. Of the 11 false positives, 9 were retested and became true negative, and the remaining 2 were not retested due insufficient volume to retest.   
n - Norovirus G1/G2: The 1 false negative retested was true negative. Of the 7 false positives retested, 6 were true negative and one became true positive.   
o - Rotavirus: The 1 false negative retested was true negative. Of the 5 false positives retested, 1 was true positive, 3 were true negative, and 1 remained false positive.

Table. Results of Reflex Testing of Invalid Samples (Archived Samples)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Original Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflex TestingResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Internal Control(MS2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Valid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01-0073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InoculatedCary-Blair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MagNAPure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MagNaPure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02-0228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Valid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mayo-G1_124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MagNAPure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Valid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valid</td></tr></table>

Note. Five (5) archived samples were invalid. After relflex testing, two samples (1 inoculated Cary-Blair and 1 unpreserved) were still invalid.

Table. Summary of Clinical Investigational Study Results of Fresh Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/22 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E.coli (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EnterotoxigenicE. coli (ETEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga toxin-producingE. coli (STEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/46 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella/ EIEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/46 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio spp. (notparahaemolyticus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr></table>

Premarket Notification 510(k)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia lamblial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus(GI/GII)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/46 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3- 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Fresh)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/47(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100</td></tr></table>

Note. Fifty-three (53) fresh unpreserved samples were tested. The Internal Control (MS2) result of the 5 C. difficile positives and 1 C. difficile negative were invalid. Therefore, one sample for C. difficile target was invalid. For the remaining targets, 6 samples were invalid.

Table. Summary of Contrived Specimen Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30 (93.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.7- 98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9- 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio spp. (notparahaemolyticus) b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/29 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/89 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9- 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/88 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6- 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/88 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All other targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved(Frozen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/118 (100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8 - 100</td></tr></table>

Note. One hundred twenty (120) contrived samples were tested. a The Internal control (MS2) result of one of the Vibrio parahaemolyticus positives was invalid. b One (1) of the Vibrio spp. positives was negative and invalid (IC negative) with both the easyMag and the MagNA Pure 96.

Table. Clinical Co-infection Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Co-infection summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+1 Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246/466 (52.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+2 Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/466 (16.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+3 Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/466 (2.8%)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Performance

The results of the analytical studies summarized in the following paragraphs met the acceptance criteria and successfully demonstrated the analytical performance characteristics of the proposed BioCode GPP using the MagNA Pure 96 extraction system.

# REPRODUCIBILITY STUDY

A study was performed to assess the Reproducibility of the BioCode GPP using samples extracted with the MagNA Pure 96. This study was designed to assess intra-assay (within run), Inter-assay (run-to-run), day-to-day and instrument-to-instrument (operator-to-operator) reproducibility. One lot of reagents was assayed at Applied BioCode on 3 instruments by 3 operators, 2 runs per day per operator for 5 days (total of 30 runs). The reproducibility panel consisted of 7 contrived samples (sample 7 a negative control) extracted in triplicate and each assayed in singlet. The samples consisted of combinations of 12 representative targets at 1.5x LoD (Low) and 3x LoD (Medium). Reproducibility was $> 9 9 \%$ .

All results are as expected with the exception of two false negative results for Cryptosporidium parvum (one low positive and one medium positive).

Table. Reproducibility of BioCode GPP with MP96 extractions- Qualitative results.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TargetProbe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ExpectedResults</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument1- Operator 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument2- Operator 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument3- Operator 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AllInstruments/Operators</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Campylobacterjejuni spp. jejuniATCC 33292</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Campy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD1.05 x 10³3 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD5.25 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Clostridiumdifficile(toxinotype III;Nap1)Zeptometrix0801619cf</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">tcdB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD1.25 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD6.23 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">EnteroaggregativeE. coli O92:H33(EAEC)STEC TW04440</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">EAEC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD2.10 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD1.05 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TargetProbe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ExpectedResults</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">% Agreement </td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument1- Operator 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument2- Operator 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument3- Operator 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AllInstruments/Operators</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Enterotoxigenic E.coli 078:H11H10407 (ETEC)ATCC 35401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ST-1a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD8.40 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD4.20 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Salmonellaenterica ssp.entericaATCC 14028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Salm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD3.30 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD1.65 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shiga-like toxinproducing E. coli(STEC)ATCC BAA-2217</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">stx2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD3.75 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD1.88 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shigella sonneiATCC 29930</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Shig</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD6.60 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD3.30 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VibrioparahaemolyticusATCC 17802</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">V.para</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD1.95 x10‡ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TargetProbe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ExpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 Agreement w</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument1- Operator 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument2- Operator 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument3- Operator 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AllInstruments/Operators</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD9.75x10° CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">YersiniaenterocoliticaATCC 23715</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Y.ent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD2.25 x10³3 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD1.13 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(00%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptosporidiumparvumwaterborne P102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Crypto</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD9.30 x 10³ oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/30(97%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/90 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD4.65 x 10³ oocysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/30(97%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/90 (99%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Giardia intestinalis(aka G. lamblia)waterborne P101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">G.lam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD2.70 x 10³ cysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD1.35 x 10³ cysts/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450/450(100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">RotavirusATCC VR-2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rota</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Positive 3xLoD3.75 x 10³ TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Positive 1.5xLoD1.88 x 10² TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30(100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument1- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument2- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument3- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AllInstruments/Operators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150/150(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150/150(10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150/150(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450/450(100%)</td></tr></table>

Table. Reproducibility of BioCode GPP with MP96 extractions- Quantitative results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Instrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>MFI Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Campylobacterjejuni spp. jejuniATCC 33292</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Campy</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD1.05 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29801</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2652</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2714</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28822</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33021</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD5.25 x 102CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30367</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31649</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10566</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30156</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10566</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31649</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile(toxinotype III;Nap1)Zeptometrix0801619cf</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>tcdB</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD1.25 x 10³CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31505</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2838</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27598</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32047</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD6.23 x 10²CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27552</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27461</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20902</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15608</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27662</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27662</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E. coli092:H33 (EAEC)STEC TW04440</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>EAEC</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD2.10 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33694</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34967</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28489</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18787</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34967</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD1.05 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31716</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3630</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32890</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22836</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3734</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32890</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>EnterotoxigenicE. coli O78:H11H10407 (ETEC)ATCC 35401</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>ST-1a</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD8.40 x 10²CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35769</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38306</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34358</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42656</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35493</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32952</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42656</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD4.20 x 10²CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32795</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28536</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36716</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35644</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2765</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36716</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18918</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Instrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>MFI Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Salmonellaenterica ssp.entericaATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD3.30 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18489</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19184</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD1.65 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19682</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19674</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19682</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Shiga-like toxinproducing E. coli(STEC)ATCC BAA-2217</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>stx2</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD3.75 x 10³CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30023</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1515</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD1.88 x103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1547</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23914</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30339</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34121</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29403</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34121</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Shigella sonneiATCC 29930</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Shig</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD6.60 x 102CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17531</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19469</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3781</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21561</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2697</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21561</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD3.30 x 102CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13919</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1862</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17022</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16434</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12832</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17489</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17489</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus ATCC 17802</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>V.para</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD1.95 x101CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23605</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29798</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2821</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22789</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3739</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29798</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD9.75x100CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26762</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6067</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23597</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18964</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>YersiniaenterocoliticaATCC 23715</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Y.ent</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD2.25 x103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17892</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1786</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17893</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD1.13 x103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14741</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1694</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11853</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19628</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20765</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2253</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19994</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20765</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Instrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>MFI Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StDev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvumwaterborneP102</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Crypto</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD9.30 x 103oocysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4323</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9904</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28443</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28678</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C4- Operator 3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26611</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4873</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5669</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28678</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD4.65 x 10³oocysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15402</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22933</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C4- Operator 3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18053</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Giardiaintestinalis (akaG. lamblia)waterborneP101</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>G.lam</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD2.70 x 103cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7696</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30050</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21743</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31538</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16963</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11527</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25036</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Instrument/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7696</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31538</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD1.35 x 103cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25626</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24751</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31282</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19821</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3772</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25949</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31282</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>RotavirusATCC VR-2018</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Rota</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ModeratePositive3xLoD3.75 x 10³TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35835</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44023</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44274</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38361</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44274</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Low Positive1.5xLoD1.88 x 10²TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C2- Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36515</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40941</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C3- Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41547</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C4- Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31925</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Instruments/Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34917</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4628</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41547</td></tr></table>

\*The one replicate with ‘Not detected’ result was not included in the calculations.

# SINGLE VS. MULTI-SPIKE

To demonstrate that the LoD is equivalent when spiking with single versus multiple organisms, LoD for representative organisms (S. enterica, C. difficile, G. lamblia, and Rotavirus) were performed as single targets and with all representative organisms combined, using both extraction systems. The results of spiking single versus multiple organisms showed equivalent LoD (see Table below). LoD for the remaining organisms were performed in pairs, except for norovirus which was tested from positive clinical specimens.

Single and multi-spiked samples both achieved $2 9 5 \%$ detection of 20 replicates ${ \tt 2 1 9 }$ out of 20) at same concentrations for the challenge organisms (concentrations indicated in the tables below).

Table. Comparison of results for limit of detection testing with single or multiple spiked samples for easyMAG extractions assayed with BioCode GPP.

Premarket Notification 510(k)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike/MultipleSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnpreservedStool LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved StoolDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair StoolLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-BlairStoolDetection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile(toxinotype 0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tcdB</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.50 x 101CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.50 x 101CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonellaenterica ssp.enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salm</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.10 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.10 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Giardiaintestinalis(aka G. lamblia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>waterborneP101</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>G.lam</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.00 x 10²cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.00 x 102cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2018</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rota</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.50 x 103TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.25 x 103TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

Table. Comparison of results for limit of detection testing with single or multiple spiked samples for MP96 extractions assayed with BioCode GPP.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike/MultipleSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnpreservedStool LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved StoolDetection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair StoolLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-BlairStoolDetection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Clostridiumdifficile(toxinotype 0 )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tcdB</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.50 x 101CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.50 x 101CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salmonellaenterica ssp.enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Salm</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.10 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.10 x 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Giardiaintestinalis(aka G. lamblia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>waterborneP101</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>G.lam</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.00 x 102cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>9.00 x 102cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SingleSpike</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2018</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rota</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.25 x 103TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.25 x 103TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MultiSpike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

# LIMIT OF DETECTION (LoD)

A study was performed to assess the performance of the BioCode GPP on the BioCode MDx 3000 at the Limit of Detection (LoD) for both unpreserved Stool and Cary-Blair specimens. In this study the GI Panel was tested with quantified bacteria, virus or parasite stocks (except norovirus which used clinical samples). For initial screening, four replicates of each concentration (near LoD for the predicate) in negative stool and Cary-Blair were extracted on the easyMAG and MagNA Pure 96 Systems and tested in singlet with the BioCode GPP on the BioCode MDx 3000 system. The LoD was confirmed by extracting 20 replicates of each sample type/extraction method and testing each in singlet for a total of 20 replicates at or near presumptive LoD. LoD for each stock was defined as the lowest concentration with $2 9 5 \%$ detection of 20 replicates (19 out of 20), and was determined separately unpreserved stool and Cary-Blair preserved stool. The LoDs determined from the quantitated stocks or clinical samples are presented below and in the labeling. The LoDs were the same or within 2-fold for each extraction system.

Table. Comparison of results for limit of detection testing for Unpreserved Stool extracted with the easyMAG or MP96 and assayed with BioCode GPP.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MagNA Pure 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved StoolLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved StoolLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejunispp. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile(toxinotype 0 )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.50 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.50 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile(toxinotype III; Nap1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix0801619cf</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E.coli O92:H33 (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC TW04440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroinvasive E. coli029:NM (EIEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterotoxigenic E. coli078:H11 H10407(ETEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SGSC 4900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40 x 10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella entericassp. enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 x 10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga-like toxinproducing E. coli (STEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x 10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli 0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65 x 10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 17802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.50 x 10° CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.50 x10° CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MagNA Pure 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved StoolLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved StoolLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50 x 10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumparvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>waterborneP102C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10 x 10³ oocysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10 x10³ oocysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolyticaHB-301:NIH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55 x 10-1 cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55 x10-1 cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis (akaG. lamblia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>waterborneP101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00 x 10² cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00 x10² cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40 (dugan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix0810084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 x 10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41 (TAK)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix0810085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4 x 10-2 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70 x10-2 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 x 103 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x10³3 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

Table. Comparison of results for limit of detection testing for Cary-Blair Stool extracted with the easyMAG or MP96 and assayed with BioCode GPP.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MagNA Pure 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair Stool LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair Stool LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.61 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejunispp. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile(toxinotype 0 )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.50 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.50 x 101 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile(toxinotype III; Nap1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix0801619cf</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroaggregative E.coli O92:H33 (EAEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STEC TW04440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enteroinvasive E. coli029:NM (EIEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterotoxigenic E. coli078:H11 H10407(ETEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella bongori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SGSC 4900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella entericassp. enterica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 x10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shiga-like toxinproducing E. coli (STEC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-2217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x10³3 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli O157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65 x10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MagNA Pure 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair Stool LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair Stool LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 29930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholerae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 25870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.45 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 17802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.50 x10° CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.50 x10° CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 23715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50 x10² CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidiumparvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>waterborneP102C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10 x10³3 oocysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.10 x10³ oocysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolyticaHB-301:NIH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BEI NR-178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55 x10-1 cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55 x10-1 cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis (akaG. lamblia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>waterborneP101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00 x10² cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00 x10² cysts/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 40 (dugan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix0810084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00 x10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 x10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 41 (TAK)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix0810085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70 x10-2 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70 x10-2 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC VR-2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x103 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 x103 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

For Norovirus GI and GII targets, positive clinical specimens were used, and serial dilutions (initial 10-fold dilution series followed by finer dilutions) were performed. Four replicates of each dilution in negative unpreserved stool and Cary-Blair stool were extracted with the easyMAG and MagNA Pure 96 Systems and tested with the BioCode GPP on the BioCode MDx 3000 system. The LoD was confirmed by extracting 20 replicates of each sample type with each extraction method and testing at or near presumptive LoD. For unpreserved stool, LoD with the easyMag extraction was 2-fold and 8.3-fold lower than the MagNA Pure 96 extraction for Norovirus GI and Norovirus GII, respectively. For Cary-Blair stool, LoD with the easyMag extraction was less than 2-fold lower than the MagNA Pure 96 extraction for both Norovirus GI and GII.

Table. Norovirus - Comparison of results for limit of detection testing for Unpreserved Stool extracted with the easyMAG or MP96 and assayed with BioCode GPP.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MagNA Pure 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnpreservedStool Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnpreservedStool Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Gl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample ID#60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoVG1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:5,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GIl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample ID#54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoVG2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:30,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

Table. Norovirus - Comparison of results for limit of detection testing for Cary-Blair Stool extracted with the easyMAG or MP96 and assayed with BioCode GPP.

Premarket Notification 510(k)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TargetProbe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EasyMag</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MagNA Pure 96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-BlairStool Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-BlairStool Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Gl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample ID#60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoVG1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:80,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus Gll</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sample ID#54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NoVG2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:80,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The intended use and fundamental scientific technology of the BioCode GPP using the MagNA Pure 96 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Clinical and non-clinical studies have established that the BioCode GPP with the MagNA Pure 96 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.