# February 18, 2020

Access Bio, Inc.   
Jongrak Kim   
Department General Manager, Regulatory Affairs 65 Clyde Road, Suite A.   
Somerset, New Jersey 08873

Re: K191514 Trade/Device Name: CareStart Flu A&B Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3328 Regulation Name: Influenza Virus Antigen Detection Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSZ Dated: Nov 20, 2019 Received: Nov 21, 2019

Dear Jongrak Kim:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Steven Gitterman, M.D., Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus is an in vitro rapid immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of influenza virus type A and B nucleoprotein antigens directly from nasopharyngeal swab specimens of symptomatic patients.

The test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acute influenza type A and B viral infections. This test is intended to distinguish between influenza type A and/or B virus in a single test. This test is not intended to detect influenza type C viral antigens. Negative test results are presumptive and should be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infections and should not be used as the basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A and B were established during the 2018-2019 influenza season when influenza A/H3N2, A/H1N1pdm09, and B/Victoria were the predominant influenza viruses in circulation. When other influenza viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to received and culture specimens.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5. 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K191514

# 5.1. Submitter

Company Name: Access Bio Incorporate Address: 65 Clyde Road, Suite A, Somerset, NJ 08873   
- Phone Number: 1-732-873-4040   
- Fax Number: 1-732-873-4043 FDA Registration Number: 3003966368

# 5.2. Contact Person

Jongrak Kim / Manager, Regulatory Affairs Division Sang Joon Han / Manager, Research and Development Division

# 5.3. Device Information

Trade Name: Common Name: Device Class: Classification Name: Product Code:

CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus   
Influenza virus antigen detection test system   
Class II under 21 CFR 866.3328   
Devices Detecting Influenza A and B Virus   
Antigens   
PSZ

# 5.4. Predicate Device

Device Name: 510(k) Number: Manufacturer:

BD VeritorTM System for Rapid Detection of Flu A   
$+ \textsf { B }$ CLIA waived Kit   
K180438   
Becton, Dickinson and Company

# 5.5. Device Description

The CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus test is an immunochromatographic assay for detection of extracted influenza type A and B virus nucleoprotein antigens in nasopharyngeal specimens.

Nasopharyngeal swabs require a sample preparation step in which the sample is eluted and washed off into the extraction buffer solution. Extracted swab sample is added to the sample well of the test device to initiate the test. When the swab sample migrates in the test strip, influenza A or B viral antigens bind to anti-influenza antibodies conjugated to indicator particles in the test strip forming an immune complex. The immune complex is then captured by each test line and control line on the membrane as it migrates through the strip.

Test results are interpreted at 10 minutes. The presence of two colored lines, a purplecolored line in the control region “C” and a red-colored line in the influenza A test region “A”, indicates influenza A positive. The presence of two colored lines, a purplecolored line in the control region “C” and a blue-colored line in the influenza B test region “B”, indicates influenza B positive. The presence of three colored lines, a purple-colored line in the control region “C”, a red-colored line in the influenza A test region “A”, and a blue-colored line in the influenza B test region “B indicates, influenza A and B dual positive result. The absence of a line on both influenza A and B test regions with a purple-colored line in the control region “C” indicates negative. No appearance of purple-colored line in the control region “C” indicates invalid test.

# 5.6. Intended Use / Indications for Use

The CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus is an in vitro rapid immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative detection of influenza virus type A and B nucleoprotein antigens directly from nasopharyngeal swab specimens of symptomatic patients.

The test is intended for use as an aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of acute influenza type A and B viral infections. This test is intended to distinguish between influenza type A and/or B virus in a single test. This test is not intended to detect influenza type C viral antigens. Negative test results are presumptive and should be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative results do not preclude influenza virus infections and should not be used as the basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A and B were established during the 2018- 2019 influenza season when influenza A/H3N2, A/H1N1pdm09, and B/Victoria were the predominant influenza viruses in circulation. When other influenza viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to the state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to received and culture specimens.

# 5.7. Product Contents

<table><tr><td>Contents Name</td><td>Quantity (in a kit)</td><td>Description</td></tr><tr><td>Test device</td><td>20 each</td><td>Foil pouched test device containing one test strip which is encased on plastic device</td></tr><tr><td>Extraction vial / cap</td><td>20 vials and caps</td><td>cassette. The extraction vial contains 400 µL extraction buffer solution.</td></tr><tr><td>Nasopharyngeal swab</td><td>20 each</td><td>Swab for nasopharyngeal specimen collection.</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A positive control swab</td><td>1 each</td><td>Influenza A positive and influenza B negative external control swab. Inactivated influenza A antigen is dried on the</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B positive control swab</td><td>1 each</td><td>tip of the swab. Influenza A negative and influenza B positive external control swab. Inactivated influenza B antigen is dried on the tip of the swab.</td></tr></table>

Influenza Negative 1 each Influenza A negative and influenza B control swab negative external control swab.

Inactivated Group A, Streptococcus is dried on the tip of the swab.

Package insert 1 each Instructions for use Quick Reference 1 each Quick reference instructions

The following materials are needed but not provided:

 Pair of gloves  Timer / Pen  Biohazard or sharps container

# 5.8. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor™M Systemfor Rapid Detection of Flu A+B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CareStart™ Flu A&amp;B Plus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K180438</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K191514</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3328</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza virus antigen detectiontest system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulatoryClass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B nucleoproteinantigens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD VeritorT™M Systemfor Rapid Detection of Flu A+B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CareStart™M Flu A&amp;B Plus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD Veritor T System for RapidDetection of Flu A+B CLIA waivedassay is a rapid chromatographicimmunoassay for the direct andqualitative detection of influenza Aand B viral nucleoprotein antigensfrom nasal and nasopharyngealswabs of symptomatic patients. TheBD Veritor ™ System for RapidDetection of Flu A+B (also referredto as the BD Veritor ™M System andBD Veritor ™M System Flu A+B) is adifferentiated test, such thatinfluenza A viral antigens can bedistinguished from influenza B viralantigens from a single processedsample using a single device. Thetest is to be used as an aid in thediagnosis of influenza A and B viralinfections. A negative test ispresumptive and it is recommendedthat these results be confirmed byviral culture or an FDA-clearedinfluenza A and B molecular assay.Outside the U.S., a negative test ispresumptive and it is recommendedthat these results be confirmed byviral culture or a molecular assaycleared for diagnostic use in thecountry of use. FDA has not clearedthis device for use outside of theU.S. Negative test results do notpreclude influenza viral infectionand should not be used as the solebasis for treatment or other patientmanagement decisions. The test isnot intended to detect influenza Cantigens.Performance characteristics forinfluenza A and B were establishedduring January through March of2011 when influenza viruses A/2009H1N1, A/H3N2, B/Victoria lineage,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CareStart™ Flu A&amp;B Plus is anin vitro rapidimmunochromatographic assay forthe qualitative detection of influenzavirus type A and B nucleoproteinantigens directly fromnasopharyngeal swab specimens ofsymptomatic patients.The test is intended for use as anaid in the rapid differential diagnosisof acute influenza type A and B viralinfections. This test is intended todistinguish between influenza typeA and/or B virus in a single test.This test is not intended to detectinfluenza type C viral antigens.Negative test results arepresumptive and should beconfirmed by viral culture or anFDA-cleared influenza A and Bmolecular assay. Negative resultsdo not preclude influenza virusinfections and should not be usedas the basis for treatment or otherpatient management decisions.Performance characteristics forinfluenza A and B were establishedduring the 2018-2019 influenzaseason when influenza A/H3N2,A/H1N1pdm09, and B/Victoria werethe predominant influenza viruses incirculation. When other influenzaviruses are emerging, performancecharacteristics may vary.If infection with a novel influenzavirus is suspected based on currentclinical and epidemiologicalscreening criteria recommended bypublic health authorities, specimensshould be collected with appropriateinfection control precautions for</td></tr></table>

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor™M Systemfor Rapid Detection of Flu A+B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CareStart™ Flu A&amp;B Plus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>and B/Yamagata lineage were thepredominant influenza viruses incirculation according to theMorbidity and Mortality WeeklyReport from the CDC entitledUpdate: Influenza Activity—UnitedStates, 2010-2011 Season, andComposition of the 2011-2012Influenza Vaccine.&quot; Performancecharacteristics may vary againstother emerging influenza viruses.If infection with a novel influenzavirus is suspected based on currentclinical and epidemiologicalscreening criteria recommended bypublic health authorities, specimensshould be collected with appropriateinfection control precautions fornovel virulent influenza viruses andsent to the state or local healthdepartment for testing. Virus cultureshould not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to receive and culturespecimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>novel virulent influenza viruses andsent to the state or local healthdepartment for testing. Viral cultureshould not be attempted in thesecases unless a BSL 3+ facility isavailable to received and culturespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimens Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal andnasal swabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal swabs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor™ System Reader</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Veritor™M Systemfor Rapid Detection of Flu A+B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CareStart™ Flu A&amp;B Plus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionFormat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An optoelectronic instrumentevaluates the line signal intensitiesat each of the spatially defined testand control line positions, interpretsthe results using a scoringalgorithm, and reports a positive,negative, or invalid result on theLCD screen based on pre-setthresholds.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual determination of presence orabsence of colored line indicatorsfor the test line and control line onthe test strip indicate the presenceof influenza A and/or B antigen.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intendedenvironment foruse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription use and CLIA waived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageCondition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-30 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Flu A+/B- dry swab proceduralcontrolKit Flu B+/A- dry swab proceduralcontrolInternal positive controlInternal negative control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A positive control swabInfluenza B positive control swabInfluenza negative control swabInternal positive control</td></tr></table>

# 5.9. Summary of Performance

To verify and validate the device performance and characteristics, the following studies were conducted.

# 5.9.1. Analytical Sensitivity: Limit of Detection (LoD)

To determine the Limit of Detection (LoD) of CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus, four influenza A virus with two common currently or recently circulating influenza A subtypes (i.e.,

H3N2, H1N1 pdm09) and four influenza B virus with two genetic lineages (i.e., Victoria lineage and Yamagata lineage) were tested in this study.

In this study, each influenza virus strain of the panel was serially diluted to the concentration at which at least one negative result was obtained from replicate testing. The estimated LoD for each virus strain was confirmed by testing twenty replicates. The results presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Influenza Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LoD(EID5o/ml)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Reactive (No. ofpositive / Total No. ofReplicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type/Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 x 105.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A (H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/07/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Michigan/45/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 x 104.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B (Victoria lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 x 105.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% (19/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Colorado/06/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B (Yamagataineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 x 104.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 105.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)</td></tr></table>

$E I D _ { 5 0 } = 5 0 \%$ Egg Infectious Dose

# 5.9.2. Analytical Sensitivity: Reactivity (Inclusivity)

To determine the detectability of CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus, fifteen strains of influenza A virus representing each of three common currently or recently circulating influenza A subtypes (i.e., H3N2, H3N2v, and H1N1 pdm09) and ten strains of influenza B virus representing each of two influenza B genetic lineages (i.e., Yamagata lineage and Victoria lineage) were tested in this study.

In this study, each influenza virus strain of the panel was serially diluted to the concentration at which at least one negative result was obtained from replicate testing. All viruses were detected in all three replicates at the concentrations shown below.

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Influenza Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lowest Concentrationdetected byCareStart™M Flu A&amp;BPlus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test Results(# of positives /# of replicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu BResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>A (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Alaska/232/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 x 106 CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/02/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8 x 10² TCID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/4801/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6 x 1055 CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Michigan/15/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3 x 104 FFU/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Texas/71/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3 x 104 FFU/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A (H3N2)v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Indiana/08/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1 x 10² TCID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Minnesota/11/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 x 104 CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>A (H1N1)pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Bangladesh/3002/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 x 105 CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Dominican Republic/7293/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 103 TCID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/lowa/53/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9 x 106 CEID5o/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Massachusetts/15/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106 CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Michigan/272/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6 x 10³3 TCID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/New Hampshire/02/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 106CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/South Carolina/2/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 x 105CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/St. Petersburg/61/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3 x 105CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>B (Victorialineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/New Jersey/1/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8 x 104TCID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Colorado/6/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 x 106CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/78/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 x 106CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Hong Kong/286/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 x 103TCID5o0/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Maryland/15/2016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 x 10³3TCID5o/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>B(Yamagatalineage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Guangdong-Liwan/1133/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 x 106CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 x 107CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 x 106CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/06/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2 x 106CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Utah/09/2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3 x 104 CEID50/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

$C E I D _ { 5 0 } = 5 0 \%$ Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose $T C I D \varepsilon o = 5 0 \%$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose $F F U =$ Focus Forming Assay Unit

# 5.9.3. Analytical Specificity: Cross-Reactivity (Exclusivity) and Microbial Interference

The potential cross-reactivity (exclusivity) of a panel of common organisms was evaluated with influenza negative samples using the CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus.

Potential microbial interference was evaluated with samples containing influenza A or influenza B at approximately 2x LoD. A total of 31 bacteria were tested at a target concentration of approximately $1 0 ^ { 7 }$ cfu/ml with the exception of Mycoplasma pneumoniae, which was tested at a final concentration of $1 . 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { c f u / m l }$ . The 15 non-influenza viruses were tested at concentrations between $1 0 ^ { 5 . 8 6 }$ and $1 0 ^ { 4 . 2 }$ TCID50/ml. All influenza negative samples gave negative results at the concentrations of the potentially cross-reactive common organisms tested showing no crossreactivity with CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus assay. All samples with influenza A or influenza B tested positive showing no microbial interference at the concentrations of the potentially interfering common organisms tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StockConcentration (cfu/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestingConcentration (cfu/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results oftriplicatewithoutinfluenzavirus (# ofpositives / #ofreplicates)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results oftriplicate inpresence ofinfluenza Avirus(# ofpositives / #ofreplicates)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results oftriplicate inpresence ofinfluenza Bvirus(# ofpositives / #ofreplicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobactercalcoaceticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17902</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophilapneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacteriumdiphtheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiellapneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus casei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionellapneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacteriumtuberculosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR-122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasmapneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseriagonorrhoeae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria sicca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcusaureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcusepidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia marcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusmutans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sp.Group B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sp.Group C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus sp.Group F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcussanguinis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

cfu/ml: colony-forming units per milliliter

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StockConcentration(TCID5o/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestingConcentration(TCID50/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results oftriplicatewithoutinfluenzavirus (# ofpositives / #ofreplicates)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results oftriplicate inpresence ofinfluenza Avirus(# ofpositives / #ofreplicates)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results oftriplicate inpresence ofinfluenza Bvirus(# ofpositives / #ofreplicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus (OC43)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1558</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus (229E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-740</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanCoxsackievirus B4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Humanmetapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR-22227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps (Enders)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virustype 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virustype 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virustype 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory SyncytialVirus Type B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus 1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-1559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VR-315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

$\overline { { T C I D _ { 5 0 } } } = 5 0 \%$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose

# 5.9.4. Analytical Specificity: Interfering Substances Effect

To assess the potential interference effects, the CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus was evaluated with thirty substances naturally or artificially present in the respiratory specimen or nasal cavity/nasopharynx.

The positive samples were prepared using the influenza A and B virus strains diluted to a concentration approximately two times the respective LoD levels. Each influenza strain combined with each interfering substance was evaluated separately. Negative samples were prepared by adding each interfering substance to the Universal Transport Medium (UTM). Each positive and negative sample, combined with each interfering substance, was tested in triplicate. None of the thirty potential interfering substances tested produced false positive or false negative test results using CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus with influenza positive and negative samples at the concentrations specified below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstances</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Test Results (# of positives / # of replicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Michigan/45/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Colorad0/06/217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeSamples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl salicylicacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beclomethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Budesonide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniraminemaleate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DextromethorphanHBr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DiphenhydramineHCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunisolide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol GlycerylEther</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HistamineDihydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr></table>

65 Clyde Rd. Suite A. Somerset, NJ 08873 ǁ Tel: (732)-873-4040 ǁ Fax: (732)-873-4043 ǁ info@accessbio.net   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstances</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Test Results (# of positives / # of replicates)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Michigan/5/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Colorado/06/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeSamples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mometasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Throat drop(Halls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Throat drop(Ricola)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Nasal spray(Afrin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Nasal spray(Vicks Sinex)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC Nasal spray(Zicam)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxymetazolineHCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr></table>

The interfering effects of biotin concentrations ranging between $1 2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $2 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L }$ were tested in a separate study. Biotin concentrations up to $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m } \mathrm { { l } } }$ did not lead to false results. Biotin concentrations $> 5 0 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ can cause false negative influenza A results with the CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus.

# 5.9.5. Expected Values

The prevalence of influenza varies from year to year, with outbreaks occurring during the fall and winter months. The influenza positivity rate is dependent upon many factors, including specimen collection, test method, and geographic location. Prevalence varies throughout the flu season and from location to location. The CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus prospective clinical study was conducted during the 2018-2019 influenza season. The following tables show the number of influenza A and influenza B positive cases and its percentage in four subject age categories, as observed during the clinical study.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positivity Rates for Influenza A with the CareStart™m Flu A&amp;B Plusduring the Clinical Study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofNasopharyngealSwabSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofInfluenza APositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza APositivityRate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥60 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positivity Rates for Influenza B with the CareStart™m Flu A&amp;B Plusduring the Clinical Study</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofNasopharyngealSwabSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofInfluenza BPositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BPositivityRate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥60 Years of Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>944</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr></table>

# 5.9.6. Prospective Clinical Study

The clinical performance characteristics of CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus were evaluated in a multi-site prospective study during the 2018-2019 influenza season in the U.S. against an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. A total of 10 Point-of-Care investigational sites throughout the U.S. participated in the study. To be enrolled in the study, patients had to be presenting at the participating study centers with flu-like symptoms and meet inclusion/exclusion criteria.

Two nasopharyngeal swabs were collected from one nostril from each subject using standard collection methods. At all sites, the first collected nasopharyngeal swab was eluted in $3 \mathsf { m }$ of viral transport media and transported to the central laboratory for testing using the FDA-cleared molecular assay as a comparator method. The second collected nasopharyngeal swab was tested directly on CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus according to product instructions.

A total of 955 subjects were enrolled in this study. Of those, 11 specimens are unevaluable (i.e., four samples failed to meet inclusion criteria, two samples were not collected due to subject refusal after enrollment, one sample was transported to the central laboratory in damaged and leaking state, and four samples transported to the central laboratory were mislabeled). A total of 944 nasopharyngeal swab specimens were considered evaluable. The performance of the CareStart™ Flu A&B Plus for influenza A and influenza B as compared to the comparator method is presented in the tables below.

All discrepant results were investigated by testing using an alternative FDA-cleared molecular assay at the same central laboratory. The results of this testing are captured in the footnotes but were not included in the calculations of the performance estimates shown below.

CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus Influenza A Performance against the Comparator Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CareStartTM Flu A&amp;B Plus Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Molecular Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>944</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>79.9%(95%CI: 75.7% - 83.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.4% (95% Cl: 97.0% - 99.2%)</td></tr></table>

a Influenza A was detected in 2/9 false positive specimens using an alternative FDA-cleared molecular influenza A/B assay b Influenza A was not detected in 15/77 false negative specimens using an alternative FDA-cleared molecular influenza A/B assay

# CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus Influenza B Performance against the Comparator Method

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CareStart™M Flu A&amp;B Plus —Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Molecular Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>929</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>944</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>88.2%(95%CI: 65.7% - 96.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100.0%(95% CI: 99.6% - 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

a Influenza B was detected in 2/2 false negative specimens using an alternative FDA-cleared molecular influenza A/B assay

# CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus Influenza A and B Performance against the Comparator Method (Percent Agreement) by Age Group

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Prospective Study during the 2018-2019 influenza season</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">≤5 Years of Age</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.3% (55/66)95% CI: 72.6% - 90.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)95% Cl: 34.2% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.4% (102/108)95% CI: 88.4% - 97.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (172/172)95% CI: 97.8% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">6-21 Years of Age</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.5% (141/171)95% CI: 76.1% - 87.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87.5% (7/8)95% CI: 52.9% - 97.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.8% (160/162)95% CI: 95.6% - 99.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (325/325)95% CI: 98.8% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-59 Years of Age</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.1% (100/135)95% CI: 66.1% - 80.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.3% (5/6)95% CI: 43.7% - 97.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6% (258/259)95% CI: 97.8% - 99.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (388/388)95% CI: 99.0% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">≥60 Years of Age</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.7% (11/12)95% CI: 64.6% - 98.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)95% CI: 20.7% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (31/31)95% CI: 89.0% - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (42/42)95% CI: 91.6% - 100%</td></tr></table>

# 5.9.7. Retrospective Study

Due to extremely low prevalence of influenza B observed during the 2018-2019 influenza season in the U.S., the prospective clinical study performance data were supplemented with data from a retrospective study testing 162 swab samples prepared from archived respiratory specimens that were obtained from patients with influenzalike symptoms and were confirmed positive or negative by an FDA-cleared molecular assay for influenza A and influenza B. These swab samples (112 samples positive for influenza B and 50 negative samples) were distributed (blinded and randomized) among four of the investigational sites and the testing was incorporated into the daily workflow at each site during the prospective clinical study period.

All of the 162 swab specimens enrolled in the retrospective study were considered evaluable to supplement the prospective clinical performance data for influenza B. The performance of the CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus for influenza B with archived samples as compared to the FDA-cleared molecular method is presented in the table below.

CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus Influenza B (swab specimens prepared from frozen archived respiratory specimens) Performance against the Comparator Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CareStartTM Flu A&amp;B Plus  Influenza B(swab specimens prepared from frozen archivedrespiratory specimens)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Molecular Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96.6% (95% CI: 91.5% - 98.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.8% (95% CI: 88.4% - 99.6%)</td></tr></table>

# 5.9.8. Reproducibility Study

The reproducibility study was performed to evaluate the reproducibility of the CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus with contrived swab samples at three Point-of-Care sites in the U.S. The test sample panels consisted of seven samples at various virus concentrations including near the respective LoD (i.e., true negative, high negative influenza A, low positive influenza A, moderate positive influenza A, high negative influenza B, low positive influenza B, and moderate positive influenza B). The sample panel was tested in a blinded manner by three operators at each of three test sites on five non-consecutive days. Agreement of obtained results with expected results was $100 \%$ across all sites, operators, and days.

# Reproducibility by Study Site

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall %Agreement and95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negativea(no virus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative Aa(0.1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive A(1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive A(3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative Ba(0.1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive B(1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive B(3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (135/135)(97.2% - 100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

a The expected results for true negative and high negative samples are negative results.

# 5.9.9. Lot-to-Lot Precision

Three different lots of the CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus were evaluated for precision. Agreement of observed results with expected results was $100 \%$ . No variability was observed between reagent lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reagent Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reagent Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reagent Lot 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Overall %Agreement and95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negativea(no virus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative Aa(0.1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive A(1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive A(3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative Ba(0.1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive B(1x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive B(3x LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (27/27)(87.5% - 100%)</td></tr></table>

a The expected results for true negative and high negative samples are negative results.

# 5.10. Conclusion

Based on the data submitted in this traditional 510(k) submission, the CareStartTM Flu A&B Plus has been shown to be substantially equivalent in terms of intended use, technological characteristics, and assay performance to the predicate device.