# March 5, 2020

SSI Diagnostica A/S   
$\%$ Christopher Bentsen   
Regulatory and Clinicals Consultant   
Bentsen Regulatory and Clinicals Consulting LLC   
25803 NE 9th Street   
Redmond, Washington 98074

Re: K191184 Trade/Device Name: ImmuView S pneumoniae and L pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3300 Regulation Name: Haemophilus Spp. Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MJH, GTZ Dated: June 3, 2019 Received: June 10, 2019

Dear Christopher Bentsen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kristian Roth, Ph.D.   
Chief   
Bacterial Multiplex and Medical Counter Measures Branch Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k191184

Device Name ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

510(k) # k191184_ Date of Preparation: March 4, 2020

Submitter:

Christopher Bentsen, M.S., RAC, FRAPS; Bentsen Regulatory and Clinicals Consulting LLC.

Submitters Address: Gig Harbor, Washington 98332

Submitters Number: (206) 910-1974

Sponsor:

SSI Diagnostica A/S (SSID)

Contact:

Contact Number:

Device Name: ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test

Common Name: Urinary Antigen Test, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1

Classification: Streptococcus spp and Legionella spp serological reagents 21 CFR 866.3740 and 866.3300

Product Codes: GTZ and MJH

Predicate Devices: BinaxNOW® Streptococcus pneumoniae (K012521) and BinaxNOW® Legionella (K982238)

# Panel:

Microbiology

# Intended Use:

The ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test is an in vitro, rapid, lateral flow test, also known as a lateral flow immunochromatographic assay, intended for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Legionella pneumophila antigens in urine specimens from patients with symptoms of pneumonia. The assay is intended to aid in diagnosis of S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila serogroup 1 infections. The assay is further intended to aid in the diagnosis of S. pneumoniae infections by detection of S. pneumoniae antigen in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). Results from the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test should be interpreted in conjunction with the patient’s clinical evaluation and other diagnostic methods.

# Indication(s) for use:

Same as Intended Use Special conditions for use statement(s):

This device is for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription use only and to be used only by clinical laboratory professionals.

Special instrument requirements: N/A

# Device Description:

ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test is a rapid lateral flow test for qualitative detection of S. pneumoniae in human urine and CSF samples and L. pneumophila (primarily serogroup 1) antigens in human urine samples. The test is effective in presumptive diagnosis of pneumococcal pneumonia caused by S. pneumoniae or Legionella pneumonia (Legionnaires’ disease) caused by L. pneumophila, in conjunction with culture and other methods. Correct and early treatment is vital for the prognosis of both diseases and therefore quick methods to confirm both diseases in the initial phase are very important in order to initiate the proper antibiotic treatment as soon as possible.

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device names(s): BinaxNOW® Streptococcus pneumoniae Card and BinaxNOW® Legionella pneumophila Card   
2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K991726 and K012521 and K982238 and K070522

Table 1 Comparison with predicate:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView S. pneumoniae andL. pneumophila UrinaryAntigen Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BinaxNOW® Streptococcuspneumoniae and BinaxNOWLegionella Antigen Cards</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapidimmunochromatographiclateral flow test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid immunochromatographiccard tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative/Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniaeand Legionella pneumophilaserogroup 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae orLegionella pneumophilaserogroup 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CSF and human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human CSF and human urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents/Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test StripsTest TubesSample Running BufferNegative ControlPositive ControlPlastic transfer pipettesTweezerCardboard test tube holder</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test CardsReagent APositive Control SwabNegative Control SwabSwabs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody Sources</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Polyclonal antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Polyclonal antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Polyclonal antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Polyclonal antibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved andpreserved urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Add 3 (120 ul) drops of urineor add 10 ul of CSF to a testtubeAdd 2 (90 ul) drops of samplerunning diluentMix wellAdd test strip with arrowdown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Dip swab into the urine sampleand then insert swab into thebottom hole of the Test Card. Add 2 drops of Reagent A tothe bottom hole for LegionellaCard and 3 drops for S.pneumoniae Card.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 15 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 15 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equipment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General LaboratoryEquipment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine collection containerTimerVortex or mix by swirlingDisposable gloves</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine collection containerTimerSwab packDisposable gloves</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reading Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual Read</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative: A single purple/grayControl line in the top of thestrip.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative: Single pink to purplecolored Control line visible in tophalf of the window</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive: For both S. pn. and L.pn. S-1 will show a pink/redline and a blue line.For S. pn. will show a pink/redline.For L. pn. S-1 will show a blueline.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive: Two pink to purple lines</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Invalid: No line at the Control line position and if there is a dot instead of a test line. Also, if gray lines appear. Follow IFU instructions</td><td>Invalid: No line at the Control line position or no lines at the Control and Sample line positions.</td><td>Test</td></tr></table>

# Principle:

ImmuView® S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test is a rapid lateral flow test for detection of S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila using the same test.

# Clinical Sensitivity and Specificity for Urine Samples (Retrospective study)

To determine the sensitivity of the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test, 100 frozen urine samples from patients originally determined to be infected with S. pneumoniae were tested. All 100 urine samples came from Europe, and all were from blood culture positive patients; Fortyeight (48) samples were from Sweden3 and fifty-two (52) samples were from Denmark.

To determine the sensitivity of the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test, 98 stored frozen urine samples from patients with a culture confirmed Legionella infection were tested. A total of 55 urine samples came from Europe. The remaining 43 urine samples came from the United States (U.S.), and these were also determined to be previously positive in a urinary antigen test.

The clinical specificity of the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila test lines was obtained by testing known negative (culture confirmed negative) urine samples collected from 3 sites, one in the U.S. and two in Europe.

Table 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>S. pneumoniae culture verified vs. ImmuView</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI (69.0-85.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI (95.4-99.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>L. pneumophila culture verified vs. ImmuView</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI (79.8-92.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI (97.7-99.9%)</td></tr></table>

Table 2

Table 3   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Sensitivity (Urine) Based on culture vs comparator</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ImmuView</td><td>Comparator</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae</td><td>78% (78/100)</td><td>80% (76/95a)</td></tr><tr><td>(Blood culture only)</td><td>(CI 67-85%)</td><td>(CI 71-87%)</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila Sg 1 (U.S.)</td><td>97.7% (42/43)</td><td>100% (43/43)</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila Sg 1</td><td>(CI 88-100%)</td><td>(CI 92-100%)</td></tr><tr><td>(Europe)</td><td>80.0% (44/55)</td><td>66.7% (36/54b)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(CI 68-88%)</td><td>(CI 53-78%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Specificity (Urine) Based on culture vs comparator</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae</td><td>ImmuView</td><td>Comparator</td></tr><tr><td>(Europe)</td><td>98.2% (217/221)</td><td>97.8% (218/223)</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila</td><td>(CI 95-99%)</td><td>(CI 95-99%)</td></tr><tr><td>(U.S.)</td><td>100% (19/19)</td><td>100% (19/19)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(CI 83-100%)</td><td>(CI 83-100%)</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila</td><td>99.5% (220/221d)</td><td>99.6% (223/224)</td></tr><tr><td>(Europe)</td><td>(CI 97-100%)</td><td>(CI 98-100%)</td></tr></table>

a 5 samples were QNS for testing, b 1 sample was QNS for testing, c 3 samples were QNS for testing, d 3 samples were QNS for testing

S. pneumoniae sensitivity (Europe) increased to $8 1 / 1 0 0$ or $81 \%$ for ImmuView S. pneumoniae and $L$ . pneumophila urinary antigen test compared with comparator that after boiling had 76/95 or $80 \%$ . L. pneumophila sensitivity (Europe) changed to 41/55 or $7 4 . 6 \%$ for ImmuView and remained 36/54 or $6 6 . 7 \%$ for the comparator. The specificity (Europe) increased to $9 8 . 6 \%$ (218/221) and $100 \%$ (221/221) for S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila respectively after boiling when using ImmuView. The comparator did not change after boiling. L. pneumophila sensitivity (U.S.) increased to $4 3 / 4 3$ or $100 \%$ $( 9 5 \% 0 0 1 9 1 . 8 – 1 0 0 \% )$ in the ImmuView Test for L. pneumophila after boiling1,2 . L. pneumophila specificity (U.S.) did not change after boiling for either test.

# Positive and Negative Percent Agreement for urine samples

# (Prospective study)

In a prospective study three-hundred-six (306) prospective collected urine samples from two different sites (Spain and Denmark) were tested with both the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test and the Comparator tests. Fresh\* urine samples were from patients (all comers) at risk of having community acquired pneumonia. The results were compared with other lateral flow urine antigen tests (Comparator).

Table 4   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Prospective samples positive agreement S. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI (88.9%-98.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI (94.5%-98.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Prospective samples positive agreement L. pneumophila SG1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI (43.9%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI (98.8%-100%)</td></tr></table>

\* Of the 306 samples, a total of 92 had to be frozen before testing could be performed.

The positive agreement for S. pneumoniae was $7 2 / 7 5$ or $96 \%$ $( 8 8 . 9 \mathrm { - } 9 8 . 6 \% )$ . The negative agreement for S. pneumoniae was 226/232 or $9 7 . 4 \%$ (94.5-98.8). The positive agreement for L. pneumophila was $3 / 3$ or $100 \%$ $4 3 . 9 – 1 0 0 \% )$ . Negative agreement for L. pneumophila was 304/304 or $100 \%$ $( 9 8 . 8 – 1 0 0 \%$ ).

After boiling1,2 the positive and negative agreement for S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila remained the same.

# Analytical Studies - Urine

# Specificity (Cross-Reactivity)

To determine the analytical specificity of the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen test for cross-reactivity with urines spiked with whole cell bacteria and different inactivated viruses $( N { = } 1 4 3 )$ . The whole cell bacterial panel was tested in a $1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ diluted from a stock solution. The Viral panel had a concentration of $1 0 ^ { 5 } \top \mathtt { C l D 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . The panel was also tested in negative urine.

Table 5   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Organisms tested for interference</td></tr><tr><td>Acinetobacter ssp.(4)</td><td>Lactobacillus sp.</td></tr><tr><td>Bacillus subtilis</td><td>Listeria monocytogenes</td></tr><tr><td>Bordetella pertussis</td><td>Morganella morganii</td></tr><tr><td>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td>Moraxella osloensis</td></tr><tr><td>Candida albicans (4)</td><td>Mycoplasma genitalium</td></tr><tr><td>Citrobacter freundii</td><td>Neisseria gonorrhoeae (3)</td></tr><tr><td>Cornyebacterium sp.</td><td>Neisseria lactamica</td></tr><tr><td>Cornyebacterium uralyticum</td><td>Neisseria meningitidis</td></tr><tr><td>Enterobacter cloacae (3)</td><td>Neisseria polysaccharea</td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli (10)</td><td>Proteus mirabilis (2)</td></tr><tr><td>Enterococcus faecalis (7)</td><td>Proteus vulgaris</td></tr><tr><td>Enterococcus faecium</td><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa (4)</td></tr><tr><td>Enterococcus durans</td><td>Pseudomonas stutzeri</td></tr><tr><td>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td>Pseudomonas spp. (2)</td></tr><tr><td>Haemophilus Influenzae type a-f and non-</td><td>Salmonella bredeney</td></tr><tr><td>caps (11) Haemophilus paralnfluenzae</td><td>Salmonella Thompson</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus 2,</td><td>Salmonella typhimurium</td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydophila pneumoniae (2)</td><td>Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td>Cytomegalovirus</td><td>Salmonella glostrup</td></tr><tr><td>Enterovirus D68</td><td>Streptococcus mutans (2)</td></tr><tr><td>Herpes Simplex 1,2</td><td>Streptococcus parasanguis</td></tr><tr><td>Influenzae A (H1N1 and H3N2) virus</td><td>Streptococcus sanguinis</td></tr><tr><td>Influenzae B Virus</td><td>Streptococcus aureus (6)</td></tr><tr><td>Paralnfluenzae virus 1,2,3 (3)</td><td>Streptococcus epidermidis (5)</td></tr><tr><td>Respiratory Syncytial Virus A</td><td>Streptococcus saprophyticus (3)</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella oxytoca (2)</td><td>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella pneumoniae (3)</td><td>Streptococcus gr. A, B, C, F, L and G (16)</td></tr><tr><td>Lactobacillus catenaforme</td><td>Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</td><td></td></tr></table>

All of the above bacterial isolates were negative when using ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test. The only potential cross-reactivity was 1 of 3 isolates of E. cloacea which was positive for L. pneumophila. This was confirmed on re-testing of that one isolate.

A total of 19 Urinary tract infection from patients were tested. Previously culture results had shown that eight (8) of them were infected with Escherichia coli, five (5) with Staphylococcus, aureus, five (5) with Streptococcus agalactiae gr. B and one (1) with Candida albicans. None showed any cross reactions with the ImmuView test.

# Sensitivity (Limit of detection (LOD))

The limit of detection (LOD) for the ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila urinary antigen test is $6 2 . 5 ~ { \mathsf { p g } } / { \mathsf { m L } }$ for purified S. pneumoniae CWPS antigen (native). For LPS specific for L. pneumophila SG1 (Philadelphia) the LOD is $2 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ . Whole cell S. pneumoniae bacteria can be detected at an LOD at ${ \mathsf { 1 0 ^ { 5 } } }$ $C F U / \mathsf { m L }$ and L. pneumophila SG1 (Philadelphia) has a LOD at $1 0 ^ { 4 } ~ { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ . Boiling or urine preservatives did not change these results.

Table 6   

<table><tr><td>Stock solution</td><td>LOD</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae antigen</td><td>62.5 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila SG 1 (Philadelphia) antigen</td><td>0.025 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila SG 1 (Bellingham) antigen</td><td>0.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae (serotype 1)</td><td>105 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila SG1 (Philadelphia)</td><td>104 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila SG 1 (Bellingham)</td><td>105 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Strain Reactivity

Isolates from different S. pneumoniae serotypes were also positive tested with the ImmuView assay including serotype three (3), five (5), and thirty-seven (37). Different species of L. pneumophila were also found to be positive using the assay. Within serogroup one (1) these includes Philadelphia, Knoxville, OLDA/Oxford, Allentown/France, and Benidorm-Strain Lens. In additional studies have found other Legionella serogroups to be positive such as serogroup 3, 6, 8, 10 and 12.

# Table 7

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae in urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Subgroup</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Antigen Concentration(μg/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Whole Organism Concentration(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">type 1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ND*</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">type 3</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">type 5</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">type 37</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0001</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ND*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila in urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subgroup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pontiac/Non-Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Concentration(μg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(CFU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Knoxville</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10\$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allentown/France</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benidorm</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ND</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Philadelphia</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OLDA/Oxford</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Camperdown</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Pontiac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heysham</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SG12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ND</td></tr></table>

\*ND=Not done

# Interfering Substances

ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test were tested with forty-seven (47) interfering agents at different concentrations in urine samples.

Table 8   

<table><tr><td>Agent</td><td>Concentration</td><td>Agent</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>0.1mg/mL</td><td>Leucocytes</td><td>&gt;250 cells/μL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>0.1mg/mL</td><td>Miconazole</td><td>5%</td></tr><tr><td>Amantadine</td><td>0.03mg/mL</td><td>Mix (pH, whole blood, protein and glucose) (H)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Amoxicillin</td><td>0.075mg/mL</td><td>Mix (pH, whole blood, protein and glucose) (M)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Amphotericin B</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Mix (pH, whole blood, protein and glucose) (L)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antihistamine</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Mucin</td><td>0.086mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ascorbic acid (C-Vitamin)</td><td>1mg/mL</td><td>Oseltamivir (Tamiflu)</td><td>0.03mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Augmentin (Amoxicillin</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Oxalic acid</td><td>0.01%</td></tr><tr><td>Clavulanate</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Azithromycin</td><td>0.012mg/mL</td><td>pH (acidic)</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Beet root</td><td>20%</td><td>pH (neutral)</td><td>7</td></tr><tr><td>Beet root</td><td>1.17%</td><td>pH (basic)</td><td>9</td></tr><tr><td>Beet root</td><td>0.01%</td><td>Plasma</td><td>90%</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin Bromhexin/cough drops/couch</td><td>0.2mg/mL</td><td>Plasma</td><td>50%</td></tr><tr><td>syrup</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Plasma</td><td>10%</td></tr><tr><td>Caffeine</td><td>15mg/mL</td><td>Prednisone</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorophyll</td><td>0.11mg/mL</td><td>Protein (albumin) (H)</td><td>10mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorophyll</td><td>0.04mg/mL</td><td>Protein (albumin) (M)</td><td>5mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Chlorophyll</td><td>0.01mg/mL</td><td>Protein (albumin) (L)</td><td>0.6mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Ciprofloxacin</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Pyridium</td><td>1mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Decongestant</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Rifampicin</td><td>0.09mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Corticosterone (Corticosteroids)</td><td>0.015mg/mL</td><td>Spinach</td><td>1%</td></tr><tr><td>Erythromycin</td><td>0.067mg/mL</td><td>Tobacco purified</td><td>0.4mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (H)</td><td>20mg/mL</td><td>Triglycerides</td><td>4mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (M)</td><td>10mg/mL</td><td>Urea</td><td>20mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (L)</td><td>3mg/mL</td><td>Vaginal contraceptive gel</td><td>5%</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>5mg/mL</td><td>Vancomycin</td><td>0.1mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Human albumin</td><td>35mg/mL</td><td>Water-based personal lubricant</td><td>5%</td></tr><tr><td>Human red blood cells 10%</td><td>10%</td><td>White blood cells</td><td>10%</td></tr><tr><td>Washed pooled cells</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>0.1mg/mL</td><td>Whole blood</td><td>10%</td></tr><tr><td>Itraconazole</td><td>0.22mg/mL</td><td>Whole blood</td><td>15%</td></tr></table>

High concentration of plasma in urine may result in gray test lines. Additionally, basic (pH≥9) conditions in urine can give false positive S. pneumoniae lines. Water-based personal lubricant might result in false positive or gray L. pneumophila lines, however, this outcome seems dose-related.

# Clinical sensitivity and specificity - CSF

The sensitivity of the S. pneumoniae test line was obtained by testing leftover CSF specimens from patients suspected of meningitis, as well as spiked CSF and negative CSF table 10 below.

# Table 9

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmuView</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Culture positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Culture negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9% (13/14)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI (68.5%-98.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0% (162/169)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI (91.7%-98.0%)</td></tr></table>

# U.S.A Laboratory testing

Of the samples tested at the two U.S. labs, 9 were known positive for S. pneumoniae meningitis. Onehundred-thirteen (113) were negative human CSF samples. These samples were blinded, and the testing of the ImmuView Test was performed by three operators on different days to prevent test bias.

# European Laboratory testing

Of the samples tested within Europe, 5 were known to be positive for S. pneumoniae. Of the total samples, 56 were negative CSF samples. These samples were blinded and the testing with the ImmuView Test was performed by one operator on different   
days to prevent test bias.

The sensitivity of ImmuView L. pneumophila test line was not validated in this study, Legionella do not usually cause meningitis.

# Spiked CSF testing

Additional human CSF samples were spiked at the LOD with S. pneumoniae $( N = 5 0 )$ and an additional unspiked negative CSF samples $( N = 1 0 )$ were tested with the Immuview test and the comparator test. The sensitivity for the both the ImmuView test and the comparator test was 50/50 $( 1 0 0 \% )$ and the additional negative CSF samples used for blinding of the testing were negative $1 0 / 1 0 \left( 1 0 0 \% \right)$ in both the ImmuView test and the comparator test.

# Table 10

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>60 real human CSF samples 50 spiked with S. pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ImmuView</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S.pn. Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. pn. Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI (92.9%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative percentagreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI (72.2%-100%)</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Studies - CSF

# Specificity (Cross-Reactivity)

ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test were   
tested with a panel of 24 potential cross-reacting agents. No cross-reactions were detected for the S. pneumoniae or the L. pneumophila test lines.

Table 11   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Organisms not affecting test performance in CSF</td></tr><tr><td>E. coli (5)</td><td>Neisseria meningitidis Gr. B, D and W135 (3)</td></tr><tr><td>Haemophilus influenza type a-f and non-caps (7)</td><td>Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Listeria monocytogenes Measles</td><td>Streptococcus Gr A</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus agalactiae (GBS) sg la, Ib, II, II (4)</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus mitis</td></tr></table>

# Sensitivity (Limit of detection (LOD)) in CSF

ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila analytical sensitivity was determined by limit of detection. Two different operators performed the dilutions and the testing. The dilutions were made with whole cell bacteria spiked in human CSF.

Table 12   

<table><tr><td>CSF</td><td>LoD</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae</td><td>10³ CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Interference agents

ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen Test were tested with forty-seven (47) interfering agents at different concentrations in artificial CSF either negative or spiked with either CWPS or S. pneumoniae $1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ .

Table 13   

<table><tr><td>Agent in CSF</td><td>Concentration</td><td>Agent</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Whole S. pneumoniae (Type 1)</td><td></td><td>Negative Artificial CSF</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (H)</td><td>1mg/mL</td><td>Glucose (H)</td><td>1mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (M)</td><td>0.5mg/mL</td><td>Glucose (M)</td><td>0.5mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose (L)</td><td>0.1mg/mL</td><td>Glucose (L)</td><td>0.1mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Red blood cells (H)</td><td>15%</td><td>Red blood cells (H)</td><td>15%</td></tr><tr><td>Red blood cells(M)</td><td>10%</td><td>Red blood cells(M)</td><td>10%</td></tr><tr><td>Red blood cells (L)</td><td>5%</td><td>Red blood cells (L)</td><td>5%</td></tr><tr><td>Protein (H)</td><td>60mg/mL</td><td>Protein (H)</td><td>60mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Protein (M)</td><td>30mg/mL</td><td>Protein (M)</td><td>30mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Protein (L)</td><td>10mg/mL</td><td>Protein (L)</td><td>10mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>White blood cells</td><td>10.6x106/mL</td><td>White blood cells</td><td>10.6x106/mL</td></tr><tr><td>White blood cells</td><td>5.3x106/mL</td><td>White blood cells</td><td>5.3x106/mL</td></tr><tr><td>White blood cells</td><td>2.7x106/mL</td><td>White blood cells</td><td>2.7x106/mL</td></tr><tr><td>White blood cells</td><td>1.8x106/mL</td><td>White blood cells</td><td>1.8x106/mL</td></tr><tr><td>White blood cells</td><td>0.9x106/mL</td><td>White blood cells</td><td>0.9x106/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Bilirubin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Antigen</td><td></td><td>Bilirubin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin</td><td>15%</td><td>Bilirubin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin</td><td>10%</td><td>Plasma</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin</td><td>5%</td><td>Plasma</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma</td><td>15%</td><td>Plasma</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma</td><td>10%</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma</td><td>5%</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Red blood cells may give false positive shadows on the S. pneumoniae line due to excessive red color. The other agents in the panel did not interfere with the test.

# Reproducibility study

The ImmuView S. pneumoniae and L. pneumophila Urinary Antigen test demonstrated excellent overall reproducibility with 1,068 correct results out of 1,072 test results $( 9 9 . 6 \% )$ , when tested with 10 members of real positive S. pneumoniae or L. pneumophila urine samples and negative urine samples; and artificial CSF positive spiked with S. pneumoniae isolates as well as negative artificial CSF samples. The ImmuView Positive Control and Negative Control were also tested as blinded/masked panel members. The testing was performed for 5 days with a different kit lot at each site, two in the U.S. and one in Europe.

Table 14   

<table><tr><td>Description</td><td>Correct results</td><td>Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae, moderate positive urine</td><td>90/90 Positive</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae, moderate positive CSF</td><td>89/89²2 Positive</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae, low positive spiked in artificial CSF</td><td>89/90³ Positive</td><td>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td>S. pneumoniae, low positive urine</td><td>90/90 Positive</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila, moderate positive urine 2A</td><td>90/90 Positive</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila, moderate positive urine 2B</td><td>88/89 Positive</td><td>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila, low positive urine 1A</td><td>89/89 Positive</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>L. pneumophila, low positive urine 1B</td><td>89/90 Positive 6</td><td>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Negative pooled urine</td><td>90/90 Negative</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Negative artificial CSF</td><td>90/90 Negative</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>ImmuView Pos Control</td><td>89/90&#x27; Positive</td><td>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td>ImmuView Neg Control</td><td>85/85 Negative</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Summary</td><td>1068/1072 Correct</td><td>99.6%</td></tr></table>

A total of 3 different lots were tested. Each site, using two operators (A and B) performed a total of 360 reproducibility tests and a grand total of 1,072 reproducibility results out of a total of 1,080 tests in the study using 6 operators. A total of 8 test results $( 0 . 7 \% )$ were determined to be invalid and were excluded and not re-tested. The panel members were blinded by changing of the panel member numbers and identity daily. The reading and interpretation of the reproducibility panels was performed visually. There were no statistical differences in reproducibility by lot, by site, by time or by operator.

1. The protocol was run five different days, each day each sample had a different code number.

2. Operator did not see a positive control band, so one sample was invalid as the package insert states that this is necessary before interpreting the result. The sample was not re-tested.

3. A visual L. pneumophila band was seen.

4. Operator interpreted band as S. pneumoniae positive instead of L. pneumophila positive. One sample was invalid due to dot (incomplete band) on the strip per the package insert and was not re-tested.

5. One sample was invalid due to an incomplete band in S. pneumoniae according to the pack insert.

6. No L. pneumophila band present.

7. Operator interpreted S. pneumoniae Band result as negative even though band was present.

8. Five samples excluded due to the presence of dots and incomplete bands. The samples were not retested.

# References

1. Rota MC, Fontana S, Montaño-Remacha C, et al. Legionnaires? disease pseudoepidemic due to falsely positive urine antigen test results. J Clin Microbiol. 2014;52(6):2279-2280. doi:10.1128/JCM.00493-14   
2. Briones ML, Blanquer J, Ferrando D, Blasco ML, Gimeno C, Marín J. Assessment of analysis of urinary pneumococcal antigen by immunochromatography for etiologic diagnosis of community-acquired pneumonia in adults. Clin Vaccine Immunol. 2006;13(10):1092-1097. doi:10.1128/CVI.00090-06   
3. Athlin S, Iversen A, Özenci V. Comparison of the ImmuView and the BinaxNOW antigen tests in detection of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Legionella pneumophila in urine. Eur J Clin Microbiol Infect Dis. 2017;36(10):1933-1938. doi:10.1007/s10096-017-3016-6