OpGen, Inc.   
$\%$ Randy Prebula   
Partner; Hogan Lovells   
Hogan Lovells, US LLP   
Columbia Square   
555 Thirteenth Street, NW   
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

Re: K191288 Trade/Device Name: Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMY, OOI Dated: October 13, 2020 Received: October 13, 2020

Dear Randy Prebula:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Acuitas AMR Gene Panel

Indications for Use (Describe) The Acuitas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ AMR Gene Panel, performed on the QIAGEN $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ $\mathrm { E Z 1 @ }$ Advanced XL System and the OpGen Qualified QuantStudio™ 5 Real-Time PCR System, is a qualitative nucleic acid-based multiplex in vitro diagnostic test for detection and differentiation of antibiotic resistance markers to one or more antimicrobial agents. The test utilizes real‐ time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and is performed on isolated colonies of Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Enterococcus faecalis, or members of Enterobacterales grown in pure culture on blood agar or MacConkey agar.

Organism identification results must be available prior to reporting results for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. Antimicrobial resistance gene results are reported by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for the combinations of bacterial pathogens and associated genetic resistance markers indicated in Table 1 below.

[continued on page 2]

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

[continued from Form FDA 3881, page 1]

Table 1 - Antimicrobial Resistance Gene Markers (Genetic Determinants) Associated with Bacterial Species   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reported AMR Gene Marker</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundiicomplex ^a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobactercloacae complex b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, TEM d</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcusfaecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, ANT, CMY, CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, CTX-M-9, DFR, gyrA Mutant , KPC, MCR-1 °, OXA-1, OXA-9,SHV d, Sul1, Sul2, TEM d</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiellaaerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiellamichiganensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiellapneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, APH, CMY, CTX-M-1, CTX-M- 9, DFR, DHA, IMP, KPC, NDM, OXA-1, OXA-9, OXA-48,RMT, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiellaquasipneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella variicola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morganella morganii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, ANT, APH, armA, CMY, CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, CTX-M-9, DFR, KPC, NDM, OXA-1, OXA-9, OXA-48, Sul2, TEM d, VEB, VIM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia rettgeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Providencia stuartii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, ANT, CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, gyrA Mutant ©, KPC, NDM, OXA-1, PER, SHV d, TEM d, VEB, VIM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Raoultellaornithinolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Raoultella planticola</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratiamarcescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr></table>

a Citrobacter freundii complex $= c$ . freundii, C. braakii, C. werkmanii and C. youngae. b Enterobacter cloacae complex $= E .$ . asburiae, E. cloacae, E. hormaechei, E. kobei and E. ludwigii. c PCR assays associated with fluoroquinolone resistance detect and differentiate wild type and mutant variants of gyraseA at amino acid position 87 for E. coli and position 83 for P. aeruginosa. d PCR assays for SHV and TEM detect several sequence variants for the two genes, respectively, at amino acid positions 156 and 104 associated with wild type penicillin resistance and mutations associated with ESBL phenotypes. e The panel includes an assay for the detection of the mobilized colistin genetic determinant MCR-1 in E. coli.

The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel includes assays for the detection and reporting of genetic resistance markers associated with resistance to select drugs in the following antibiotic groups: aminoglycosides, carbapenems, cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, penicillins, sulfonamides, trimethoprim, and vancomycin, to aid in the identification of potentially antimicrobial-resistant organisms. The panel includes an assay for the detection of the mobilized colistin genetic determinant MCR-1, a marker of public health importance associated with reduced inhibitory activity of polymyxins.

[continued from page 2]

The results of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for detection and identification of genetic determinants associated with antimicrobial resistance are used along with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Electronic User Guide (EUG). In certain cases, this information may be used as an aid to clinicians in the management of patients with known or suspected antibiotic non-susceptible or resistant bacterial infections. The EUG contains information on the appropriateness of reporting resistance markers detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for claimed organisms based on the strength of the collective, totality of scientific evidence delineating the level of association between molecular marker detection with phenotypic, clinical resistance. Test results are not conclusive or prescriptive for labeled use of any specific antimicrobial drug product, and therefore, this test cannot be used in place of or to postpone or delay phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

A “Detected” or “Not Detected” result does not rule out the presence of other antimicrobial resistance markers not detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. A "Not Detected" result for a genetic marker of antimicrobial resistance does not indicate susceptibility to associated antimicrobial drugs or drug classes, as multiple mechanisms of resistance may exist.

# 510(K) SUMMARY

OpGen, Inc.

# Acuitas® AMR Gene Panel

# I. INTRODUCTION

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92. According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence. The assigned 510(k) number is K191288.

A. SUBMITTER

OpGen, Inc.   
9717 Key West Avenue, Suite 100 Rockville, MD 20850

Phone: 301-869-9683 Fax: 301-869-9684 Email: regulatory@opgen.com

Contact Information:

Johannes Bacher, Chief Operating Officer OpGen, Inc.   
9717 Key West Avenue, Suite 100   
Rockville, MD 20850 US

Phone: 301-869-9683   
Fax: 301-869-9684

Date Prepared: September 29, 2021

B. NAME OF DEVICE

Acuitas® AMR Gene Panel

C. COMMON OR USUAL NAME

Acuitas AMR Gene Panel

# D. REGULATORY INFORMATION

1. Regulation Section:

21 CFR 866.1640 (Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder)

# 2. Classification:

Class II

# 3. Product Code:

PMY - System, Nucleic Acid Amplification Test, DNA, Carbapenem Non-Susceptible Gram Negative Organism, Colony

OOI - Real-time nucleic acid amplification system

# E. PREDICATE DEVICE

The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel is substantially equivalent to the Cepheid Xpert® Carba-R [510(k) # K152614].

# F. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Acuitas® AMR Gene Panel is a qualitative nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic test capable of simultaneous detection and identification of select genetic determinants of antimicrobial resistance (AMR) in isolated bacterial colonies grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar. The test detects twenty-eight (28) genetic determinants of resistance to the following nine (9) antibiotic classes: aminoglycosides, carbapenems, cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, penicillins, polymyxins, sulfonamides, trimethoprim and vancomycin. The assay is performed on pure colonies of Enterobacterales and Pseudomonas aeruginosa grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar along with Enterococcus faecalis grown on blood agar.

The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel kit contains all of the necessary reagents for PCR and detection in order to amplify and detect DNA from pure colonies of Enterobacterales (Citrobacter freundii complex (Citrobacter braakii, Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter werkmanii, Citrobacter youngae), Citrobacter koseri, Enterobacter cloacae complex (Enterobacter asburiae, Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter hormaechei, Enterobacter kobei, Enterobacter ludwigii), Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella quasipneumoniae, Klebsiella aerogenes, Klebsiella michiganensis, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella variicola, Morganella morganii, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia rettgeri, Providencia stuartii, Raoultella ornithinolytica, Raoultella planticola, Serratia marcescens) and Pseudomonas aeruginosa grown on blood agar or MacConkey agar, as well as Enterococcus faecalis grown on blood agar from clinical specimens. The test kit includes PCR plates (96-well) with dried primers and probes for analysis of four (4) isolates (24 wells per isolate).

The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay employs automated deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) extraction on the QIAGEN® EZ1® Advanced XL System and multiplex real-time PCR on an OpGen Qualified Applied Biosystems™ QuantStudio™ 5 Real-Time PCR System (“OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5”)

for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. The QIAGEN EZ1 DSP Virus Kit has been selected for use as the sample preparation method for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel test.

After colony isolation, the user prepares a 0.5 McFarland suspension for each bacterial isolate and performs DNA extraction. DNA is extracted on the QIAGEN EZ1 Advanced XL System according to manufacturer instructions incorporating the Assay Control within the extraction process. A sample of extracted DNA eluate is transferred to a Reagent Reservoir trough to which Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Master Mix is added. Extracted DNA/Master Mix is transferred to each of 24 wells on the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel PCR plate per test sample. The contents of each well are mixed, and the plate is sealed and transferred to the OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for real-time multiplex reaction and detection using the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel PCR Template File.

Data are exported from the OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 and imported into the Acuitas AMR Gene Analysis Software, a spreadsheet application that analyzes the data and generates a report for viewing and printing. Each test report indicates detection of applicable antimicrobial resistance gene variants as “Detected”, “Not Detected” or “NA/NR”.

The Applied Biosystems QuantStudio 5 Real-Time PCR System is not intended for clinical diagnostic purposes. The OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel is a component of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay and is cleared for in vitro diagnostic use only with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel and not for any other application. The OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel may only be used with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel after the instrument has been qualified for use by OpGen, Inc.

# G. INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Acuitas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ AMR Gene Panel, performed on the QIAGEN $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $\tt E Z 1 ( \tt R )$ Advanced XL System and the OpGen Qualified QuantStudio™ 5 Real-Time PCR System, is a qualitative nucleic acid-based multiplex in vitro diagnostic test for detection and differentiation of antibiotic resistance markers to one or more antimicrobial agents. The test utilizes real‐time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and is performed on isolated colonies of Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Enterococcus faecalis, or members of Enterobacterales grown in pure culture on blood agar or MacConkey agar.

Organism identification results must be available prior to reporting results for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. Antimicrobial resistance gene results are reported by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for the combinations of bacterial pathogens and associated genetic resistance markers indicated in Table 1 below.

Table 1 - Antimicrobial Resistance Gene Markers (Genetic Determinants) Associated with Bacterial Species   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reported AMR Gene Marker</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii complex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacaecomplex b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, TEM d</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, CMY, CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, CTX-M-9, DFR, gyrA Mutant , KPC, MCR-1°, OXA-1, OXA-9, SHV d,Sul1, Sul2, TEM d</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella michiganensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, APH, CMY, CTX-M-1, CTX-M- 9, DFR, DHA, IMP, KPC, NDM, OXA-1, OXA-9, OXA-48, RMT,Sul1, Sul2, TEM d</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella quasipneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella variicola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, APH, armA, CMY, CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, CTX-M-9, DFR, KPC, NDM, OXA-1, OXA-9, OXA-48, Sul2,TEM d, VEB, VIM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, gyrA Mutant ©, KPC, NDM, OXA-1, PER, SHV d, TEM d, VEB, VIM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Raoultella ornithinolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Raoultella planticola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, CTX-M-9, KPC, NDM, OXA-48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"> Citrobacer freudiicomplex = C. freundi, C. braaki, C. werkmanii nd C. youngae.Enterobacer cloace complex = E. asburiae, E. cloacae, E. hormaechei E. kobei and E. ludwigi.acid position 87 for E. coli and position 83 for P. aeruginosa. 104 associated with wild type penicilli resistance and mutations associated with ESBL phenotypes. peclu  eti il oliseneent l.</td></tr></table>

The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel includes assays for the detection and reporting of genetic resistance markers associated with resistance to select drugs in the following antibiotic groups: aminoglycosides, carbapenems, cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, penicillins, sulfonamides, trimethoprim, and vancomycin, to aid in the identification of potentially antimicrobial-resistant organisms. The panel includes an assay for the detection of the mobilized colistin genetic determinant MCR-1, a marker of public health importance associated with reduced inhibitory activity of polymyxins.

The results of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for detection and identification of genetic determinants associated with antimicrobial resistance are used along with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Electronic User Guide (EUG). In certain cases, this information may be used as an aid to clinicians in the management of patients with known or suspected antibiotic non-susceptible or resistant bacterial infections. The EUG contains information on the appropriateness of reporting resistance markers detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for claimed organisms based on the strength of the collective, totality of scientific evidence delineating the level of association between molecular marker detection with phenotypic, clinical resistance. Test results are not conclusive or prescriptive for labeled use of any specific antimicrobial drug product, and therefore, this test cannot be used in place of or to postpone or delay phenotypic antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

A “Detected” or “Not Detected” result does not rule out the presence of other antimicrobial resistance markers not detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. A "Not Detected" result for a genetic marker of antimicrobial resistance does not indicate susceptibility to associated antimicrobial drugs or drug classes, as multiple mechanisms of resistance may exist.

# H. PREDICATE DEVICE

Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay is substantially equivalent to Cepheid Xpert® Carba-R, [510(k) K152614]. The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay and the Xpert Carba-R Assay both detect target gene sequences from antibiotic-resistant bacteria and use real-time PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection.

The performance characteristics of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel with bacterial isolates were determined in a multi-site investigational clinical study by comparing the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel to the results of Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS) and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST). Table 2 compares the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel to the Cepheid Xpert® Carba-R and outlines the similarities and differences between the two systems.

Table 2 - Comparison of Similarities and Differences of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acuitas® AMR Gene Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Carba-R Assay (K152614)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial Isolates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial Isolates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismsIndicated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacterales, Pseudomonasaeruginosa, and Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacterbaumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, ANT, APH, armA, CMY,CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, CTX-M-9, DFR,DHA, E. coli gyrA mutant, IMP, KPC,MCR-1, NDM, OXA-1, OXA-9, OXA-48,P. aeruginosa gyrA mutant, PER, RMT,SHV, Sul1, Sul2, TEM, vanA, VEB andVIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48,and blalMP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Nucleic acid amplification(DNA); real-time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully automated nucleic acidamplification (DNA); real-time PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation ofResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic software on a PersonalComputer (PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacterales, Pseudomonasaeruginosa and Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacteriaceae, Acinetobacterbaumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target AntibioticClasses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminoglycosides, Carbapenems,Cephalosporins, Fluoroquinolones,Penicillins, Polymyxins, Sulfonamides,Trimethoprim, and Vancomycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbapenems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acuitas® AMR Gene Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Carba-R Assay (K152614)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gene Sequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, ANT, APH, armA, CMY,CTX-M-1, CTX-M-2, CTX-M-9, DFR,DHA, E. coli gyrA mutant, IMP, KPC,MCR-1, NDM, OXA-1, OXA-9, OXA-48,P. aeruginosa gyrA mutant, PER, RMT,SHV, Sul1, Sul2, TEM, vanA, VEB andVIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaKPC, blaNDM, blaVIM, blaOXA-48,and blalMP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAGEN® EZ1® AdvanCed XL DNAExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated with GeneXpert® System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OpGen Qualified QuantStudio ™M 5Real-Time PCR System1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One Assay Control, External ControlsAvailable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Sample Processing Control(SPC) and Probe Check Control(PCC); External Controls available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spreadsheet application which takesoutput from the OpGen QualifiedQuantStudio 5 and generates report onthe gene sequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated test report using diagnosticsoftware</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to obtainresults from startof test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 2.5 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 50 minutes to results</td></tr></table>

1 The Applied Biosystems QuantStudio 5 Real-Time PCR System is not intended for clinical diagnostic purposes. The OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel is a component of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay and is cleared for in vitro diagnostic use only with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel and not for any other application. The OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel may only be used with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel after the instrument has been qualified for use by OpGen, Inc.

II. PERFORMANCE DATA

# A. SELECTED NON-CLINICAL STUDIES

# 1. Reproducibility

Reproducibility of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was evaluated using a panel of 300 uniquely labeled samples composed of ten (10) unique isolates. The panel was provided to three (3) testing sites, one (1) of which was OpGen. The panel was rotated across two (2) operators, two (2) OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 instruments and one (1) EZ1 Instrument per site over 20 days. Three (3) unique lots of all materials were used and rotated at each testing site.

Overall results for each sample tested in the reproducibility study are summarized in Table 3 - Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Reproducibility of Study Panel – by Isolate. Total agreement per sample (All Sites) ranged from $96 \%$ to $100 \%$ .

Table 3 - Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Reproducibility of Study Panel – by Isolate a   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Isolate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>All Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00000068-001(E. coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/9096%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00015886-001(E. coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/14b93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/2997%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/8999%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00009154-001(E. coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9099%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00009721-001(K. pneumoniae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/9098%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00007800-001(K. pneumoniae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/9098%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00008624-001(P. aeruginosa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15c93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/9097%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00013504-001(P. mirabilis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/9098%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00013200-001d(P. mirabilis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/1593%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14e100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/2997%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88/8999%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00022926-001(E. faecalis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00006246-001f(S. aureus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/15f93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3097%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9099%</td></tr></table>

a. Table includes reported AMR gene results per organism as described in Table 1 along with species ID results for $\boldsymbol { E }$ . coli and $P$ . aeruginosa as used in conjunction with mutant gyrase results for these two organisms. b. One replicate of L00015886-001 had invalid results due to an Assay Control Failure. The replicate was repeated using the same lot, instrument, and operator as the original testing event. The repeat data agreed $100 \%$ with expected results. Neither initial nor repeat results are reported for this replicate. c. Amplification present for $P$ . aeruginosa gyraseA assay called negative due to negative P. aeruginosa ID result in one sample. d. CTX-M-14 (AF252622) was reported by WGS for L00013200-001-300187 on lane 300187, which are the correct WGS results for L00013200-001. e. One replicate of L00013200-001 had invalid results due to an Assay Control Failure. The replicate was repeated using the same lot, instrument, and operator as the original testing event. The repeat data had $100 \%$ agreement with the expected results. Neither initial nor repeat results are reported for this replicate. f. The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel is not intended for S. aureus, which served as a negative control in this study. S. aureus was evaluated for all AMR genes in Table 1 except for gyrase gene targets. One replicate sample of L00006246-001 was false positive for the AAC assay.

Overall results for each assay target in the reproducibility test panel are summarized in Table 4 - Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Reproducibility of Study Panel - by Gene Target. Total agreement ranged from $9 7 . 8 \%$ to $100 \%$ for detected results and $9 9 . 4 \%$ to $100 \%$ for not detected results across the individual assay targets.

Table 4 - Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Reproducibility of Study Panel - by Gene Target d   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AcuitasAMRGeneTarget</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ExpectedResults</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total %Agreementby Target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AAC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/59100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/119100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">359/359100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/74100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/149100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/75 d98.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/15099.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">448/44999.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/6010%%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180/180100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ANT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.30%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/3093.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58/6096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177/18098.30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/74100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/149100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73/7498.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148/14999.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/7598.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/15099.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">446/44899.60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">APH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/14100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/151100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360/360100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">armA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/44100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/269100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CMY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/301100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180/180100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/8998.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">178/17999.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179/179100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180/180100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">537/538999.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CTX-M-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180/180100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">628/628100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CTX-M-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">628/628100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CTX-M-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/141100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/8910%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/10599%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/21099.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">628/62999.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/44100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/269100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/74100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/149100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/751100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">449/449100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Op 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270/270100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. coligyrAMutant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/1593.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/1593.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.70%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/9097.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/59100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179/179100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. coli IDf</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/44100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/4597.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/9098.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268/26999.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">IMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/301100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179/18099.40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/119100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239/239100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/119100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239/239100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">718/718100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">MCR-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/59100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/119100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">359/359100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/3000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/901100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/74100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/149100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">449/449100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OXA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/601100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/59100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179/179100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">629/629100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OXA-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/119100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239/239100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119/119100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239/239100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240/240100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">718/718100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OXA-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/6098.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/59100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118/11999.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">358/35999.70%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P.aeruginosa gyrAMMutant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/1593.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/15c93.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88/9097.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetectede</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P.aeruginosaIID f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14/1593.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/3096.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/9098.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDeected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PER</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/3000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">RMT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/4500%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/9000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/4500%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270/270100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74/7410%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149/149100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75/75100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150/150100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">449/449100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sul1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 /60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120/120100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360/360100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59/59100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179/179100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/1049%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">208/20999.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">627/62899.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/151100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104/104100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209/209100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/1049%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">208/20999.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105/105100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210/210100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">627/62899.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/60100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180/180100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">vanA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/151100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">VEB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/44100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89 00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/269100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/151100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NotDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/90100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44/44100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89/89100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45/45100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90/9000%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269/269100%</td></tr></table>

a One replicate of L00015886-001 had invalid results due to an Assay Control Failure. The replicate was repeated using the same lot, instrument, and operator as the original testing event. The repeat data had $100 \%$ agreement with the expected results. Neither initial nor repeat results are reported for this replicate. b One replicate of L00013200-001 had invalid results due to an Assay Control Failure. The replicate was repeated using the same lot, instrument, and operator as the original testing event. The repeat data had $100 \%$ agreement with the expected results. Neither initial nor repeat results are reported for this replicate. c Amplification present for P. aeruginosa gyraseA assay called negative due to negative P. aeruginosa ID result in one sample.

e No data available.   
f Organism ID only utilized in the context of gyrA mutant detection.

# 2. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical sensitivity of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was evaluated by testing a panel of two hundred and ninety-eight (298) isolates covering all antimicrobial resistance genes detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel test. Each isolate in the test panel was tested once, except for isolates harboring rare resistance genes, which were replicated to achieve at least 18 positive data points per gene target assessed. The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel results were compared with species identification by well-established automated species identification methods and AMR gene detection by Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS).

Table 5 - Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results summarizes AMR genes detected or not detected by Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. Table 5 also indicates AMR gene variants predicted to be detected by in silico analysis but not tested in this study.

Table 5 - Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Results a, e   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AMR Gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Acuitas AMR Gene Panel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Other AMR Gene Variants Predicted to be Detectedby Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Based on InSilico Analysisd</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamplesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofUniqueIsolatesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Gene(s)Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Gene(s)NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aac(3)-lla,aac(3)-Ild,aac(3)-IVa,aac(6&#x27;)-Ib,aac(6&#x27;)ib-cr,aacA4-8, aacA4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectable: aac(3)-lIc, aac(3)-lle, aac(3)-Ib-aac(6&#x27;)-lb,ant(3&quot;)-Ih-aac(6&#x27;)-Ild</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aadA1, aadA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectable: aadA13, aadA3, aadA8, aadA8b, aadA7b,aadA17Likely Detectable: aadA12, aadA21, aadA22, aadA23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aadB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aph(4)-la</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aph(4)-la_v01499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>armA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>armA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>CMY</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>blaCMY-16,blaCMY-2,blaCMY-4,blaCMY-42,blaCMY-6,blaCMY-60</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>blaCMY-16_FJ855437</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectable:blaBIL-1, blaCMY-0, blaCMY-102, blaCMY-108, blaCMY-110, blaCMY-111, blaCMY-112, blaCMY-113, blaCMY-114, blaCMY-115, blaCMY-118, blaCMY-12, blaCMY-14, blaCMY-15, blaCMY-17, blaCMY-18,blaCMY-20,  blaCMY-21, blaCMY-22, blaCMY-23,blaCMY-24, blaaACMY-5, blaCMY-27, blaaCMY-28,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>blaCMY-29,  blaCMY-3, blaCMY-30,  blaCMY-31,blaCMY-32, blaCMY-3, blaCY-34,  blaCMY-35,blaCMY-36,  blaCMY-38, blaaCMY-39,  blaCMY-41,blaCMY-43,  blaCMY-44, blaCMY-45, blaCMY-47,blaCMY-48,  blaCMY-5,  blaCMY-50,  blaCMY-51,blaCMY-54,  blaCMY-55,  blaCMY-56, blaCMY-57,blaCMY-58,  blaCMY-59,  blaCMY-61, blaCMY-62,blaCMY-63, blaCMY-65, blaCMY-6, blaCMY-67,blaCMY-68,  blaCMY-69,  blaCMY-7,  blaCMY-71,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaCMY-59,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaCMY-72,  blaCMY-75, blaCMY-76,  blaCMY-77,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaCMY-78, blaCMY-80, blaCMY-81, blaCMY-84,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaCMY-87, blaCMY-90, blaCMY-94, blaCMY-95,</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AMR Gene</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Acuitas AMR Gene Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Other AMR Gene Variants Predicted to be Detectedby Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Based on InSilico Analysisd</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofSamplesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofUniqueIsolatesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMR Gene(s)Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMR Gene(s)NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCMY-99, blaLAT-1,blaCMY-103, blaCMY-117,blaCMY-79Likely Detectable: blaCMY-13, blaCMY-26, blaCMY-37,blaCMY-49,blaCMY-73,blaCMY-79, blaCMY-116,blaCMY-117,Potentially Detectable: blaCMY-40, blaCMY-53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCTX-M-1,blaCTX-M-15,blaCTX-M-55,blaCTX-M-64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCTX-M-15_DQ302097</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaCTX-M, blaCTX-M-10, blaCTX-M-101,blaCTX-M-103, blaCTX-M-107, blaCTX-M-108, blaCTX-M-109, blaCTX-M-11, blaCTX-M-114, blaCTX-M-117,blaCTX-M-12, blaCTX-M-123, blaCTX-M-132, blaCTX-M-136, blaCTX-M-139, blaCTX-M-144, blaCTX-M-22,blaCTX-M-28, blaCTX-M-29, blaCTX-M-3, blaCTX-M-30,blaCTX-M-32, blaCTX-M-33, blaCTX-M-34, blaCTX-M-36, blaCTX-M-37, blaCTX-M-38, blaCTX-M-42, blaCTX-M-52, blaCTX-M-53, blaCTX-M-54, blaCTX-M-58,blaCTX-M-60, blaCTX-M-61, blaCTX-M-62, blaCTX-M-66, blaCTX-M-68, blaCTX-M-69, blaCTX-M-71, blaCTX-M-72, blaCTX-M-79, blaCTX-M-82, blaCTX-M-88,blaCTX-M-89, blaCTX-M-96Likely Detectable: blaCTX-M-116, blaCTX-M-142,blaCTX-M-23, blaCTX-M-80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCTX-M-131,blaCTX-M-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaCTX-M-141, blaCTX-M-20, blaCTX-M-31,blaCTX-M-35, blaCTX-M-43, blaCTX-M-44, blaCTX-M-5,blaCTX-M-56, blaCTX-M-59, blaCTX-M-76, blaCTX-M-77, blaCTX-M-92, blaCTX-M-95, blaCTX-M-97Likely Detectable: blaCTX-M-115, blaCTX-M-124</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCTX-M-14,blaCTX-M-14b,blaCTX-M-27,blaCTX-M-64,blaCTX-M-65,blaCTX-M-9,blaCTX-M-90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaCTX-M-104, blaCTX-M-106, blaCTX-M-110, blaCTX-M-111, blaCTX-M-112, blaCTX-M-113,blaCTX-M-121, blaCTX-M-122, blaCTX-M-123, blaCTX-M-125, blaCTX-M-126, blaCTX-M-129, blaCTX-M-13,blaCTX-M-130, blaCTX-M-134, blaCTX-M-147, blaCTX-M-148, blaCTX-M-159, blaCTX-M-16, blaCTX-M-17,blaCTX-M-19, blaCTX-M-21, blaCTX-M-24, blaCTX-M-38, blaCTX-M-46, blaCTX-M-47 blaCTX-M-48, blaCTX-M-49, blaCTX-M-50, blaCTX-M-51, blaCTX-M-67,blaCTX-M-81, blaCTX-M-83, blaCTX-M-84, blaCTX-M-85, blaCTX-M-86, blaCTX-M-87, blaCTX-M-93, blaCTX-M-98, blaCTX-M-99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA17, dfrA5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaDHA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable:  blaDHA-10,  blaDHA-13,  blaDHA-14,blaDHA-15,blaDHA-17, blaDHA-18,blaDHA-19,blaDHA-2, blaDHA-20, blaDHA-21, blaDHA-22, blaDHA-3, blaDHA-5, blaDHA-6, blaDHA-7, blaDHA-9, blaMOR-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blalMP-1,blalMP-13,blaMP-18,blalMP-26,blalMP-34,blalMP-4,blalMP-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blalMP-10, blalMP-25, blalMP-3, blalMP-40,blalMP-42, blalMP-52, blalMP-14, blalMP-14a, blalMP-19, blalMP-2, blalMP-20, blalMP-24, blalMP-32, blalMP-48, blalMP-8, blalMP-28, blalMP-5Likely Detectable: blalMP-15, blalMP-29Potentially Detectable: blalMP-38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaKPC-2,blaKPC-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaKPC-2_AY034847</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaKPC-1, blaKPC-10, blaKPC-11, blaKPC-12, blaKPC-13, blaKPC-14, blaKPC-15, blaKPC-16,blaKPC-17, blaKPC-19, blaKPC-22, blaKPC-4, blaKPC-5, blaKPC-6, blaKPC-8, blaKPC-9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCR-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCR-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaNDM-1,blaNDM-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaNDM-12, blaNDM-2, blaNDM-3, blaNDM-4, blaNDM-5, blaNDM-6, blaNDM-8, blaNDM-9Likely Detectable: blaNDM-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-1,blaOXA-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-1_J02967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaOXA-224, blaOXA-31, blaOXA-320Likely Detectable: blaOXA-47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofSamplesPositive forGenebyWGS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofUniqueIsolatesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMR Gene(s)Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMR Gene(s)NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-181,blaOXA-232,blaOXA-370,blaOXA-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-48_AY236073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaOXA-162, blaOXA-163, blaOXA-199,blaOXA-204, blaOXA-244, blaOXA-245, blaOXA-247</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-9_JF703130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PER</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaPER-1,blaPER-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaPER-4, blaPER-5, blaPER-7, blaPER-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RMT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rmtB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: rmtFLikely Detectable: rmtB2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaSHV-12,blaSHV-2a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaSHV-1,  blaSHV-100,  blaSHV-101,blaSHV-102,blaSHV-103,blaSHV-104,blaKV-106,blaSHV-107, blaSHV-108,blaSHV-109,blaSHV-11,blaSHV-119,blaSHV-120,blaSHV-121,blaSHV-122,blaSXV-128,blaSSV-129,blaSV-13,blaSHV-132,blaSHV-133,blaSV-135,blaSHV-137, blaSHV-14,blaSHV-140,blaSHV-141,blaSHV-142,blaSHV-143,blaSHV-144,blaSHV-145,blaSHV-147,blaSHV-148,blaSHV-149,blaSHV-15,blaSHV-150, blaSHV-151,blaSHV-152,blaSHV-153, blaSHV-154, blaSHV-155,blaSHV-156,blaSHV-157,blaSHV-158,blaSV-159,blaSV-16,blaSHV-160, blaSHV-161,blaSHV-162,blaSHV-163,blaSHV-164,blaSV-165,blaSXV-167,blaSHV-168,blaSHV-172,blaSHV-173,blaSHV-178,blaSHV-179, blaSHV-18, blaSHV-183, blaSHV-2,blaSHV-24, blaSHV-25, blaSHV-26, blaSHV-28, blaSHV-29, blaSHV-30, blaSHV-31, blaSHV-33, blaSHV-34,blaSHV-35, blaSHV-36, blaSHV-38, blaSHV-40, blaSHV-41, blaSHV-42, blaSHV-44, blaSHV-46, blaSHV-48,blaSHV-49, blaSHV-5, blaSHV-50, blaSHV-51, blaSHV-52, blaSHV-55, blaSHV-56, blaSHV-57, blaSHV-59,blaSHV-60, blaSHV-61, blaSHV-62, blaSHV-63, blaSHV-64, blaSHV-65, blaSHV-66, blaSHV-67, blaSHV-69,blaSHV-7, blaSHV-70, blaSHV-71, blaSHV-72, blaSHV-73, blaSHV-74, blaSHV-75, blaSHV-76, blaSHV-77,blaSHV-78, blaSHV-79, blaSHV-8, blaSHV-80, blaSHV-81, blaSHV-82, blaSHV-83, blaSHV-85, blaSHV-86,blaSHV-89, blaSHV-92, blaSHV-94, blaSHV-95, blaSHV-96, blaSHV-97, blaSHV-98, blaSHV-99, blaOKP-A,blaSHV-105, blaSHV-110, blaSHV-27, blaSHV-45,blaSHV-93Likely Detectable: blaSHV-119, blaSHV-137, blaSHV-144, blaSHV-167, blaSHV-168, blaSHV-38, blaSHV-51,blaSHV-70, blaSHV-71, blaSHV-72, blaSHV-73, blaSHV-80, blaSHV-81</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul1_AY224185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul3 (AY047357)c, Sul3 (AB281183)cLikely Detectable: Sul1 (AM746675)Potentially Detectable: Sul1 (AY260546)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2_GQ421466</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaTEM-1,blaTEM-117,blaTEM-143,blaTEM-176,blaTEM-192,blaTEM-1A,blaaTEM-1B,laTEM-1C,blaTEM-1D,blaTEM-2,blaTEM-33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectable: blaTEM-10, blaTEM-101, blaTEM-102,blaTEM-104,blaTEM-105,blaTEM-108,,blaTEM-11,blaTEM-110,blaTEM-112,blaTEM-114,blaTEM-115,blaTEM-116,blaTEM-118,blaTEM-12,blaTEM-120,blaTEM-122,blaTEM-126,blaTEM-127,blaTEM-128,blaTEM-129,blaTEM-132,blaTEM-135,blaTEM-136,blaTEM-137,blaTEM-141,blaTEM-144,blaTEM-145,blaTEM-147,blaTEM-148,blaTEM-150,blaTEM-151,blaTEM-152,blaTEM-154,blaTEM-155,blaTEM-156,blaTEM-157,blaTEM-158,blaTEM-159,blaTEM-160,blaTEM-163,blaTEM-164,blaTEM-166,blaTEM-168,</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AMR Gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Acuitas AMR Gene Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Other AMR Gene Variants Predicted to be Detectedby Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Based on InSilico Analysisd</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSamplesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofUniqueIsolatesPositive forGene byWGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Gene(s)Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Gene(s)NotDetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=11 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-169,blaTEM-171,blaTEM-178,blaTEM-182,blaTEM-183,blaTEM-185,blaTEM-186,blaTEM-187,blaTEM-188,blaTEM-189,blaTEM-190,blaTEM-193,blaTEM-194,blaTEM-195,blaTEM-198, blaTEM-20,blaTEM-201,blaTEM-206,blaTEM-207,blaTEM-209,blaTEM-216, blaTEM-217,blaTEM-28, blaTEM-29,blaTEM-30,  blaTEM-34,  blaTEM-45,  blaTEM-47,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-48,  blaTEM-49,  blaTEM-53,  blaTEM-54,blaTEM-55,  blaTEM-57,  blaTEM-67,  blaTEM-68,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-55,  blaTEM-57,  blaTEM-67,  blaTEM-68,blaTEM-70,  blaTEM-71,  blaTEM-72,  bblaTEM-75,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-76,  blaTEM-77,  blaTEM-78,  blaTEM-79,blaTEM-80,  blaTEM-81,  blaTEM-82,  blaTEM-83,blaTEM-84,  blaTEM-85,  blaTEM-86,  blaTEM-91,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-93,  blaTEM-95,  blaTEM-96,  blaTEM-97,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-98, blaTEM-99, blaTEM-106, blaTEM-107,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-113,blaTEM-121,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>blaTEM-123,blaTEM-124,blaTEM-130,blaTEM-131,blaTEM-133,blaTEM-134,blaTEM-138,blaTEM-139,blaTEM-142,blaTEM-149,blaTEM-15,blaTEM-153,blaTEM-16,blaTEM-167,blaTEM-177,blaTEM-184,blaTEM-197,blaTEM-199,blaTEM-205,blTEM-21,blaTEM-211,  blaTEM-22,  blaTEM-24,  blaTEM-3,blaTEM-43,blaTEM-52, blaTEM-52B,blaTEM-52C,blaTEM-6, blaTEM-60, blaTEM-63, blaTEM-8, blaTEM-87, blaTEM-88, blaTEM-89, blaTEM-92, blaTEM-94Likely Detectable: blaTEM-17, blaTEM-125, blaTEM-146,blaTÉM-90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-139,blaTEM-153,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaTEM-184,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blTEM-21,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VanA-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VEB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaVEB-1,blaVEB-5,blaVEB-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectable: blaVEB-2, blaVEB-3, blaVEB-4, blaVEB-7,blaVEB-8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>blaVIM-1,blaVIM-2,blaVIM-20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectable: blaVIM-12, blaVIM-13, blaVIM-14, blaVIM-19, blaVIM-26, blaVIM-27, blaVIM-28, blaVIM-29,blaVIM-32, blaVIM-33, blaVIM-34, blaVIM-35, blaVIM-37,blaVIM-39, blaVIM-4, blaVIM-42, blaVIM-43, blaVIM-10,blaVIM-11, blaVIM-15, blaVIM-16, blaVIM-17, blaVIM-23,blaVIM-24, blaVIM-30, blaVIM-31, blaVIM-8, blaVIM-9,blaVIM-18, blaVIM-3, blaVIM-36, blaVIM-6, blaVIM-25,blaVIM-38, blaVIM-5</td></tr></table>

a Results include combinations of AMR gene variants and organisms tested in the study that are absent from Table 1. b One gene variant of aadA7 (NCBI Accession AF224733) is not consistently detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel due to 4 mismatches with the reverse PCR primer and one mismatch with the PCR probe of the AAD assay. Other aadA7 variants lack the mismatches and are expected to be consistently detected. c Only these two Sul3 sequences are predicted to be detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. Other Sul3 accession numbers are not predicted to be detected. d Detectable indicates $100 \%$ homology of each primer/detector probe(s) with the target sequence. Likely Detectable indicates $< 1 0 0 \%$ homology of one or both primers with the target sequence (one mismatch in one or both primers) and $100 \%$ homology of detector probe(s). Potentially Detectable indicates ${ < } 9 5 \%$ homology of one or more primers with the target sequence but $\leq 2$ nucleotide mismatches over their entire length along with $100 \%$ homology of detector probe(s). e The test panel for this study was composed of 5 Enterococcus faecalis, 69 Escherichia coli, 3 Klebsiella pneumoniae ssp ozaenae, 89 Klebsiella pneumoniae ssp pneumoniae, 34 Proteus mirabilis, and 98 Pseudomonas aeruginosa strains.

# 3. Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity)

The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was investigated for potential cross-reactivity with AMR genes. Crossreactivity was also evaluated for the test’s species identification assays for E. coli and $P .$ . aeruginosa, which are used in conjunction with mutant gyrase assays for these two organisms.

Analytical specificity (cross-reactivity) of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was evaluated for a total of four hundred and twenty-three (423) isolates. One hundred twenty-five (125) isolates were tested in duplicate from a single 0.5 McFarland bacterial suspension to evaluate analytical specificity at the organism and AMR gene level. Additionally, cross-reactivity at the AMR gene level was evaluated for two-hundred and ninety-eight (298) isolates from the Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Study.

Acuitas AMR Gene Panel results were compared with species identification by well-established automated species identification methods and AMR gene detection by Whole Genome Sequencing.

Organisms that did not cross-react with the E. coli or P. aeruginosa species identification assays of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel are provided in Table 6 - Organisms without Cross-Reactivity.

Table 6 - Organisms without Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Bacterial Species</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Achromobacter xylosoxidans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Raoultella planticola</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii complex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gilvus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter ursingii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus hiraec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella species</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus italicus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus pseudoavium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia plymuthica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter braakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus raffinosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydiid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii complex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hafnia alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella dysenteriaed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sphingomonas paucimobilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter youngae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca ESBL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leclercia adecarboxylata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalisc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusoniia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii ssp morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia hermanniib</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia rettgeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae complex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus warneri</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter hormaecheic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas luteola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus disparc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas oryzihabitans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus durans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas putida</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia pseudotuberculosis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas stutzeri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

a. One isolate (Parent LDW L00021948-001) was identified as Escherichia fergusonii by ATCC and by WGS whereas the automated species identification method reported it as E. coli. The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel reported true negative for $P$ . aeruginosa species ID and false negative for E. coli species ID with this isolate based on the automated species identification method designation as E. coli. This isolate is included as E. fergusonii based on ATCC and WGS designation.   
b. One isolate (Parent LDW L00017841-001) was identified as Escherichia hermannii by ATCC and as Enterobacterales by WGS. The automated species identification method showed the isolate as E. coli. The Acuitas AMR Gene Panel reported true negative for P. aeruginosa species ID and false negative for E. coli species ID with this isolate based on the automated species identification method designation as E. coli. This isolate is included as E. hermannii based on ATCC and WGS designation.   
c. These isolates are included based on species designations by ATCC and/or WGS.   
d. Some but not all isolates of Shigella boydii and Shigella dysenteriae cross-react with the E. coli species ID assay of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel.

Isolates demonstrating cross-reactivity with the species identification assays of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel are summarized in Table 7 - Organisms Demonstrating Cross-Reactivity.

Table 7 - Organisms Demonstrating Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External Strain ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive SpeciesIdentification Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AR-0030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99-10354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9361</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 12025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 9290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli ID</td></tr></table>

Shigella boydii, Shigella dysenteriae, Shigella flexneri, and Shigella sonnei cross-reacted with the E. coli ID assay on the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel as expected from in silico analysis, although one (1) isolate of Shigella boydii (Parent LDW L00021962-001, External ID ATCC 9207) and one (1) isolate of Shigella dysenteriae (Parent LDW L00021966-001, External ID ATCC 49347) did not cross-react with the E. coli ID target. All Shigella strains that demonstrated cross-reactivity with the E. coli ID assay target had wild-type gyrase sequences. Therefore, no determination could be made regarding cross-reactivity of Shigella species with the E. coli gyrA Mutant assay.

No cross-reactivity was observed with genes/variants not targeted by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. Table 8 - AMR Gene Variants without Cross-Reactivity summarizes AMR genes that did not crossreact with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. The genes (or variants) in Table 8 were identified in a crossreactivity panel of organisms by WGS and are not specific targets of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel.

Table 8 - AMR Gene Variants without Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">AMR Gene Variants</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(2)-la</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-Ila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaMIR-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cphA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mcr-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrVC1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(3)-la</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-IIb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaMOX-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mecA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rmtC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(3)-Ic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-Vla</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mph(A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">rmtD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(3)-ld</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-VIb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mph(C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">spc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-XV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mph(D)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">strA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(6)-Ic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mph(E)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">strB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARR-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">msr(A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul3a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-aph(2")</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARR-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">msr(C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(41)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-Ic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACC-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">msr(E)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(A)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXA-94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">norA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(B)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-IIc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXY-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">oqxA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-Im</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaOXY-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">oqxB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(D)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aac(6')-Iq</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaPAO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrA3b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qepA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(G)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aacA29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaSME-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrB1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrB5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(J)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dfrG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(K)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaACT-7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cat(pC221)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ere(A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(M)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaADC-25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ere(B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tet(X)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCARB-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catA2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">erm(42)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VanH-A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaCMY-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catA3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">erm(A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VanR-A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadA7b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaHERA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catB10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">erm(B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VanS-A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aadD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaLEN11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catB3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">erm(C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VanX-A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ampH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaLEN17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catB7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">floR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VanY-A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ant(6)-Ila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaLEN22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">catB8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fosA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrB88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VanZ-A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(2")-Ilb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaLUT-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hugA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-la</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaMAL-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cmlA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inu(F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrS1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aph(3')-Ic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blaMIR-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cmx</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isa(A)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QnrS3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

a. Sul3 sequences in NCBI other than accession numbers AY047357 and AB281183. b. aadA7 is not consistently detected by the AMR Gene Panel due to 4 mismatches for the reverse PCR primer and one mismatch for the PCR probe of the AAD assay.

# 4. Fresh versus Frozen

The equivalence of fresh bacterial isolates and bacterial suspensions, previously prepared and stored frozen at ${ } ^ { - 2 0 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ , was established in a Fresh versus Frozen study to assess the performance of both preparations on the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel. A panel of nine (9) isolates covering all detected species and majority of the antimicrobial resistance genes in the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel were tested as a part of this study; refer to Table 9 - Fresh vs. Frozen Test Panel for the complete fresh versus frozen test panel. Each of the study isolates was cultured on blood agar from which 0.5 McFarland suspensions were prepared and aliquoted. $5 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L } 0 . 5$ McFarland aliquots were prepared for each isolate and each positive and negative external control. Positive and negatives controls prepared on Day 1 of $\mathtt { T } = 0$ testing were used throughout the duration of study.

Immediately following preparation of the 0.5 McFarland suspensions, ten (10) aliquots of each isolate were extracted for performing the $\mathtt { T } = 0$ testing event; this data served as the control data set. The remaining aliquots for each isolate, positive control, and negative control were stored at ${ } ^ { - 2 0 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until the final $\mathtt { T } = 5 6$ days testing event. Storage conditions are summarized below in Table 10 - Fresh vs. Frozen Study Storage Conditions.

Ten (10) replicates of each isolate were evaluated at each of two testing events (i.e., $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { T } } = 0$ , $\mathtt { T } = 5 6$ ). Testing for each timepoint was split across three (3) days, with each of three (3) operators testing ten (10) replicates of a single isolate, one (1) positive control and one (1) negative control on each day of testing.

Table 9 - Fresh vs. Frozen Test Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parent LDWNumber/External ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study LDWNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMR Genes Identified by Whole Genome Sequencing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00000068-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022847-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANT, DFR, E. coli gyrA Mutant, KPC, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015886-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022848-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009154-001a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022849-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFR, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009721-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022850-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, CMY, CTX-M-1, NDM, OXA-48, Sul1, Sul2,TEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00007800-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022851-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-1, IMP, OXA-1, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00008624-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022852-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant, PER, VIM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00013504-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022853-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, CMY, Sul2, TEM, VEB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00013200-001b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022854-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, APH, CTX-M-9, DFR, OXA-1, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATTC BAA-2573</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022855-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">aWGS results compiled from different sets of AMR Gene and Gyrase data.WGS results compiled from merged sets of AMR Gene data.</td></tr></table>

Prepared aliquots 0.5 McFarland suspensions, described above, of isolates as well as positive and negative controls were stored under conditions summarized in Table 10 - Fresh vs. Frozen Study Storage Conditions and tested with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel.

Table 10 - Fresh vs. Frozen Study Storage Conditions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number Isolates Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates per Isolate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh 0.5 McFarland</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 0 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen 0.5 McFarland</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 56 days at -15 to -25 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

Overall, $100 \%$ agreement was observed between the $\mathtt { T } = 0$ and frozen $\mathtt { T } = 5 6$ time points as summarized in Table 11 - Fresh versus Frozen Results.

Table 11 - Fresh versus Frozen Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study LDW Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Event</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates perI solate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates MatchingExpected Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022847-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022848-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022849-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022850-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022851-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022852-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00022853-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study LDW Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Event</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates perIsolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates MatchingExpected Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022854-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00022855-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

a. One (1) of ten (10) replicates of isolate L00022852-001 at $\mathtt { T } = 5 6$ had a false positive for ANT gene target. The time point for isolate L00022852-001 was repeated, and all ten (10) replicates returned expected gene targets. Substituting original results with retest results would improve the NPA to $100 \%$ . b. One of ten (10) replicates of L00022853-001 $( \top = 0 )$ ) had a false positive for DFR (dfrA17 gene). The time point for isolate L00022853-001 was repeated, and all ten (10) replicates returned expected gene targets. Substituting original results with retest results would improve the NPA to $100 \%$ .

# 5. Sample Stability - Extracted DNA

The performance of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was evaluated using extracted DNA stored at 15- ${ } ^ { 2 5 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and/or $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ prior to testing. Five (5) isolates harboring most of the AMR genes detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (Table 12 - Extracted DNA Stability Test Panel) were tested by one operator across two (2) OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 instruments. Three (3) replicates of each isolate were evaluated for each testing event.

Table 12 - Extracted DNA Stability Test Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parent LDW Number/ExternalID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study LDWNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Genes Identified by Whole GenomeSequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00005419-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021522-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CTX-M-9, DFR, E. coli gyrA Mutant, Sul1,Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00003125-002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021523-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K.pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, DHA, NDM, Sul1, Sul2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00000353-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021524-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00012247-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021525-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CTX-M-2, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021516-001/FS10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021521-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

The isolates were extracted and stored under the conditions specified in Table 13 - Extracted DNA Storage Conditions before testing at OpGen by a single operator on two (2) QuantStudio5 instruments.

Table 13 - Extracted DNA Storage Conditions   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Isolates Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates per Isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 C, then 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr></table>

The five (5) isolates were cultured on blood agar. Fourteen (14) 0.5 McFarland suspensions per isolate were prepared and DNA extracted. DNA extracts per isolate were pooled and aliquoted $( 5 0 0 ~ \mu \ L )$ for storage (Table 13). Three (3) 150µL replicates of extracted DNA were evaluated per isolate per storage condition.

Overall agreement between $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { T } } = 0$ and storage conditions are summarized in Table 14 - Extracted DNA Stability Results. There was $100 \%$ agreement for all samples and storage conditions compared with the $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { T } } = 0$ timepoint, supporting the claim that DNA extracted on the QIAGEN EZ1 Advanced XL System can be stored as follows before testing on the OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 instrument:

• Up to six (6) hours at room temperature;   
Up to seven (7) days at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ ;   
• Up to six (6) hours at room temperature followed by up to seven (7) days at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

Table 14 - Extracted DNA Stability Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study LDWNumber(Organism)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Event</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReplicatesTested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReplicatesMatchingT=0 Results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">L00021521-001(E. faecalis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 C, then 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">L00021522-001(E. coli)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 °C, then 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">L00021523-001(K. pneumoniae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 °C, then 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 7 days at 2-8 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">L00021524-001(P. aeruginosa)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 °C, then 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">L00021525-001(P. mirabilis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 6 hours at 15-25 °C, then 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 7 days at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# 6. Sample Stability - Frozen DNA

The performance of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was also evaluated using extracted DNA stored up to 30 days at $- 1 5 ^ { \circ } C$ to ${ } ^ { - 2 5 } { } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Five (5) isolates harboring most of the AMR genes detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (Table 15 - Frozen DNA Test Panel) were tested by one (1) operator across two (2) OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 instruments. Three (3) replicates of each isolate were evaluated for each testing event.

Table 15 - Frozen DNA Test Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parent LDWNumber/External ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study LDW Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Genes Identified by Whole GenomeSequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00005419-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021936-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CTX-M-9, DFR, E. coli gyrA Mutant, Sul1,Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00003125-002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021937-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, DHA, NDM, SuI1, Sul2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00000353-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021938-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00012247-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021939-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CTX-M-2, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021516-001/FS10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021940-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

Fifteen (15) 0.5 McFarland suspensions were prepared per isolate and DNA extracted. DNA extracts per each isolate were pooled and aliquoted into unique $1 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ aliquots. Three (3) DNA aliquots per isolate were tested immediately $( \mathsf { T } \mathsf { = } 0 )$ . Remaining aliquots were stored at -15 to ${ } ^ { - 2 5 } ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ for 14 or 30 days before testing.

Overall agreement was $100 \%$ between the $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { T } } = 0$ timepoint and tested storage conditions (Table 16 - Frozen DNA Results).

Table 16 - Frozen DNA Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study LDW Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Timepoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReplicatesTested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates MatchingExpected Results (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00021936-001(E. coli)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=14 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=30 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021937-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=14 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(K. pneumoniae)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=30 days at -20 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00021938-001(P. aeruginosa)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=14 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=30 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00021939-001(P. mirabilis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=14 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=30 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">L00021940-001(E. faecalis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=14 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T=30 days at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# 7. Sample Stability - Plated DNA

This study evaluated the stability of prepared Acuitas AMR Gene Panel plates, containing extracted DNA and Master Mix, after storage for 6 hours at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Five (5) isolates harboring most of the AMR genes detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (Table 17 - Prepared Plate Test Panel) were tested by one (1) operator across two (2) OpGen Qualified QuantStudio 5 instruments. Three (3) replicates of each isolate were evaluated for each testing event.

Table 17 - Prepared Plate Test Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Original LDWNumber/External ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDW Number for Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Genes Identified by Whole GenomeSequencing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00005419-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021931-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CTX-M-9, DFR, E. coli gyrA Mutant, Sul1,Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00003125-002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021932-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, DHA, NDM, SuI1, Sul2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00000353-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021933-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00012247-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021934-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CTX-M-2, Sul2, TEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021516-001/FS10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021935-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

Seven (7) 0.5 McFarland suspensions were prepared and extracted per isolate. Extracts per isolate were pooled and aliquoted $( 5 0 0 ~ \mu \ L )$ . Extracted DNA samples $( 1 5 0 ~ \mu \mathsf { L } )$ were combined with Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Master Mix (CP3402) and added to Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay plates (CP3230). Prepared plates were stored for zero or 6 hours at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ (Table 18 - Prepared Plate Storage Conditions) and tested.

Table 18 - Prepared Plate Storage Conditions   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Condition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Isolates Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates per Isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T = 0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td>T = 6 hours at 2-8 </td><td>5</td><td>3</td></tr></table>

Overall agreement was $100 \%$ between $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { T } } = 0$ and $\mathsf { T } { = } 6$ hours at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ (Table 19 - Prepared Plate Results).

Table 19 - Prepared Plate Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study LDW Number (Organism)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Timepoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates matchingT=0 Results (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021931-001 (E. coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 6 hours, 2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021932-001 (K. pneumoniae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 6 hours, 2-8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021933-001 (P. aeruginosa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 6 hours, 2-8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021934-001 (P. mirabilis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 6 hours, 2-8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021935-001 (E. faecalis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T = 6 hours, 2-8 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# 8. Media Equivalency

The equivalence of blood agar and MacConkey agar media when used to culture pure bacterial colonies for use with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel test was established by evaluating the performance of fifty-two (52) isolates harboring most of the AMR genes detected by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (Table 20 - Media Equivalency Test Panel).

Table 20 - Media Equivalency Test Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species ID and AMR GenesDetected by Whole Genome Sequencing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study LDWNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parent LDWNumber</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CMY, CTX-M-1, DFR, E. coli gyrA Mutant, OXA-1, SHV, Sul1,Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021535-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009217-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, CTX-M-1, E. coli gyrA Mutant, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021536-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00008878-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021537-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015883-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021538-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015885-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFR, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021539-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009368-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANT, E. coli gyrA Mutant, KPC, SHV, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021540-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009104-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, DFR, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021541-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009121-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMY, CTX-M-1, E. coli gyrA Mutant, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021542-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00008677-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021543-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009056-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021544-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015917-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021575-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00014163-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-1, DFR, E. coli gyrA Mutant, OXA-1, Sul1, Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021576-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015876-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021577-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015883-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, CTX-M-1, DFR, KPC, NDM, Sul1, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021545-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00005469-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, APH, CTX-M-1, OXA-1, OXA-48, Sul1, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021546-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00008681-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021547-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015913-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021548-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015918-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, KPC, Sul1, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021549-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009602-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1, RMT, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021550-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00011112-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, KPC, OXA-9, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021551-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00007709-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-1, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021552-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00007888-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-1, OXA-1, RMT, Sul1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021553-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009765-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021554-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00000120-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021578-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015918-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, AAD, CTX-M-1, OXA-1, OXA-48, Sul1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021579-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015736-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-1, OXA-1, OXA-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021580-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015867-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, OXA-, P.aerginsa grA Mutant, VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021555-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00008639-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021556-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00004931-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021557-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015786-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021558-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015788-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021559-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015789-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021560-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015790-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021561-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00010360-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-1, OXA-1, TEMa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021562-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00008666-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021563-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015792-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant, VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021564-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00009440-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021581-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00010871-001b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant, VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021582-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015582-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant, VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021583-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015586-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, APH, CTX-M-9, DFR, OXA-1, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021565-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00012352-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021566-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015759-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, ANT, CTX-M-9, DFR, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021567-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00012613-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021568-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015801-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, armA, CMY, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021569-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00012786-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, APH, OXA-1, Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021570-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015806-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC, CTX-M-2, OXA-9, Sul2, TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021571-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00012812-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021572-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015828-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMY, NDM, Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021573-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00012564-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021574-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015912-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021584-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00013441-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021585-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015645-001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00021586-001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L00015912-001</td></tr></table>

a. Re-sequencing of isolate L00021562-001 unambiguously identified the species as $P .$ . aeruginosa and detected AMR gene variants P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant and VEB. b. WGS results compiled from different sets of AMR gene and Gyrase data.

Thirteen (13) isolates per organism (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, P. aeruginosa, and $P .$ . mirabilis) were cultured on both blood agar and MacConkey agar. E. faecalis was not tested as it does not grow on MacConkey agar. A 0.5 McFarland suspension was prepared from pure colonies on the blood and MacConkey agar for testing with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel.

Percent agreement was determined for detection of AMR genes by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel versus Whole Genome Sequencing for each isolate replicate from blood and MacConkey agar.

Acuitas AMR Gene Panel results were compiled and analyzed to show percent agreement with the two comparator methods (well-established automated species identification methods and Whole Genome Sequencing) for each combination of organism, AMR gene and agar media, as summarized in Table 21 - Performance from MacConkey and Blood Agar, which represents original results without inclusion or analysis of repeat results. Isolate (testing event) agreement across all AMR genes and both types of agar media ranged from 62 to $92 \%$ across the four organisms versus the two comparator methods (not shown directly in Table 23). Incorporation of repeat test results as described in the footnotes of Table 21 would improve isolate agreement as follows: E. coli on blood $( 1 0 0 \% )$ , E. coli on MacConkey $( 1 0 0 \% )$ , K. pneumoniae on blood $( 1 0 0 \% )$ , K. pneumoniae on MacConkey $( 1 0 0 \% )$ , $P$ . aeruginosa on blood $( 1 0 0 \% )$ , $P .$ . aeruginosa on MacConkey $( 1 0 0 \% )$ , $P .$ . mirabilis on blood $( 9 2 \% )$ , and $P .$ mirabilis on MacConkey $( 9 2 \% )$ .

The study did not uncover evidence of a media effect between blood and MacConkey agar, determining that both are suitable for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel.

Table 21 - Performance from MacConkey and Blood Agar   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ResistanceMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberof Testingvents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Blood Agar</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MacConkey Agar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN(TN+FP))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN(TN+FP))(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">E. coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19- 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19  100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. coli gyrA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCR-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19- 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)(67.56 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)(67.56 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01-100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K. pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)(67.56 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)(67.56 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ResistanceMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numbero of TestingEvents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Blood Agar</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MacConkey Agar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN/(TN+FP))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN/(TN+FP))(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="17"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAD a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75% (3/4)0.06 -95.4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65  100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75  100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7% (6/7)(48.69 -97.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)60.97  100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(0.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DHA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−·</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−·</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)77.19 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)77.19 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)(43.85 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)(72.25 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)(43.85 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)(72.25 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75  100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)(43.85 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)(72.25 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)(43.85 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)(72.25 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RMTb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (1/2)(9.45 -90.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 -100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul1 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55- 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)(67.56 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80% (4/5)(37.55 -9638)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)67.56 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.3% (5/6)(43.65 -6.99)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P. aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7% (6/7)48.69 -7.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7% (6/7)(48.69 -7.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ResistanceMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberoof TestingEvents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Blood Agar</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MacConkey Agar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN/(TN+FP))(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN/(TN+FP))(5% C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/1)(0 - 79.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/1)(0 - 79.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P.aeruginosagyrA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7% (6/7)(48.69 -97.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)77.9 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (1/2)(9.45 - 90.55)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (1/2)(9.45 - 90.55)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PER</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SHV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/1)(0 - 79.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/1)(0 -79.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VEB d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3% (12/13)(66.69 -98.63)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3% (12/13)(66.69 -98.63)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (4/4)(51.01-100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (9/9)(70.08 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">P. mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AAC ef</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80% (4/5)(37.55-6.38)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75% (6/8)(40.93 -92.85)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (5/5)(56.55 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (8/8)(67.56 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ANT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">armA g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.7% (11/12)(64.61 -98.51)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.7% (11/12)(64.61 -8.51)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-1 h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3% (12/13)(66.69-98.63)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ResistanceMarker</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numbero of TestingEvents</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Blood Agar</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">MacConkey Agar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CIl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN/(TN+FP))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PPA(TP/(TP+FN))(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPA(TN/(TN+FP))(5% C)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-2 f, i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/1)(0 - 79.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.7% (11/12)(64.61 -98.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CTX-M-9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19  100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75  100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-1h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.9% (10/11)(62.26 -8.38)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (2/2)(34.24 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (11/11)(74.12 -100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-9 f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/1)(0 - 79.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (1/1)(20.65 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (12/12)(75.75 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OXA-48 h</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3% (12/13)(66.69 -98.63)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sul2 f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.3% (5/6)(43.665-6.99)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEM f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.3% (5/6)443.65-96.99)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (6/6)(60.97 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (7/7)(64.57 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VEB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 100)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (13/13)(77.19 - 100)</td></tr></table>

media produced false negatives for CTX-M-1, RMT and TEM on both media, which is not consistent with a media effect. Adjudication testing was performed with this isolate in duplicate on both agar media and true positives for CTX-M-1, RMT and TEM were obtained for all samples. Substituting original results with these adjudication test results would improve isolate (testing event) agreement across all AMR genes to $100 \%$ for $\kappa .$ . pneumoniae on blood media.

$^ \circ \mathsf { A }$ false negative was obtained with one isolate on MacConkey agar for $P$ . aeruginosa gyrA mutant. This isolate was repeated on both media, and true positives were obtained for $P .$ . aeruginosa gyrA mutant on both media. Substituting original results with retest results would improve isolate (testing event) agreement across all AMR genes to $100 \%$ for $P .$ . aeruginosa on both media.

d One isolate was not evaluated for $P$ . aeruginosa gyrA due to a mismatch in species ID from WGS and the expected species. E. coli was reported by whole genome sequencing, but the isolate was expected to be $P .$ . aeruginosa. Results of re-sequencing for this isolate agree with the Acuitas AMR Gene panel results for the isolate producing true positives for $P .$ aeruginosa gyrase mutant and VEB with true negatives for all other AMR gene variants on both media.

e False positives were obtained with two isolates on blood agar for AAC. The two isolates were repeated on both media, and true negatives were obtained for AAC for both isolates on both media.

f False negatives were obtained with one isolate on blood agar for AAC, CTX-M-2, OXA-9, Sul2 and TEM. This isolate was repeated on both media, and true positives were obtained for AAC, CTX-M-2, OXA-9, Sul2 and TEM on both media.

g False positives were obtained with one isolate on both media for armA. Substituting original results with retest results would improve isolate (testing event) agreement across all AMR genes to $9 2 \%$ (12/13) for $P$ . mirabilis on both media. The lack of $100 \%$ agreement is due to the false positives on both media for armA, which is not consistent with a media effect.   
h False positives were obtained with one isolate on blood agar for CTX-M-1, OXA-1 and OXA-48. This isolate was repeated on both media, and true negatives were obtained for CTX-M-1, OXA-1 and OXA-48 on both media.   
$^ { \mathrm { i } } \mathsf { A }$ false positive was obtained with one isolate on blood agar for CTX-M-2. This isolate was repeated on both media, and true negatives were obtained for CTX-M-2 on both media.

# 9. Carry-over/Cross-Contamination

Carry-over/cross contamination between samples tested by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was evaluated. A panel of twelve (12) isolates representing organisms targeted by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel test, harboring a variety of the targeted resistance genes, and a negative control isolate were subject to testing; refer to Table 22 - Carry-over/Cross-Contamination Test Panel.

Table 22 - Carry-over/Cross-Contamination Test Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parent LDWNumber/External ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study LDWNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR Genes Detected by Whole GenomeSequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00008802-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021588-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, E. coli gyrA Mutant, OXA-1, SHV, Sul1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00009106-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021589-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, Sul1, TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00000411-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021590-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, APH, KPC, SuI1, TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00011693-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021591-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, ANT, CTX-M-2, P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00012604-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021592-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, APH, CTX-M-9, DFR, OXA-1, Sul2, TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00014668-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021593-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00008788-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021594-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, CMY, E. coli gyrA Mutant, SHV, Su1, Sul2,TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00009581-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021595-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, CTX-M-1, DFR, OXA-9, Sul1, Sul2, TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00007838-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021596-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, AAD, CTX-M-1, NDM, RMT, Sul2, TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00007586-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021597-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa gyrA Mutant, VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00000276-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021598-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. mirabilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC, armA, CTX-M-1, Sul2, TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021587-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021599-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr></table>

Two (2) operators prepared and blinded a panel of six (6) positive isolates and six (6) negative control isolates (a S. aureus isolate negative for all resistance markers) for testing by the other operator. Isolates were cultured on blood agar, 0.5 McFarland suspensions were prepared, and DNA was extracted. Positive and negative control samples were tested in an alternating fashion on the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assay plates. There was $100 \%$ agreement between observed and expected positive/negative results (Table 23 - Carry-over/Cross-Contamination Results) without evidence of carry-over/cross-contamination between samples tested by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel.

Table 23 - Carry-over/Cross-Contamination Results a   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample NumberFor Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Positive Results/# Expected PositiveResults (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Negative Results/# Expected NegativeResults (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021588-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021589-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/13 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021590-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021591-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021592-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021593-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0 (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021594-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021595-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021596-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021597-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021598-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/13 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L00021599-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0 (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CP3416 -Negative Control (NC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0 (-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420/420 (100%)</td></tr></table>

a. Table includes reported AMR gene results per organism as described in Table 1 along with species ID results for E. coli and P. aeruginosa as used in conjunction with mutant gyrase results for these two organisms.

# B. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE

# 1. Introduction

The performance characteristics of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel with bacterial isolates were determined in a multi-site investigational clinical study by comparing the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel with Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS), species identification by MALDI-TOF MS, and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) by broth microdilution. Four geographically diverse sites participated in the testing of isolates either prospectively collected or stocked and de-identified for use in the Clinical Performance Evaluation.

Isolates included in the study had been previously identified as Enterobacterales, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, or Enterococcus faecalis. Study samples included bacterial isolates grown on blood agar.

The Clinical Performance Evaluation was performed between September 11, 2018 and May 2, 2019 with final results reported for a total of 1,307 isolate samples (1,224 clinical stock isolate samples and 83 prospective isolate samples).

Isolates harboring rare resistance genes were replicated with a goal of achieving 50 unique testing events per gene target. Each of the 83 prospective isolate samples were unique and enrolled at clinical sites. Isolates enrolled in the prospective arm of the clinical performance evaluation were selected based on their identification (enrolling when organisms are one of the bacterial species detected by the test: Enterobacterales, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterococcus faecalis) and documented non-susceptibility, excluding intrinsic resistance, to at least one (1) of the following antibiotic classes, where appropriate: Aminoglycosides, Carbapenems, Cephalosporins (including $\beta \cdot$ -Lactam Combination Agents), Fluoroquinolones, Penicillins, Polymyxins, Sulfonamides, Trimethoprim, or Vancomycin.

For testing with the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel, well-isolated colonies that grew on blood agar were diluted to a 0.5 McFarland standard equivalent suspension using the direct colony suspension method per CLSI M071 Approved Standard.

# 2. Reference Methods

# a) Culture ID/AST

Organism identification was confirmed for the Gram-negative organisms (e.g., Enterobacterales and Pseudomonas aeruginosa) isolates in the clinical study using an automated species identification method. Testing by broth microdilution was used to determine Antimicrobial Susceptibility for a given Gram-negative isolate according to which CLSI $\mathsf { M } 1 0 0 ^ { 2 } \ 2 8 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ edition breakpoints and FDA-specified exceptions for the SDO recommended breakpoints available on the FDA’s Antibacterial Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria3 website were applied.

Organism identification for Gram-positive organisms (e.g., Enterococcus faecalis) was performed via MALDI-TOF MS and antimicrobial susceptibility testing by broth microdilution.

# b) Whole Genome Sequencing

Detection of AMR genes in the clinical study isolates by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was confirmed against WGS results for each isolate using a validated WGS pipeline using the Illumina Hi-Seq 4000 platform. A glycerol stock of each bacterial isolate that was assessed by the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel was sent for sequencing for comparison.

# 3. Results

Results and performance of the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel for detection of AMR genes versus WGS results in the Clinical Evaluation are detailed in Table 24 - Clinical Performance for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (PCR/WGS) which summarizes the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel assays for applicable organisms according to Table 1 - Antimicrobial Resistance Gene Markers Associated with Bacterial Species. Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) for AMR genes ranged from $9 4 . 4 \%$ to $100 \%$ and 96.5 to $100 \%$ , respectively.

’Total Unique Strains’ in Table 24 - Clinical Performance for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (PCR/WGS) is the number of unique strains tested per AMR Gene Target, limited to species for which the AMR gene is reported as indicated in Table 24. A subset of ‘Total Unique Strains’ were tested in replicate as indicated by ‘Total Replicates’ in Table 26. WGS results for the unique strains and replicates are indicated in the last four columns of Table 26.

Table 24 - Clinical Performance for the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel (PCR/WGS)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AMR GeneTarget</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalUniqueStrains(n)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalReplicates(n)r&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive for AMRTargets by WGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative for AMRTarget by WGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPI(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unique Strains(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicatesp((n)r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniqueStrains(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates(n)r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610/(622 -c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.66-98.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>536/(545) de</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.89-99.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AAD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128/(130)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.56-99.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192/(199)f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.92-98.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203/(205)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.51-9.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>628/(633)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.16 - 99.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39/(40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.12-99.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443/(444)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.74-99.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>armA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/(8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.56-10.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147/(147)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.45-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CMY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126/(128) h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.48-99.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>688/(691)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.73-99.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264/(273)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.85-98.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>929/(938)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.19-99.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>589</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/(35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.11-0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>801/(803)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.10-99.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CTX-M-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73/(74)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.73-99.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>781/(782)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.28-99.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DFR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167/(169)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.79-99.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>646/(650)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.43-99.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/(36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.36-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293/(293)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.71-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coli gyrAMutant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160/(163)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.73-99.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167/(168)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.71-99.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72/(72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.93-10.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257/(257)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.53-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/(77)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2-99.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130(1134)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.10-99.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>558</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>711</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCR-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/(54)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.89-98.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281/(281)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.65-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NDM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/(57)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.71-99.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>801/(805)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.73-99.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240/(249)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.27-98.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>910/(918)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.29 - 99.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>571</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/(58)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.79- 10.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760/(761)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.26-99.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXA-48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/(62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.71-98.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448/(452)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.75-99.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PER</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81/(82)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.41-99.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265/(266)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.90-99.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosagyrA Mutant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265/(279)m</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.75-96.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67/(68)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.13-99.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RMT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/(32)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.26-99.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297/(297)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.72-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/(12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.7500.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>668/(671)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.69 - 99.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sul1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420/(424)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.60-99.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>232/(240)n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.56-98.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sul2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489(501)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.86-98.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307/(318)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.91-98.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600/(609)P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.22-99.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559/(572)9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.15 - 98.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>732</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>341</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vanA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/(57)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.69-100 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/(36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.36-100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VEB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/(89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.86-100 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>411/(414)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.89-99.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91/(93)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.49-99.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409/(410)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.63-99.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254</td></tr></table>

a One (1) FN result attributed to the presence of an aac(3)-IIa gene variant that had no valid alignment with the primers/probe of the AAC assay harbored by a single $\kappa$ pneumoniae unique isolate.

Please refer to the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel Electronic User Guide (EUG) at www.opgen.com for further complementary performance information as well as details on antibiotic drug classes and for organism/drug/resistance marker combinations for which association with resistance was demonstrated.

# III. CONCLUSIONS

The results of the analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Acuitas AMR Gene Panel is safe and effective for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.