Microbiologics, Inc. Tina Sobania Director of Corporate Quality 200 Cooper Avenue North St. Cloud, Minnesota 56303

Re: K191168 Trade/Device Name: Cepheid Xpert SA Nasal Complete Control Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3920 Regulation Name: Assayed Quality Control Material For Clinical Microbiology Assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMN Dated: April 30, 2019 Received: May 1, 2019

Dear Tina Sobania:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) Number: K191168

Date: June 10, 2019

Applicant Information: Applicant: Address:

Microbiologics, Inc. 200 Cooper Avenue North St. Cloud, MN 56303

Primary Contact:   
Phone:   
Email:

Tina Sobania, Director of Corporate Quality 320-229-7050 tsobania@microbiologics.com

# Device:

Device Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
Classification:   
Regulation:   
Panel:   
Product Code:   
Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel   
Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays   
Class II   
21 CFR 866.3920   
83-Microbiology   
PMN

Predicate Device: Cepheid Xpert® GBS LB Control Panel

# Device Description:

The Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel is used to monitor the DNA extraction, amplification and detection processes of the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay. The Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel contains cultured microorganisms inactivated by heat treatments. Each Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel consists of 6 individually packaged Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) positive control swabs (positive control 1); 6 individually wrapped Staphylococcus aureus (MSSA) positive controls swabs (positive control 2); and 6 individually wrapped negative control swabs. Each positive control 1 swab contains MRSA at a target level that is designed to provide reproducible performance above the limit of detection for each of the genes targeted by the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay: Staphylococcal protein A gene spa (SPA), methicillin resistance gene mecA (mec), and the Staphylococcal cassette chromosome (SCC). Each positive control 2 swab contains MSSA at a target level designed to provide reproducible performance above the limit of detection of the spa gene target of the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay. Each negative control swab contains Staphylococcus epidermidis (MSSE) which is methicillin susceptible and not detected by the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay. Each swab is individually wrapped with a desiccant in a heat-sealed foil pouch.

# Device Intended Use:

The Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel is intended for use as an external assayed positive and negative quality control to monitor the performance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Staphylococcus aureus (SA) performed with the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay on the GeneXpert® Dx System. The controls comprise cultured and inactivated Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus as the positive control 1; Staphylococcus aureus as the positive control 2; Staphylococcus epidermidis as the negative control.

The Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided with the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal CompleteControl Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Xpert® GBS LB ControlPanel (K182472)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal CompleteControl Panel is intended for use as anexternal assayed positive and negativequality control to monitor the performance ofin vitro laboratory nucleic acid testingprocedures for the qualitative detection ofMethicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA) and Staphylococcus aureus (SA)performed with the Cepheid Xpert® SANasal Complete Assay on the GeneXpert®Dx System. The controls comprise culturedand inactivated Methicillin-ResistantStaphylococcus aureus as the positivecontrol 1; Staphylococcus aureus as thepositive control 2; Staphylococcusepidermidis as the negative control.The Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal CompleteControl Panel is not intended to replacemanufacturer controls provided with theCepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Cepheid Xpert® GBS LB ControlPanel is intended for use as externalassayed positive and negative qualitycontrol materials to monitor theperformance of in vitro laboratorynucleic acid testing procedures for thequalitative detection of Group BStreptococcus (GBS) performed withthe Cepheid Xpert® GBS LB Assay onthe GeneXpert® Instrument System.The controls comprise cultured andinactivated Streptococcus agalactiaeas the positive control andLactobacillus acidophilus as thenegative control.The Cepheid Xpert® GBS LB ControlPanel is not intended to replacemanufacturer controls provided withthe device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivated microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivated microorganisms</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureusStaphylococcus aureusStaphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiaeLactobacillus acidophilus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert® Dx System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert® InstrumentSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Directions for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process like patient sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process like patient sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay StepsMonitored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction, amplification, and detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction, amplification, detection</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

A precision and reproducibility study was conducted to determine device performance. Three different testing locations were used. Six different operators (2 at each facility) and 3 different lots of the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Control Panel were tested over five days. Each operator performed a minimum of 3 tests (1 per lot) on 5 different days. All testing was performed on a GeneXpert® Dx System using the Cepheid Xpert® SA Nasal Complete Assay.

Page 2 of 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Agreement (%) by Test Site/GeneXpert® System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Location</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 31</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallCorrectResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Response</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NORESULT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methicillin-ResistantStaphylococcus aureus(SPA, mec, SCC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/3010))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus(SPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100)</td></tr></table>

1 Three NO RESULT responses were observed; new controls were retested and the expected results were obtained.

# Microbiologics

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Agreement (%) by Test Site/GeneXpert® System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Location</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 21,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 31,2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallCorrectResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayResponse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INVALID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INVALID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ERROR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INVALID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NORESULT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcusepidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90(100)</td></tr></table>

1 Multiple INVALID responses were observed; new controls were retested and the expected results were obtained. 2 One NO RESULT response was observed; a new control was retested and the expected results were obtained. 3 One ERROR response was observed; a new control was retested, and the expected results were obtained. 4 Eight INVALID responses from single user.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>6027 Mean Ct (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0 (2.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3 (2.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5 (2.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1 (2.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.4 (2.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6 (1.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8(2.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1(2.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.3 (2.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6 (3.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9 (2.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1 (2.7)</td></tr></table>

%CV: Percent Coefficient of Variation

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6028Mean Ct(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8 (2.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8(2.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.4(2.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3 (3.0)</td></tr></table>

%CV: Percent Coefficient of Variation

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6029 Mean Ct(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0 (4.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.8(3.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1(4.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0 (4.0)</td></tr></table>

%CV: Percent Coefficient of Variation; SPC: Sample Processing Control

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.