DiaSorin Molecular LLC Sharon Young Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630

Re: K192376 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa VZV Swab Direct, Simplexa VZV Positive Control Pack Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3309 Regulation Name: Herpes Virus Nucleic Acid-Based Cutaneous and Mucocutaneous Lesion Panel Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: PGI, PMN Dated: August 28, 2019 Received: August 30, 2019

Dear Sharon Young:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Maria Ines Garcia, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Applicant

DiaSorin Molecular LLC. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

2023365

Sharon Young   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
tel 562.240.6680   
fax 562.240.6530   
Sharon Young@DiaSorin.com

# Summary Date Proprietary Name

US Product Codes/Names and Regulation Numbers

November 18, 2019   
Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct and Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control   
Pack   
PGI / Herpes virus nucleic acid-based cutaneous and   
mucocutaneous lesion panel 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 3 3 0 9$   
PMN / Assayed external control material for microbiology nucleic   
acid amplification (NAT) assays 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.3920

# Classification

Class II

# Predicate Device

Solana® HSV 1+2/VZV Assay (K162451)

Intended Use

Simplexa™ VZV Direct

The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay is intended for use on the LIAISON® MDX instrument for the qualitative detection of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) DNA present in cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swabs from patients with signs and symptoms of VZV infection. This test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of VZV infection. Negative results do not preclude VZV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack

The Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack is intended to be used as a control with the Simplexa™ VZV Direct kit and the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct kit on the LIAISON® MDX Instrument. It is not intended for use with other assays or systems.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay is a real-time PCR system that enables the direct amplification and detection of VZV DNA from unprocessed cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab specimens without nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay, the LIAISON® MDX (with LIAISON® MDX Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc (DAD) and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay, fluorescent probes are used together with corresponding forward and reverse primers to amplify VZV and internal control targets. A well-conserved region of the VZV DNA polymerase gene is targeted to identify VZV DNA in the specimen. An internal control is used to detect PCR failure and/or inhibition.

# Simplexa™ VZV Direct Kit

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ECSYMBOLON LABEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbreviatedName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactionsper Vl/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™M VZV SwabDirect Reaction Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL3656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ VZV Direct Components and Descriptions

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Simplexa ™M VZVSwab DirectReaction Mix (RM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, buffer, dNTPs, template DNA (Internal Control), dye-labeled fluorescentprobes and primers specific for detection of VZV Swab Direct and for the DNA InternalControl.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore(Dye)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation (nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission (nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV DNApolymerase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InternalControlDNA (IC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ VZVSwab Direct KitBarcode Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Assay specific parameters and lot information.</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ VZV Positive Control Pack Component and Description

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cap Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactions perVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™M VZV DirectPositive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL3661</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inactivatedvaricella-zostervirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Materials Supplied Separately

Direct Amplification Disc Kit Direct Amplification Discs for use on the LIAISON® MDX

# Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Solana® HSV 1+2/VZV Assay (K162451)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Simplexa™M VZV Direct and Simplexa™M VZVPositive Control Pack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PGI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3309 - Herpes virus nucleicacid-based cutaneous and mucocutaneouslesion panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella-zoster virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA from varicella-zoster virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Solana® HSV 1+2/VZV Assay is an invitro diagnostic test, using isothermalamplification    technology   (helicase-dependent amplification, HDA), for thequalitative detection and differentiation ofherpes simplex virus type 1, herpes simplexvirus type 2, and varicella-zoster virus DNAisolated and purified from cutaneous ormucocutaneous lesion samples obtainedfrom symptomatic patients suspected ofactive herpes simplex virus 1, herpessimplex virus 2 and/or varicella-zosterinfection.The Solana® HSV 1+2/VZV Assay isintended to aid in the diagnosis of herpessimplex virus 1, herpes simplex virus 2 andvaricella-zoster virus active cutaneous ormucocutaneous infections.Negative results do not preclude herpessimplex virus 1, herpes simplex virus 2 andvaricella-zoster virus infections and shouldnot be used as the sole basis for diagnosis,treatment or other management decisions.The Solana® HSV 1+2/VZV Assay isintended for use only with the Solana®instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa ™m VZV SwabDirect assay is intended for use on theLIAISON® MDX instrument for the qualitativedetection of varicella-zoster virus (VZV) DNApresent in cutaneous and mucocutaneouslesion swabs from patients with signs andsymptoms of VZV infection. This test isintended as an aid in the diagnosis of VZVinfection. Negative results do not preclude VZVinfection and should not be used as the solebasis for treatmentor other patientmanagement decisions.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutomatedSystem (Sampleto Answer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solana® Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® MDX</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL AGREEMENT

The performance of the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay was established in a clinical study that included three (3) cohorts based on sample status. Specifically, prospective and retrospective cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab samples from human patients with signs and symptoms of VZV infection, as well as contrived samples, were tested in the clinical agreement study.

# Prospective Study

A total of four hundred fifty-two (452) cutaneous and mucocutaneous prospective specimens were collected from ten (10) collection sites across the USA during the clinical study (November 2018 – May 2019). The specimens were taken from anorectal, genital, nasal, ocular, oral, skin and urethral locations of the body. The age of the patients ranged from one (1) month to greater than 60 $( > 6 0 )$ years of age. Of these specimens, sixty-two point four percent $( 6 2 . 4 \% )$ of the specimens were from female patients and thirty-seven point six percent $( 3 7 . 6 \% )$ of the specimens were from male patients. Ten (10) testing sites performed the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay on enrolled specimens and shipped the specimens to two (2) comparator testing sites to test against a three (3) part composite reference method (CRM). The three part CRM consisted of VZV direct stain fluorescent antibody (DSFA) and/or culture isolation with direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) and two (2) validated VZV polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays followed by bi-directional sequencing. The comparator testing was performed by two (2) sites. One (1) testing site performed the VZV DSFA and/or culture isolation with DFA and another testing site conducted the two (2) validated VZV PCR assays testing followed by bi-directional sequencing. The results of the study are presented in Table 1a.

Table 1a. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Prospective Agreement Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ProspectiveStudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Composite ReferenceMethod (CRM)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Sensitivity95% CI</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Specificity95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™VZV SwabDirect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa ™VZV SwabDirect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucocutaneous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5% (7/8)52.9% - 97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (171/171)97.8% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutaneous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8% (79/80)93.3% - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% (162/165)94.8% - 99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (1/1)20.7% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (27/27)87.5% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (87/89)92.2% -99.4 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2% 360/363)97.6% - 99.7%</td></tr></table>

a The discordant negative mucocutaneous result is from an oral lesion sample. The sample was negative by the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct, DSFA/DFA and by the sites routine culture testing. The sample was positive by the two (2) PCR/Bi-directional sequencing assays. b The discordant negative cutaneous result is from a skin lesion sample. The sample was negative by the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct, DSFA/DFA testing. The sample was positive by the 2 PCR/Bi-directional sequencing assays. ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval. The $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated following Wilson Score method.

# Retrospective Study

A total of sixty (60) cutaneous and mucocutaneous retrospective positive swab specimens in UTM were blinded and randomized with one hundred twenty (120) negative masked specimens prior to being tested by Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay. The Composite Reference Method 2 (CRM 2) utilized a two (2) out of three (3) outcome from one (1) FDA Cleared NAAT PCR assay for VZV and two (2) validated VZV

PCR assays followed by bi-directional sequencing. The FDA Cleared NAAT was performed by one (1) external site. DiaSorin Molecular performed the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct testing and different DiaSorin Molecular operators performed the two (2) validated VZV PCR assays followed by bi-directional sequencing. The positive and negative percent agreement (PPA and NPA) results of the study are presented in Table 1b.

Table 1b. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Retrospective Agreement Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>RetrospectiveStudy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Composite ReferenceMethod 2(CRM 2)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PPA95% CI</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>NPA95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa ™VZV SwabDirect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa™MVZV SwabDirect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucocutaneous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0% (9/10)59.6% - 98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (63/63)94.3% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutaneous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (52/52)93.1% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% (54/55)90.4% - 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4% (61/62)91.4% - 99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2% (117/118)95.4% - 99.9%</td></tr></table>

c The discordant negative mucocutaneous result is from an oral lesion sample. The sample was negative by the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct and NAAT testing. The sample was positive by the two (2) PCR/Bidirectional sequencing assays. ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval. The $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated following Wilson Score method.

# Contrived Sample Study

A total of sixty (60) contrived positive specimens in individual negative UTM mucocutaneous swab matrix were blinded and randomized with sixty (60) masked negative UTM mucocutaneous specimens prior to being tested by Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay. The results were compared with a two (2) out of three (3) outcome from one (1) FDA Cleared NAAT assay and two (2) validated VZV PCR assays followed by bidirectional sequencing (Composite Reference Method 2 or CRM 2). Of the sixty (60) contrived specimens, thirty (30) were spiked with VZV Ellen strain and thirty (30) were spiked with VZV 9939 strain at different known concentrations across the detection range. The results are presented in Table 1c.

Table 1c. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Contrived Agreement Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ContrivedMucocutaneousSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Composite ReferenceMethod 2(CRM 2)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PPA95% CI</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>NPA95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa ™VZV SwabDirect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Simplexa TVZV SwabDirect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)88.6% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (30/30)88.6% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60 (100%)94.0% -100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (60/60)94.0% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (60/60)94.0% - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval. The $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated following Wilson Score method.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

Reproducibility for the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay was evaluated at three (3) investigative sites to assess the device's inter-site, inter/intra-day and inter/intra-assay reproducibility. Each of the laboratories tested a sample panel consisting of Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Positive Control, No Template Control, and four (4) contrived samples in negative matrix. Two (2) strains of VZV were used in the study, 9939 and Ellen. The four (4) contrived samples consisted of a low positive (LP) at 2X LoD and a medium positive (MP) at 4X LoD for each VZV strain. Each sample panel member was tested in triplicate per run, for two (2) runs per day by two (2) different operators at each site. Therefore, a total of ninety (90) replicates [three (3) replicates X two (2) runs X five (5) days X three (3) sites] were tested for each sample panel member. A total of six (6) LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MDX instruments [two (2) per site] were used to evaluate the reproducibility study. The combined results for all sites are presented in Table 2.

Table 2. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Summary of VZV Qualitative Results and VZV Ct Values ± SD (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectedMean  Ct +SD (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectedMean Ct ±SD (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedResuls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectedMean Ct ±SD (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%AgreementWithExpectedResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectedMen Ct +SD (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939 LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6 ± 1.12(3.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8 ± 0.68(1.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.4 ± 0.83(2.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6 ± 0.9(2.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939 MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.8 ± 0.86(2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.7 ± 0.54(1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.3 ± 0.78(2.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6 ± 0.76(2.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen LP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4 ± 1.22(3.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5 ± 1.77(5.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0 ± 0.56(1.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0 ± 1.32(3.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen MP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5 ± 0.651.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5 ± 0.47(1.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5 ± 1.3(3.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1 ± 0.99(2.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UTM(NTC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 ± 0.00(N/A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 ± 0.00(N/A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 ± 0.00(N/A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%(0/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 ± 0.00(N/A)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2 ± 0.74(2.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4 ± 0.59(1.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7 ± 0.86(2.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1 ± 0.79(2.6%)</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The limit of detection (LoD) was determined for the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay using quantified stocks of two (2) VZV strains (Ellen and 9939) in a pool of cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab sample types in UTM using forty-eight (48) replicates. The LoD was determined to be the lowest concentration that could be detected positive $2 9 5 \%$ of the time. The LoD results are presented in Table 3.

Table 3. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(Copies /mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ellen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL VZV STRAIN REACTIVITY

Analytical VZV strain reactivity was evaluated with cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab specimens with reference to LoD for the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay. Quantified viral material was spiked into negative matrix using a single dilution and assayed in triplicate. The Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay was able to detect other strains of VZV. The results are presented in Table 4. In addition to the strains that were physically tested, in silico BLAST analysis demonstrated that the assay is expected to detect at least one hundred seventy-eight (178) additional VZV strains.

Table 4. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Analytical Reactivity With VZV Strains   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration (TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Result(# Detected/# Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain 82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain 275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Strain 1700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Isolate A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Isolate B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV Isolate D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

# CROSS-REACTIVITY (Analytical Specificity)

The Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay’s analytical specificity was evaluated by testing the ability of the assay to exclusively identify VZV with no cross-reactivity to organisms that are closely related, or cause similar clinical symptoms or that could be found in cutaneous and mucocutaneous lesion swab specimens. Analytical specificity/cross-reactivity was tested with ninety-nine (99) different bacteria, viruses, parasites and fungi and assayed in triplicate. No cross-reactivity was observed with the ninety-nine (99) organisms. The organisms and the concentration at which these were tested are presented in Table 5.

Table 5. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acholeplasma laidlawi(genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobactercalcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirusA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Papilloma Virus18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA/California/7/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In fluenzaB/Florida/02/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCIDso/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Borrelia burgdorferi(genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus curtisii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hyorhinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophilapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma orale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma salivarium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordelli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumdiphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumgenitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (AD169strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotellamelaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (Townestrain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalisvanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o0/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B Washington</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enteritidis(genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus (B95-8strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella typhimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O15:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simian Virus type 40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA), ATCC 700699</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA), COL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzatype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusepidermidis (MRSE),ATCC 29887</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis A virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-6 (Z29 strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-6A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-7 SB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes,M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-1 IIIB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 tachyzoites/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-2 NIHZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 trophozoites/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1 (McIntyre strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2 (G strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

Note: Bacteroides ureolyticus, Hepatitis D virus, Treponema pallidum and Tropheryma whipplei were tested using in silico NCBI BLAST analysis due to unavailability of the organism. No cross-reactivity was found.

# INHIBITION BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

The Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay was evaluated by testing the ability to identify VZV virus (Ellen and 9939 strains) when other potential inhibitory organisms are present. A panel of ninety-nine (99) potentialy inhibitory organisms were individually spiked into pooled cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix containing a low concentration of VZV at approximately 2X LoD and tested in triplicate. Table 6 below references the microorganisms and their respective tested concentration. No inhibition was observed for the detection of either VZV Ellen or 9939 strains as shown.

Table 6. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Microbial Inhibition   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acholeplasma laidlawi(genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobactercalcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirusA1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter Iwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human papilloma virus 18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaA/California/7/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB/Florida/02/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Borrelia burgdorferi(genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus curtisii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida guilliermondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus mulieris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella cartarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hyorhinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophilapneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma orale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium perfringens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma salivarium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium sordelli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumdiphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumgenitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (AD169strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (Townestrain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalisvanB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV A Long</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV B Washington</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enteritidis(genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus (B95-8strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella typhimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O15:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simian Virus type 40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA), ATCC 700699</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus(MRSA), COL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzatype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusepidermidis (MRSE),ATCC 29887</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis A virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-6 (Z29 strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-6A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-7 SB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes,M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-1 IIIB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 tachyzoites/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HIV-2 NIHZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomonas vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 trophozoites/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1 (McIntyre strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2 (G strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

Note: Bacteroides ureolyticus, Hepatitis D virus, Treponema pallidum and Tropheryma whipplei were tested using in silico NCBI BLAST analysis due to unavailability of the organism. No interference was found.

# INTERFERENCE

The performance of the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay was evaluated with potentially interfering substances. The tested concentrations of the potentially interfering endogenous and exogenous substances are indicated in the table below (Table 7). A total of forty-five (45) potential interfering substances were individually spiked into a pooled cutaneous and mucocutaneous swab matrix containing a low concentration of VZV at approximately 2X LoD and tested in triplicate. No interference was observed as presented in Table 7 for Ellen and 9939 Strains.

Table 7. Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct Interference   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentially InterferingSubstance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VZV Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># DetectedI# Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Abreva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Docosanol 10%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acyclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Balneol lotion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Buffers, emulsifiers, PEG,water, mineral oil, lanolin oil,preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Carmex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Camphor, 1.7%; Menthol,0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Casein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Chlor-Trimeton</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Chlorpheniramine maleate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cidofovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Clotrimazole VaginalCream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Clotrimazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cold-Eeze</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Zincum Gluconicum 2X</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cornstarch</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.25 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Denavir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentially InterferingSubstance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VZV Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># Detected# Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Desitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Zinc Oxide, 40%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dextromethorphanhydrobromide(Robitussin-DM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Dextromethorphanhydrobromide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Douche</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Famciclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Feces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Foscarnet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1.25 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">11 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Gynol II contraceptivejelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Nonoxynol-9 (3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Immunoglobulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">KY Jelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lactate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.2 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Lanacane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Benzethonium chloride,0.2%; Benzocaine, 20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lip-Clear Lysine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zinc Oxide, 1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">lolccalal                                                                        Page 14 of 15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentially InterferingSubstance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VZV Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># Detectedl# Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miconazole 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miconazole nitrate, 26%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miconazole 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miconazole nitrate, 2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Monistat 1 insert</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miconazole nitrate, 1200 mg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Monistat 3 cream</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miconazole nitrate 2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mouthwash (Listerine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Eucalyptol, 0.092%; Menthol0.042%; Methyl salicylate,0.060%; Thymol, 0.064%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Preparation H</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Releev</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Seminal Fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tioconazole 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Toothpaste (Colgate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sodium fluoride, 0.243%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Vagisil creme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Benzocaine (5%), Resorcinol(2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valacyclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potentially InterferingSubstance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VZV Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># DetectedI# Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Valgancyclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">2.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">White blood cells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">5.5x107 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Whole Blood in EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">YeastGard suppositories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9936</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida albicans 27X HPU(Candida albicans), Candidaparapsilosis 27X HPUS(Candida parapsilosis),Pulsatilla 27X HPUS(Meadow Anemone)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">7% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

# CARRY-OVER CONTAMINATION

The amplification carry-over for the Simplexa™ assays including the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct was assessed from the Simplexa™ Flu A/B $\&$ RSV Direct viral assay. The study can be applied to the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay as the study is not analyte specific. In the Simplexa™ Flu A/B & RSV Direct, the amplification carry-over study searched for the presence of contamination in negative samples adjacent to strong positive samples. The study was designed by alternately placing high positive and negative samples on each disc. No evidence of carry-over contamination was observed.

# CONCLUSION

From the above analytical and comparative testing results of the Simplexa™ VZV Swab Direct assay it is concluded that it is substantially equivalent to the FDA cleared device Solana® HSV $1 + 2 N Z \backslash$ Assay (K162451).