Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC   
Nisha Li   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
6659 Top Gun Street   
San Diego, California 92121   
Re: K192719   
Trade/Device Name: OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3328 Regulation Name: Influenza virus antigen detection test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PSZ Dated: September 24, 2019 Received: September 26, 2019

Dear Nisha Li:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Steven Gitterman, M.D., Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name The OSOM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The OSOM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test is an in vitro rapid diagnostic immunochromatographic assay intended for the qualitative detection of influenza type A and type B nucleoprotein antigens directly from nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. This test is not intended for the detection of influenza C viruses.

A negative test result is presumptive, and it is recommended these results be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative test results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the US 2018-2019 influenza season when A/ H1N1pdm09 and influenza A/H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation, and the influenza B Yamagata and Victoria lineages were in co-circulation. When other influenza A or B viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K192719

# 1. Sponsor/Applicant Name and Address

Company Name: Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC Address: 6659 Top Gun Street San Diego, CA 92121

Telephone: 858-777-2668 Contact Person: Nisha Li, Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Date Summary Prepared: 09/25/2019

# 2. Device Name and Classification

Trade Name: $\mathrm { O S O M } ^ { \textregistered }$ ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test   
Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3328 – Influenza virus antigen detection test system   
Classification of Device: Class II   
Product Code: PSZ   
Panel: Microbiology (83)   
Special Conditions for Use Statement: For prescription use

# 3. Predicate Device

Quidel Corp QuickVue® Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ Test (K180288)

# 4. Device Description

Operating Principle

The $\mathrm { O S O M ^ { \textregistered } }$ ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test consists of a test stick that separately detects influenza A and B. The test procedure requires the solubilization of the nucleoproteins from a swab by mixing the swab in Extraction Buffer. The test stick is then placed in the sample mixture, which then migrates along the membrane surface. If influenza A and/or B viral antigens are present in the sample, it will form a complex with mouse monoclonal IgG antibodies to influenza A and/or B nucleoproteins conjugated to colloidal gold. The complex will then be bound by another a rat anti-influenza A and/or mouse anti-influenza B antibody coated on the nitrocellulose membrane. A pink to purple control line must appear in the control region of the stick for results to be valid. The appearance of a second and possibly a third light pink to purple line in the test line region indicates an A, B or A and B positive result. A visible control line with no test line is a negative result.

# OSOM® ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test Kit Contents

OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test Kit contains the following components:

25 - Test Sticks

25 - Sterile Nasal Swabs

25 - Extraction Buffer vials each containing: $0 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ phosphate buffered salt solution (with $0 . 0 9 \%$ sodium azide as a preservative)

1 - Influenza A Positive Control Swab (packaged with a desiccant tablet): coated with non-infectious recombinant influenza A containing $0 . 0 5 \%$ sodium azide

1 - Influenza B Positive Control Swab (packaged with a desiccant tablet): coated with non-infectious recombinant influenza B containing $0 . 0 5 \%$ sodium azide

1 - Instructions for Use (IFU)

1 - Quick Reference Guide (QRG)

1 - Workstation

Note: (2 extra Test Sticks and Extraction Buffer vials have been included in the kit for External Quality Control Testing)

# 5. Indications for Use

The $\mathrm { O S O M } ^ { \textregistered }$ ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test is an in vitro rapid diagnostic immunochromatographic assay intended for the qualitative detection of influenza type A and type B nucleoprotein antigens directly from nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

It is intended to aid in the rapid differential diagnosis of influenza A and B viral infections. This test is not intended for the detection of influenza C viruses.

A negative test result is presumptive, and it is recommended these results be confirmed by viral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and B molecular assay. Negative test results do not preclude influenza virus infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the US 2018-2019 influenza season when A/H1N1pdm09 and influenza A/H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation, and the influenza B Yamagata and Victoria lineages were in co-circulation. When other influenza A or B viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary.

If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities,

specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL $^ { 3 + }$ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.

# 6. Comparison to Predicate Device

The following table provides a comparison of the characteristics of the OSOM® ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test to the predicate device, the Quidel® QuickVue Influenza $\mathbf { A } { + } \mathbf { B }$ (K180288).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:QuickVue® INFLUENZA A+BTest K180288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed 510(k) Device:OSOM® ULTRA PLUS FLUA&amp;B Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QuickVue® Influenza A+BTest allows for the rapid,qualitative detection of influenzatype A and type B antigensdirectly in nasal swab andnasopharyngeal swab specimensfrom symptomatic patients. Thetest is intended for use as an aidin the rapid differential diagnosisof acute influenza type A andtype B viral infections. The testis not intended to detectinfluenza C antigens. A negativetest is presumptive, and it isrecommended these results beconfirmed by viral culture or anFDA-cleared influenza A and Bmolecular assay. Negative resultsdo not preclude influenza virusinfections and should not be usedas the sole basis for treatment orother patient managementdecisions. The test is intendedfor professional and laboratoryuse.Performance characteristics forinfluenza A were establishedduring the 2017/2018 influenzaseasons when influenza A/H3N2and A/H1N1 pandemic were thepredominant influenza A virusesin circulation. When other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The OSOM® ULTRAPLUS FLU A&amp;B Test isan in vitro rapiddiagnosticimmunochromatographicassay intended for thequalitative detection ofinfluenza type A and typeB nucleoprotein antigensdirectly from nasal andnasopharyngeal swabspecimens from patientswith signs and symptomsof respiratory infection.It is intended to aid in therapid differentialdiagnosis of influenza Aand B viral infections.This test is not intendedfor the detection ofinfluenza C viruses.A negative test result ispresumptive, and it isrecommended theseresults be confirmed byviral culture or an FDA-cleared influenza A and Bmolecular assay. Negativetest results do not precludeinfluenza virus infectionand should not be used asthe sole basis for</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate Device: QuickVue® INFLUENZA A+B Test K180288 influenza A viruses are</td><td>Proposed 510(k) Device: OSOM® ULTRA PLUS FLU A&amp;B Test</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza A virus is suspected based on current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent Influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens.</td><td>treatment or other patient management decisions. Performance characteristics for influenza A were established during the US 2018-2019 influenza season when A/H1N1pdm09 and influenza A/H3N2 were the predominant influenza A viruses in circulation, and the influenza B Yamagata and Victoria lineages were in co- circulation. When other influenza A or B viruses are emerging, performance characteristics may vary. If infection with a novel influenza virus is suspected based on</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>current clinical and epidemiological screening criteria recommended by public health authorities, specimens should be collected with appropriate infection control precautions for novel virulent influenza viruses and sent to state or local health department for testing. Viral culture should not be attempted in</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Results</td><td>Qualitative</td><td>these cases unless a BSL 3+ facility is available to receive and culture specimens. Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:QuickVue® INFLUENZA A+BTest K180288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed 510(k) Device:OSOM® ULTRA PLUS FLUA&amp;B Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Targets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A and B antigens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatography</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal swab; nasopharyngealswab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayAntibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal antibodies toinfluenza A and Bnucleoproteins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Usersand UseLocations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory and point ofcare</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal procedural control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:QuickVue® INFLUENZA A+BTest K180288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed 510(k) Device:OSOM® ULTRA PLUS FLUA&amp;B Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExternalControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test kit contains separatePositive and Negative ControlSwabs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test kit contains PositiveControl Swabs where InfluenzaA+ Control Swab acts as anegative for influenza B antigenand conversely, Influenza B+Control Swab serves as negativecontrol for influenza A antigen.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtractionReagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent solution (salt solution)added to lyophilized buffer(detergents and reducing agents)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction buffer containing saltsolution.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Summary

# Expected Values

The prevalence of influenza varies year to year typically peaking in the winter months. The rate of positivity in influenza testing is impacted by many factors including specimen collection and handling, test method used, patient age, time of year, geographic location, and local disease prevalence.

The overall positivity rate as determined by the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test during the 2018-2019 clinical study was $3 3 . 0 \%$ for influenza A and $1 . 7 \%$ for influenza B. The observed results by age are presented in the tables below.

Influenza A Positives by the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test per Age Group   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Influenza APositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A PositivityRate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 21 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 22 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0%</td></tr></table>

Influenza B Positives by the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test per Age Group   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Influenza BPositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Positivity Rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 21 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 22 years of age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance

A prospective clinical study to establish the performance characteristics of the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test in detecting influenza A and B antigens in nasal and nasopharyngeal swab specimens was conducted with specimens collected from January 2019 to May 2019 at 21 pointof-care (POC) sites across the United States. Testing was performed at POC sites representative of CLIA waived settings by untrained operators with no laboratory training or experience.

Samples were collected from individuals with influenza-like symptoms who provided informed consent. Two (2) nasal swabs or two (2) nasopharyngeal swabs were collected from the same nostril according to standard collection methods from each subject. One (1) nasal or nasopharyngeal swab was used for immediate testing with the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test per the test procedure. The other nasal or nasopharyngeal swab of the pair was eluted in 3.0 mL of viral transport media (VTM). The sample eluted in VTM was stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ until transport was made on ice packs to a central reference laboratory. The samples collected in VTM were tested by the reference method, an FDA-cleared molecular test and another FDA-cleared molecular test for discrepant analysis, within the allowable time frames of specimen collection per the product instructions.

Nasal or nasopharyngeal swab specimens were collected from 1228 subjects enrolled in the prospective clinical study. Of those, 18 swab samples were unevaluable due to eligibility criteria, sample handling issues, or inconclusive testing results, leaving a total of 1210 prospective evaluable samples. The subject age and gender distribution for the 1210 prospective evaluable samples is presented in the table below.

Age and Gender Distribution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 to 59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1210</td></tr></table>

Due to the atypically low prevalence of influenza B virus in the U.S. during the 2018-2019 influenza season, 1210 prospective samples (20 influenza B positive samples and 1190 influenza B negative samples) were supplemented with 317 banked samples collected from previous influenza seasons, for a total of 1527 samples tested by untrained users at POC sites. Of those, one (1) banked sample was unevaluable due to sample handling issues, leaving a total of 316 evaluable banked samples. The banked samples were masked as subject samples, randomized, and incorporated into the daily workflow at three (3) CLIA waived sites that participated in the prospective clinical study.

A total of 1526 samples (1210 prospective samples and 316 banked samples) were included in the evaluation of the assay performance. For a total of 1526 evaluable tests performed, one (1) was invalid (1/1526) for a $0 . 0 7 \%$ invalid rate ( $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I }$ : $0 . 0 1 \% 0 . 0 3 7 \%$ ). The performance of the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test compared to an FDA-cleared molecular comparator method with prospective samples and banked samples is presented in the tables below.

Influenza A Performance - Nasal and Nasopharyngeal Swab Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLUA&amp;B Test - Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1088 c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>90.3% (95% CI: 87.0%-92.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96.7% (95% CI: 95.5%-97.6%)</td></tr></table>

a Flu A was detected in 23/37 false positive specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test b Flu A was not detected in 7/39 false negative specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test c All banked samples were negative for influenza A [Two (2) samples did not yield valid results on the second FDA-cleared molecular test]

Influenza B Performance - Nasal and Nasopharyngeal Swab Samples   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLUA&amp;B Test - Influenza B</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1383</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1376</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1526</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">88.0% (95% CI: 81.8%-92.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">99.2% (95% CI: 98.6%-99.6%)</td></tr></table>

a Nine (9) of the prospective samples and two (2) of the banked samples were false positive with the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test. Flu B was detected in 3/11 false positive specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test. b Four (4) of the prospective samples and 14 of the banked samples were negative by the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test. Flu B was not detected in 2/18 false negative specimens using a second FDA-cleared molecular test.

# Reproducibility Studies

Reproducibility of the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test, when in the hands of untrained users, was evaluated in a multicenter study. Testing was performed at three (3) of the CLIA waived sites that participated in the prospective clinical study. This study included samples with analyte levels at and below the limit of detection (LoD) for influenza A and influenza B.

A panel of swabs including true negative (no virus), high negative (just below the LoD), low positive (at or near the LoD) and moderate positive (at or near $2 \mathbf { x }$ the LoD) for influenza A and B were coded, randomized, and masked to the operators. Samples were masked as subject samples and were presented to the intended use operators for testing throughout the course of a normal testing day. The study was conducted with two operators per site over five non-consecutive days.

The OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test produces reproducible results when tested by multiple untrained intended users, at multiple sites, over multiple days. The study demonstrated that untrained intended users were able to accurately perform and interpret the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test at and below the level of the LoD for both influenza A and influenza B. The results are presented in the table below.

Reproducibility Study Results - Percent Agreement with Expected Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A High Negativel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (29/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (89/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B High Negative1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (90/90)</td></tr></table>

1 The “Expected Result” for High Negative samples is “not detected”.

# Analytical Sensitivity: Limit of Detection

The limit of detection (LoD) for the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test was established in dilution studies performed with 2 influenza A strains and 2 influenza B strains on two lots of the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test. The LoD represents the concentration of influenza virus that produces consistently positive results $\ge 9 5 \%$ of the time. The approximate LoD concentrations identified for each strain tested are listed in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InfluenzaType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral Strain Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Michigan/45/15 (H1N1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1x101 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016 (H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2x105 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Colorado/6/2017 (Victoria)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5x103 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Phuket/3073/13 (Yamagata)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6x102 TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity

A total of 28 influenza A, B, and C strains were tested with the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B TEST A&B Test, at levels at or near the assay limit of detection (LoD). All influenza A isolates gave the expected influenza A positive and influenza B negative results, and all influenza B isolates gave the expected influenza A negative and influenza B positive results. The influenza strain isolates in the table below are listed at the lowest testing concentrations that gave the expected results. $^ { * } \mathrm { N O T E }$ : The influenza C strain listed below produced the expected influenza A negative and influenza B negative results and is listed at the highest concentration tested.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sub Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/02/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1pdm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mexico/4108/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.24x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1pdm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Singapore/63/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.57x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/01/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.24x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1pdm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Canada/6294/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1pdm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Cal/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Solomon Islands/03/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.45x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/03/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1pdm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.94x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.06x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Florida/2/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.25x104 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/71/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.25x103 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.53x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.29x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.53x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/1/10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/6/11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.81x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05x102 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/07/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.14x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41x101 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Colorado/06/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.51x106 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.99x107 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A (Avian)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C/Taylor/1233/1947</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.10x105 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected*</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity: Cross-Reactivity and Microbial Interference

The OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test was evaluated with 41 organisms (bacterial, viral, fungal) and human DNA, listed below. Bacterial isolates were tested at concentrations of approximately $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ colony forming units per mL $\mathrm { ( C F U / m L ) }$ ). Chlamydia pneumoniae was tested at a concentration at least $2 . 0 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 2 }$ CFU/mL. Corynebacterium ulcerans and Streptococcus pyogenes were tested at a concentration of at least $1 . 0 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Viral isolates were tested at approximately $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copy number per mL $\mathrm { ( C P / m L ) }$ or $1 0 ^ { 4 } - 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ tissue culture infectious dose $50 \%$ per mL $\mathrm { ( T C I D 5 0 / m L ) }$ ). Human genomic DNA was diluted to a level greater than the minimum recommended concentration of $1 0 ^ { 4 }$ copies/mL in viral transport media (VTM). No cross-reactivity was observed at the concentrations tested, as all of the microorganisms and human genomic DNA produced negative results.

# Bacterial / Fungal Panel

Bordetella pertussis   
Candida albicans   
Chlamydia pneumoniae   
Corynebacterium ulcerans   
Escherichia coli   
Haemophilus influenzae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus acidophilus Z048   
Legionella pneumophila   
Moraxella catarrhalis   
avirulent Mycobacterium tuberculosis   
Mycoplasma hominis   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Neisseria meningitides   
Neisseria gonorrhoeae   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa

Staphylococcus aureus MRSA Staphylococcus aureus MSSA Staphylococcus epidermidis MRSE Streptococcus pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes Streptococcus salivarius

# Viral Panel / DNA

Adenovirus type 1   
Adenovirus type 7A   
Coronavirus NL63   
Coxsackievirus   
Cytomegalovirus (CMV)   
Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)   
Human herpes virus 6 (HHV6), Z29   
Human herpes virus 7 (HHV7), SB strain   
Parainfluenza virus 1   
Parainfluenza virus 2   
Parainfluenza virus 3   
Measles virus   
Mumps   
Metapneumovirus 3 type B1   
Metapneumovirus 9 type A1   
Rhinovirus type 1A   
Enterovirus 68   
Respiratory syncytial virus type A2 (RSVA)   
Respiratory syncytial virus type B (RSVB)

# Interfering Substances

The OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B TEST was evaluated with potential interferents that may be encountered in respiratory specimens. The substances were tested at the concentrations listed in the table below. No interference was observed with the test for any of the substances at the concentrations listed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dry swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral transport media (VTM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucus (Bovine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood with EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% vol/vol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analgesic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NSAIDs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspirin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Nasal Corticosteroids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mometasone furoate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Budesonide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flunisolide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.8 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamcinolone acetonide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beclomethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Nasal Sprays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025% vol/vol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% vol/vol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.325% vol/vol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sabadilla</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galphimia glauca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x, 12x, 30x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histaminum hydrochloricum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12x, 30x, 200x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffa operculata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x, 12x, 30x,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulphur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12x, 30x, 200x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiviral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat Lozenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% soln.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic NasalOintment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Allergy Medicine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histamine hydrochloricum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr></table>

# Competitive Interference

The performance of the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B TEST was evaluated in the presence of high levels of influenza A and influenza B. Contrived high and low titer influenza A (H1N1 and H3N2) and B positive samples were prepared and applied to swabs. The high titer for influenza A was at a concentration of $7 . 1 \mathrm { \bar { x } } 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ $\Gamma \mathrm { C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for H1N1, and $2 . 2 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C E I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ for H3N2; the high titer for influenza B was set at $1 . 6 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ . The low titer for influenza A was at a concentration of $1 . 4 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 2 }$ $\mathrm { \Gamma C I D 5 0 / m L }$ for H1N1, and $4 . 4 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C E I D 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for H3N2; the low titer for influenza B was set at $3 . 2 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 2 } \mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ . High and low viral concentrations of influenza A and B were mixed and tested. No competitive interference on test performance was observed.

# 8. Conclusion

The information presented in this Premarket Notification demonstrates that the performance of the OSOM ULTRA PLUS FLU A&B Test is substantially equivalent in intended use, technological characteristics, and performance to the predicate device.