BioMerieux, Inc.   
Cherece Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K193299 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicrobial susceptibility system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW

Dear Cherece Jones:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated September 28, 2020. Specifically, FDA is updating this SE Letter (i.e., correct inaccuracies in the Indications for Use form, 510(k) Summary, and device labeling) as an administrative correction.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D., OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health, 301-796-6698, Ribhi.Shawar@fda.hhs.gov.

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief,   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# September 28, 2020

bioMérieux, Inc.   
Cherece Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K193299 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW Dated: November 26, 2019 Received: November 27, 2019

Dear Cherece Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief,   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K193299</td><td></td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathbb { B } } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. $\mathrm { V I T E K } ^ { \mathbb { B } } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime is a quantitative test. Ceftazidime has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Citrobacter species   
Enterobacter species   
Escherichia coli   
Klebsiella species   
Proteus mirabilis   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Serratia species   
In vitro data are available, but clinical significance is unknown:   
Acinetobacter species   
Citrobacter koseri (formerly Citrobacter diversus)   
Citrobacter freundii   
Providencia species (including Providencia rettgeri)   
Salmonella species   
Shigella species   
Yersinia enterocolitica

The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Cherece L. Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8684   
314-731-8689   
November 26, 2019

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2$ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code: LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline $\leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 4$ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ ) (K191766)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The $\operatorname { V I T E K } ^ { \circledast } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The $\operatorname { V I T E K } ^ { \circledast } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK® 2 Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ has the following concentrations in the card: 1, 2, 4, 8, and $3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ ).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \circledast } 2$ AST-GN Ceftazidime $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 3 2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) when compared to the predicate device, VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline $\left( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } \right)$ , are described in the Table 1 below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeCeftazidime(≤0.5 - ≥32 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline( ≤ 0.12 − ≥ 4 µg/mL)(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>VITEK ® 2 AST-Gram NegativeCeftazidime is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram negative bacilli and is intendedfor use with the VITEK® 2 andVITEK ® 2 Compact Systems as alaboratory aid in the determination ofin vitro susceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK® 2 AST-GramNegative Ceftazidime is aquantitative test. Ceftazidime hasbeen shown to be active against moststrains of the microorganisms listedbelow, according to the FDA labelfor this antimicrobial.Active in vitro and in clinical</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeEravacycline is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram negative bacilli and is intendedfor use with the VITEK® 2 andVITEK® 2 Compact Systems as alaboratory aid in the determination ofin vitro susceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK ® 2 AST-GramNegative Eravacycline is a quantitativetest. Eravacycline has been shown tobe active against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Citrobacter freundiiEnterobacter cloacaeEscherichia coli</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>infections:Citrobacter speciesEnterobacter speciesEscherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>infections:</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeCeftazidime(≤0.5 - ≥32 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline( ≤ 0.12 − ≥ 4 µg/mL)(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella speciesProteus mirabilisProteus vulgarisPseudomonas aeruginosaSerratia speciesIn vitro data are available, butclinical significance is unknown:Acinetobacter speciesCitrobacter koseri (formerlyCitrobacter diversus)Citrobacter freundiiProvidencia species (includingProvidencia rettgeri)Salmonella speciesShigella speciesYersinia enterocoliticaThe VITEK® 2 Gram-NegativeSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK ® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofclinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobialagents when used as instructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytocaKlebsiella pneumoniaeIn vitro data are available, butclinical significance is unknown:Citrobacter koseriKlebsiella (Enterobacter) aerogenesThe VITEK® 2 Gram-NegativeSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK ® 2 Systems in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility ofclinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agentswhen used as instructed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram Negative (AST-GN)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Algorithms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Growth Pattern Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 and VITEK ® 2 CompactSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftazidime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eravacycline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1, 2, 4, 8, 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25, 1, 2, 4</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Ceftazidime is a quantitative test. Ceftazidime has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Citrobacter species Enterobacter species Escherichia coli Klebsiella species Proteus mirabilis Proteus vulgaris Pseudomonas aeruginosa Serratia species

# In vitro data are available, but clinical significance is unknown:

Acinetobacter species   
Citrobacter koseri (formerly Citrobacter diversus)   
Citrobacter freundii   
Providencia species (including Providencia rettgeri)   
Salmonella species   
Shigella species   
Yersinia enterocolitica

The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Ceftazidime Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYellob</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Ceftazidime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, E(Overall)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1054/1095)96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1062/1095)97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(9/228)3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(6/863)0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(18/1095)1.6</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>97.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EEnterobacteriaceae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(592/605)97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(591/605)97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/46)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(3/557)0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(11/605)1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EPseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(400/423)94.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(411/423)97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(9/155)5.8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(3/268)1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EAcinetobacterspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(54/58)93.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(52/58)89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/25)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/33)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(6/58)10.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>  .       value is 8 μg/mL.NOTES:VITtesting Yersinia enterocolitica compared to the CLSI reference broth microdilution.were not in essential agreement.</td></tr></table>

Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.

2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.

3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.