First Light Diagnostics, Inc. $\%$ Fran White   
President, Regulatory Affairs MDC Associates, LLC   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

Re: K193490 Trade/Device Name: SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2660 Regulation Name: Microorganism Differentiation And Identification Device Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: LLH Dated: December 16, 2019 Received: December 17, 2019

Dear Fran White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief,   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K193490

Device Name SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The SensiTox C.difficil Toxin Test is an immunofluorescence assay intended for the qualitativedetectin o eti i atitibt.eativesul o reclue xie T decisions. The test can only be used with the MultiPath platform.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 2.0 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date of Summary:

June 30, 2021

# Product Name:

SensiTox™ C. difficile Toxin Test

Sponsor:

First Light Diagnostics 2 Omni Way Chelmsford, MA 01824

# Correspondent:

MDC Associates, Inc.   
Fran White, President Regulatory Affairs 180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915   
Phone: (978) 927 3808   
Fax: (866) 540 3448   
Email: regulatory@mdcassoc.com

# Common Name:

Microorganism differentiation and identification device

# Regulation Number:

866.2660

# Classification:

# Substantial Equivalency

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Light DiagnosticsSubject DeviceSensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meridian Bioscience, Inc.Predicate DeviceK041003ImmunoCard® Toxins A &amp; B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.2660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LLH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83 Microbiology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test is animmunofluorescence assay intended for thequalitative detection of Clostridioides difficiletoxins A and/or B in human stool specimens.The test is intended as an aid in the diagnosisof C. difficile infection (CDI) in patientsexhibiting symptoms of CDI. Negative resultsdo not preclude toxigenic C. difficile infection.The SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test should notbe used as the sole basis for treatment orother management decisions. The test canonly be used with the MultiPath platform.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoCard® Toxins A &amp; B is a rapid, qualitative,horizontal-flow enzyme immunoassay (EIA) fordetecting Clostridium difficile toxins A and B inhuman stool. This assay is used as an aid in thediagnosis of C. difficile-associated disease.</td></tr></table>

Page 2 of 7   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Light DiagnosticsSubject DeviceSensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meridian Bioscience, Inc.Predicate DeviceK041003ImmunoCard® Toxins A &amp; B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A and B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Required?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription use only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Setting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunofluorescent assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection &amp; Capture: Mouse monoclonalanti-toxin A and B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat polyclonal anti-toxin B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluidic cartridge with direct digital imaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow with visual interpretation</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

The SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test is an immunofluorescence assay intended for the qualitative detection of Clostridioides difficile toxins A and/or B in human stool specimens. The test is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of C. difficile infection (CDI) in patients exhibiting symptoms of CDI. Negative results do not preclude toxigenic C. difficile infection. The SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other management decisions. The test can only be used with the MultiPath platform.

# Limitations

For prescription use only. Please refer to the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test labeling for a more complete list of warnings, precautions, and contraindications.

# Methodology

The SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test detects toxins A and B in stool samples using an immunofluorescence assay and the proprietary MultiPath detection technology. The assay is performed on the proprietary MultiPath Analyzer.

A stool sample, collected in a dry, clean, and leakproof collection device, without any collection media, is used for the test. The stool sample is added to Stool Specimen Diluent containing Protease Inhibitor and processed manually through a spin column to remove particulates. The stool filtrate is added to the SensiTox C. difficile Cartridge, a single use consumable that contains all the reagents required to run a single test. The Cartridge is loaded onto the MultiPath Analyzer for processing through the steps of the assay.

Once loaded onto the Analyzer, the barcodes on the Cartridge that identify the test type and associated test specific information (manufacturer installed barcode) and sample (laboratory affixed barcode) are read. The cartridge is moved to the fluidics station where it is first heated to $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The sample is then split into 6 equal aliquots in 6 distribution wells within the cartridge, 3 wells specific to toxin A and 3 wells specific to toxin B. The sample aliquots flow from the distribution wells to the reagent wells containing target specific antibody conjugated fluorescent and magnetic particles in the form of lyophilized beads. Upon contact with the sample, the lyophilized beads rehydrate and the reaction mixtures flow into the imaging wells, the bottoms of which are coated with a dye cushion reagent. Upon contact with the reagents, the dyecushion dissolves forming a dense opaque aqueous layer that separates the sample and reagents from the bottom optical surface of the Imaging Well. In the upper assay layer, the toxins, if present, bind to the magnetic and fluorescent particles tethering them together. The cartridge is incubated for 28 minutes to allow the reaction to take place and then is moved to the magnetics station. At the magnetics station, the imaging well is placed over permanent magnets that draw the magnetic particles and any fluorescent particles that are tethered to them via the target molecules through the dyecushion layer, depositing them on the bottom imaging surface. The captured fluorescent particles are imaged and quantified using non-magnified digital imaging.

The Analyzer can be run in batch mode or by random access. Up to 20 cartridges can be loaded onto the Analyzer in parallel. The first result is reported in approximately 35 minutes of loading the cartridge onto the Analyzer with subsequent results being reported in 2.5 minute increments. The results are interpreted using the MultiPath applications software as valid or invalid, and if valid, the results are reported as toxin detected if either toxin A or B or both toxins are present or toxin not detected if neither toxin is present. Results are displayed on the instrument touch screen and can be printed.

# Performance Data: Bench Studies

I. Limit of Detection (LoD)

The limit of detection (LoD) for C. difficile toxins A and B was determined by spiking negative pooled stool with commercially available purified toxins A and B. For each toxin, the LoD is defined as the lowest concentration of target that can be detected at a rate of $2 9 5 \%$ . The LoD was established by testing 5 dilutions of toxins A and B with 3 lots of reagents and 20 replicates per lot for a total of 60 replicates per concentration. The data from the 3 lots were combined to determine the positive hit rate. The LoD established for toxin A is $3 . 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and for toxin B is 50 $\mathsf { n g / m l }$ .

# II. Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test was evaluated at 3 sites over the course of 5 days by 2 operators each day. Randomized and blinded samples comprised of Stool Specimen Diluent spiked with varying concentrations of both toxins A and B – low positive $\left( 1 { - } 2 \times \mathsf { L o D } \right)$ , moderate positive (2-4x LoD), high positive (5-8x LoD), and negative (unspiked) were prepared and provided to each participating site. Each operator mixed the designated sample with pooled stool prescreened and known to be negative for toxins A and B and processed the sample using the C. difficile test procedure. A total of 376 samples comprised of 95 negative samples and 281 positive samples was run with an overall reproducibility of $9 9 . 2 \%$ (Table 2.1). As shown in Table 2.2, the negative sample generated one false positive result and the low and moderate positive samples each generated one false negative result.

Table 2.1 Summary of reproducibility study data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Samples Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Correct Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Miscalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Invalids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr></table>

Page 4 of 7   
Table 2.2 Reproducibility data by sample type   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleDescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100/100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

III. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) Analytical reactivity testing was conducted to ensure that the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test can detect multiple ribotypes of toxins A and B. Pooled stool samples that were prescreened and confirmed to be negative for toxins A and B were spiked with purified toxin from clinically important ribotypes and tested in triplicate in the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test. Six ribotypes of toxin A were tested at $1 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ and 8 ribotypes of toxin B were tested at $3 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } }$ . Positive controls comprised of toxins A and B purified from the wildtype strain 087 also were tested. The results, summarized in Table 2.3, demonstrate that all toxin A and B ribotypes tested are detected in the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test.

Table 2.3 Analytical reactivity of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ToxinTarget</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ribotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxin B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>087 (control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>087 (control)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td></tr></table>

IV. Analytical Specificity

The analytical specificity of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test was evaluated by testing cultured organisms (bacteria, yeast, viruses) in negative pooled stool or contrived stool containing $1 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of toxin A and $3 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m l } }$ of toxin B. Bacteria and yeast were tested at a concentration of $1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \thinspace { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ and each virus was tested at a concentration of $1 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathsf { P F U / m L }$ unless otherwise indicated in Table 2.4. All organisms were tested in triplicate in each study.

None of the organisms cross-react when tested in negative pooled stool in the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test. None of the organisms tested in the presence of contrived pooled stool negatively interfere with the detection of toxins A or B.

Page 5 of 7   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus cereus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli sero:0157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus subtilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli type 026:H4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Helicobacter pylori</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7x104 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcusanaerobius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile (non-toxigenic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus vulgaris</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium haemolyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium novyi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 PFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica(typhimurium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium septicum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia liquefaciens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sordellii1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella dysenteriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sporogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackie-virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x10^5} PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x104 PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio cholera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr></table>

Table 2.4 Organisms tested for analytical specificity 1 The potential for purified Clostridium sordellii toxin to cross-react was not evaluated. It is unknown if C. sordellii toxin concentration in the $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathsf { C F U / m L }$ preparation that was tested falls below the limit of detection for the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test.

# V. Interfering Substances

Negative pooled stool and contrived pooled stool containing $1 5 ~ \mathsf { n g / m L }$ of toxin A and $3 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { p g / m L } }$ of toxin B were spiked with potential interferents that can be found in stool. The interferents and the concentrations tested are listed in Table 2.5. None of the potential interferents negatively impact the performance of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test, with the exception of Vancomycin. Vancomycin is not inhibitory at $4 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ but was found to negatively impact the detection of toxins A and B at $5 0 m \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

Page 6 of 7   
Table 2.5 Interferents and concentrations shown to not interfere with test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration Tested and Shownto Not Interfere</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 U/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium Sulphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL(5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine (Preparation H)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Carbonate (Tums)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4 mg/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aluminum Hydroxide / Magnesium Hydroxide (Sunmark antacid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/mL (5% v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide Hydrochloride (Imodium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 μg/mL (5% v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bismuth Subsalicylate (Pepto Bismol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 mg/mL (5% v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sennosides (Senokot)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole in DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/mL (4% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DMSO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40% v/v</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Evaluation

The performance of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test was evaluated in a prospective clinical study performed at three geographically diverse sites in the US using left over de-identified, unpreserved, stool specimens from patients suspected of having C. difficile infection. The performance of the test was evaluated in comparison to the cellular cytotoxicity neutralization assay (CCNA).

The overall clinical performance of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test is summarized in Table 2.6 with the data broken down by clinical study site in Table 2.7. The sensitivity of the SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test is $90 . 6 \%$ and the specificity is $9 5 . 7 \%$ .

Table 2.6 Summary of clinical performance of SensiTox C. difficile Toxin Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cellular Cytotoxicity Neutralization Assay (CCNA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MultiPath C.difficile Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>909</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>918</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1046</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity [95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90.6%[83.1% - 95.0%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity [95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.7%[94.2% - 96.8%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Predictive Value [95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>68.0% [59.5% - 75.4%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Predictive Value [95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.0% [ 98.1% - 99.5%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Page 7 of 7   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SITE</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Samples (%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CCNA Positive (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent(95% Score Confidence Interval)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>343 (32.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (8.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3% [72.8% -96.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2% [92.3% -97.1%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449 (42.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 (9.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7% [72.2% -93.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1% [93.7% -97.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254 (24.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 (10.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% [87.1% -100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6% [92.1% -97.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 (9.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 2.7 Summary of clinical performance by participating clinical study site

<table><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>This space intentionally left blank.</td></tr></table>