Beckman Coulter, Inc   
Elaine Duncan   
Senior Analyst Regulatory Affairs 1584 Enterprise Blvd.   
West Sacramento, California 95691

Re: K193536 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels with Ciprofloxacin (Cp) $( 0 . 0 0 4 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LTT, JWY, LRG, LTW

Dear Elaine Duncan:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated March 18, 2020. Specifically, FDA is updating this SE Letter as an administrative correction.

Please note that the $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact Ribhi Shawar, OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health, at 301-796-6698 or Ribhi.Shawar@fda.hhs.gov.

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# March 18, 2020

Beckman Coulter, Inc   
Elaine Duncan   
Senior Analyst Regulatory Affairs 1584 Enterprise Blvd.   
West Sacramento, California 95691

Re: K193536 Trade/Device Name: MicroScan Dried Gram Negative MIC/Combo Panels with Ciprofloxacin $\textstyle ( \mathrm { C p } )$ $( 0 . 0 0 4 \cdot 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LTT, JWY, LRG, LTW Dated: December 18, 2019 Received: December 20, 2019

Dear Elaine Duncan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels with Ciprofloxacin $\textstyle ( \mathrm { C p } )$ $( 0 . 0 0 4 - 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

TMiSaIC/Cvndl inoculation, panels are incubated for 16  20 hours at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + / - 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in a non-CO2 incubator, and read either visually or with MicroScan instrumentation, according to the Package Insert.

T ciprofloxacin $\textstyle ( \mathrm { C p } )$ at concentrations of 0.004 to $8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ to the test panel.

DA-approved package insert for this antimicrobial agent.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Device Manufacturer: Beckman Coulter   
Contact name: Elaine Duncan, Senior Analyst Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 916-374-3279   
Fax: 916-374-2480   
Date prepared: December 02, 2019   
Product Name: Microdilution Minimum Inhibitory Concentration (MIC) Panels   
Trade Name: MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels with Ciprofloxacin (Cp) (0.004 - $8 \mu \ g / \mathrm { m L } )$   
Intended Use: To determine antimicrobial agent susceptibility   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: LTT   
510(k) Notification: Updated Breakpoints – Ciprofloxacin   
Predicate device: MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels Meropenem – (K192355)

# 510(k) Summary:

MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panels are designed for use in determining quantitative and/or qualitative antimicrobial agent susceptibility of colonies grown on solid media of rapidly growing aerobic and facultative anaerobic gram-negative bacilli.

The antimicrobial susceptibility tests are miniaturizations of the broth dilution susceptibility test that have been diluted in broth and dehydrated. Various antimicrobial agents are diluted in broth to concentrations bridging the range of clinical interest. Panels are rehydrated with water after inoculation with a standardized suspension of the organism. After incubation in a non- $\mathtt { C O } _ { 2 }$ incubator for 16-20 hours, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) for the test organism is read by determining the lowest antimicrobial concentration showing inhibition of growth.

The proposed MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panel demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with a CLSI frozen Reference Panel, as defined in the FDA document ” Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA”, dated August 28, 2009. The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of the MicroScan Dried Gram-Negative MIC/Combo Panel with ciprofloxacin.

The external evaluations were conducted with fresh, recent and stock Efficacy isolates and stock Challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of the proposed Dried GramNegative Panel by comparing its performance with a CLSI frozen Reference panel. The Dried Gram-Negative Panel inoculated with Prompt® and read on the WalkAway instrument demonstrated acceptable performance with an Enterobacteriaceae except Salmonella spp. Essential Agreement (EA) of $9 3 . 9 \%$ and Categorical Agreement (CA) of $9 8 . 0 \%$ , Enterobacteriaceae for Salmonella spp. EA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and CA of $9 5 . 2 \%$ , and Pseudomonas aeruginosa EA of $9 6 . 8 \%$ and CA of $91 . 4 \%$ for ciprofloxacin when compared with the frozen Reference panel.

Inoculum and instrument reproducibility testing demonstrated acceptable reproducibility and precision with ciprofloxacin, regardless of which inoculum method (i.e., Turbidity or Prompt®), or instrument (autoSCAN-4 instrument or WalkAway system) was used.

Quality Control testing demonstrated acceptable results for ciprofloxacin.