# January 29, 2019

DiaSorin Inc.   
Mari Meyer   
Vice President of Regulatory & Clinical Affairs 1951 Northwestern Ave   
Stillwater, Minnesota 55082-0285

Re: K193051 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON Lyme Total Antibody Plus, LIAISON Lyme Total Antibody Plus Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3830 Regulation Name: Treponema pallidum treponemal test reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LSR, QCH Dated: October 31, 2019 Received: November 1, 2019

Dear Mari Meyer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Steven Gitterman, M.D., Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 5.0 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

Mari Meyer   
VP Regulatory and Clinical Affairs, North America, DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 439-9710   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: mari.meyer@diasorin.com

# DATE PREPARED:

January 11, 2020

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus Control Set

Common Names/Descriptions:

Borrelia burgdorferi IgG/IgM assay and Borrelia burgdorferi IgG/IgM controls

Classification Names:

Treponema pallidum; treponemal test reagents Class II, 21 CFR: 866.3830; Microbiology

Product Code:

LSR

Predicate Device:

Zeus ELISA Borrelia VlsE1/pepC10 IgG/IgM Test System (K113397)

# INTENDED USE:

LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus: The LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology for the qualitative determination of lgG and IgM antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi in human serum and plasma ( ${ \sf K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA, Li-heparin) samples. This assay is intended for use on samples from patients with signs and symptoms that are consistent with Lyme disease. Positive or equivocal results should be supplemented by testing with a standardized Western blot procedure. Positive supplemental results provide evidence of exposure to B. burgdorferi and can be used to support a clinical diagnosis of Lyme disease. Negative results by LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay should not be used to exclude Lyme disease. The test has to be performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

The LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus Control Set: The LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay. The performance characteristics of LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus Control Set have not been established for any other assays or instrument platforms different from the LIAISON® XL.

# KIT DESCRIPTION:

The method for qualitative determination of IgG and IgM antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi is an indirect chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA). All assay steps (with the exception of magnetic particle resuspension) and incubations are performed by the Analyzer. The principal components of the test are magnetic particles (solid phase) coated with recombinant Borrelia antigens and a conjugate reagent containing two mouse monoclonal antibodies (anti- human IgG and anti-human IgM) linked to an isoluminol derivative (isoluminol-antibody conjugate). During the first incubation, antigen-specific antibodies present in calibrators, samples or controls bind to the solid phase. During the second incubation, the conjugates react with Borrelia burgdorferi IgG and IgM antibodies captured by the solid phase. Unbound material is removed with a wash cycle following incubations. Subsequently, the starter reagents are added and a flash chemiluminescence reaction is thus induced. The light signal, and hence the amount of isoluminol-antibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is indicative of the presence of Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies present in calibrators, samples or controls.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Table of Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device LIAISON®Lyme Total Antibody Plus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceZeus ELISA Borrelia VIsE1/pepC10IgG/IgM Test System  K113397</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus:The LIAISON® Lyme Total AntibodyPlus assay uses chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CLIA) technology forthe qualitative determination of IgGand IgM antibodies of Borreliaburgdorferi in human serum andplasma (K2-EDTA, Li-heparin)samples. This assay is intended foruse on samples from patients withsigns and symptoms that areconsistent with Lyme disease.Positive or equivocal results shouldbe supplemented by testing with astandardized Western blot procedure.Positive supplemental results provideevidence of exposure to B.burgdorferi and can be used tosupport a clinical diagnosis of Lymedisease. Negative results byLIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plusassay should not be used to excludeLyme disease. The test has to beperformed on the LIAISON® XLAnalyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative detection of IgG and IgM classantibodies to VIsE1 and pepC10 antigensfrom Borrelia burgdorferi in human serum.The assay is intended for testing serumsamples from symptomatic patients orthose with a history of Lyme Borreliosis. Allpositive and equivocal specimens shouldbe tested with a second-tier test such asWestern Blot, which if positive, is supportiveevidence of infection with Borreliaburgdorferi. Diagnosis of Ly m eBorreliosis should be made based on thepresence of B. burgdorferi antibodies,history, symptoms, and otherlaboratory data. Negative first or secondtier results should not be used to excludeBorreliosis. This kit is for in vitro diagnosticuse.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IgG and IgM antibodies to Borreliaburgdorferi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patients with signs and symptomsconsistent with Borrelia infection(Lyme disease)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses Borrelia antigens coated on asolid phase to capture specific patientantibodies.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses B. burgdorferi antigen coated on asolid phase to capture specific patientantibodies.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, serum separatortubes, K2-EDTA, ithium heparin plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate antibodyspecificities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-human IgG and anti-human IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-human IgG/lgM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Output</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Index</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 2:                          Table of Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceLIAISON® Lyme TotalAntibody Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceZeus ELISA BorreliaVIsE1/pepC10 IgG/IgM Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA (indirect chemiluminescentassay)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reporter Molecule</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoluminol derivative conjugated toanti-human IgG and IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TMB (as a substrate for Horseradishperoxidase conjugated to anti-humanIgG/lgM).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant VlsE antigen from B.burgdorferi strain B31 and from B.garinii strain Pbi, and OspC antigenfrom Borrelia afzelii,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIsE1 and pepC10 antigens of B.burgdorferi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated (on the LIAISON® XLAnalyzer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-point verification (in triplicate) ofstored 10-point master curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Cut-off Calibrator assayed intriplicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Output Signal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flash chemiluminescent response isintegrated over a 3 second readingperiod to generate a relative lightunit (RLU) value.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microtiter well O.D. (450 nm) is measuredafter the enzyme reaction is halted bysulfuric acid.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photomultiplier (flashchemiluminescence reader)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spectrophotometer (EIA Microtiter platereader</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA:

# Prospective Study/Method Comparison Agreement:

One thousand five hundred fifty (1550) samples collected from subjects sent to the lab for Lyme disease testing, were de-identified and numbered. The collection consisted of subjects from five (5) geographical regions of the U.S. The samples were tested with the LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay on the LIASON® XL and performed in three (3) laboratories (2 external and internally at DiaSorin). Results were evaluated for first tier testing.

Table 3: First Tier Percent Agreement with Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td>Predicate Assay (IgG/IgM)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISONRLyme TotalAntibody Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1466</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1435</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1550</td></tr></table>

Positive $\%$ Agreement\* $56 . 5 \%$ (65/115) 95% CI: 47.4% - 65.2% Negative $\%$ Agreement $9 8 . 7 \%$ (1416/1435) 95% CI: 97.9% - 99.2% \*Includes Positive and Equivocal combined

# Table 4: Second Tier Testing

Western blot testing was performed on the samples positive or equivocal by the test device and the predicate. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tier 1 + or Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Western BlotIgG/lgM +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WesternBlotIgG/lgM -</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON®Lyme Total Antibody Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate + LIAISON®Lyme Total Antibody Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr></table>

2nd Tier PPA 97.9% (47/48) $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 9 . 1 \% 9 9 . 6 \%$

# 15.2 Characterized Lyme Panel

Two hundred eighty samples of various reactivity were acquired from the CDC and evaluated internally at the manufacturer’s site. The results of the testing are presented here as a means of conveying further information on the performance of the LIAISON® Lyme Total Ab Plus assay with a characterized serum panel. This does not imply an endorsement of the assay by the CDC.

Table 5: Testing of CDC Lyme Reference Sera   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Sample Category (CDCReference Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>LIAISON LymeTotal AB Plus% Agreement/95% Wilson Cl</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Predicate% Agreement/95% Wilson Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stage I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9% (30/39)61.7% - 87.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9% (30/39)61.7% - 87.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stage II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Convalescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5% (29/31)79.3% - 98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5% (29/31)79.3% - 98.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stage III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (20/20)83.9% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (20/20)83.9% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Look-alike Diseases</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6% (86/90)89.1% - 98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4% (85/90)87.6% - 97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Healthy Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0% (98/100)93.0% - 99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0% (95/100)88.8% - 97.8%</td></tr></table>

# 15.3 PRECISION STUDY

A 12-day precision/repeatability study was conducted at DiaSorin on the LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay. Six (6) serum samples and one (1) lot of LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus Controls were tested for 12 days, 2 runs/day, and 2 replicates per run by multiple technologists for a total of 48 replicates. These test days span 2 calibration cycles. CLSI document EP05-A3 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ndex)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td></tr></table>

# 15.4 REPRODUCIBILITY STUDY

A five (5) day precision/reproducibility study was performed internally at DiaSorin Inc. and at two (2) external U.S. laboratories with one (1) lot of LIAISON $\textcircled{8}$ Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay. The study was performed for 5 days, 2 runs/day, and 3 replicates/run. Each day, two operators, at each testing site performed the testing for a total of 30 replicates at each site. CLSI document EP15-A3 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0509</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0463</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.654</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.074</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr></table>

# 15.5 Cross-Reactivity Study

The cross-reactivity study was designed to evaluate 238 specimens from twenty four (24) disease states either known to contain potentially cross-reactive antibodies to B. burgdorferi or from patients with diagnoses that can exhibit signs and symptoms similar to late manifestations of Lyme disease and cause false positive results.

<table><tr><td>Organism Infected or Disease State</td><td>Samples Tested</td><td>Pos or Eqv</td></tr><tr><td>Tick Borne Diseases</td><td>(n)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Babesiosis</td><td>10</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Tick Borne Relapsing Fever (TBRF)</td><td>8</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Autoimmune Disorders</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Anti-Nuclear Antibodies (ANA)</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Multiple Sclerosis</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Sjogrens Syndrome</td><td>10</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Viral Diseases</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgM Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgG</td><td>10 10</td><td>0 0</td></tr><tr><td>Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) VCA, and/or</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>heterophile Ab IgM Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) VCA, NA-1 and/or</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>EA-D IgG</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) EBNA IgG Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) VCA IgM</td><td>10</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>10</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) VCA IgG</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza Virus</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Parvovirus</td><td>10</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Bacterial Diseases</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>E. coli</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>H. pylori</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Syphilis</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatic Diseases</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Fibromyalgia</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)</td><td>10</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Additional Markers</td><td></td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>10</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Chronic Fatigue Syndrome</td><td></td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Human Anti-mouse Antibodies (HAMA)</td><td>10</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>238</td><td>13</td></tr></table>

# 15.6 Interfering Substances

Controlled studies of potentially interfering substances from endogenous interferents spiked into equivocal B. burgdorferi serum specimens showed that assay performance was not affected at the concentration for each substance listed below. The testing was based on CLSI-EP7-A3.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3600 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

DiaSorin LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus Assay Premarket Notification

# 15.7 Matrix Equivalence Study

Thirty-two (32) matched patient sets of serum, SST serum, $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA plasma and lithium heparin plasma samples were tested to determine if these sample types provide equivalent results. Sample regression analysis was done by Passing and Bablok method. All sample types met acceptance criteria for use in the LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay. A summary of the results is shown in the following table.

Sample Equivalence Results:   

<table><tr><td>Comparison to Serum</td><td>Bias</td><td>CI: 95%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>SST Serum Constant</td><td>0.00</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>SST Serum Proportional</td><td>0.99</td><td>0.97</td><td>1.01</td></tr><tr><td>K2-EDTA Constant</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>K2-EDTA Proportional</td><td>0.99</td><td>0.95</td><td>1.01</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium Heparin Constant</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.02</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium Heparin Proportional</td><td>0.95</td><td>0.92</td><td>0.97</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.