bioMerieux, Inc   
Cherece Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K200590 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW Dated: March 4, 2020 Received: March 6, 2020

Dear Cherece Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $\mathbf { ( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 \mu g / m L ) }$

A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name:

Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Cherece L. Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8684   
314-731-8689   
March 4, 2020

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 $ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code: LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Delafloxacin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

# C. Predicate Device:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Positive Dalbavancin $( { \le } 0 . 0 1 5$ - $2 1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ) (K190616)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the VITEK $^ { \mathbb { B } } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each VITEK $^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 0 1 5 - \mu \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-GP Delafloxacin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) when compared to the predicate device, ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Positive Dalbavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1$ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ , are described in the Table 1 below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Delafloxacin(≤0.015 - ≥1 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDalbavancin (≤0.015 - ≥1 μg/mL)(K190616)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDelafloxacin is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram positive microorganisms and isintended for use with the VITEK ® 2and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems asa laboratory aid in the determinationof in vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin is aquantitative test. Delafloxacin hasbeen shown to be active against moststrains of the microorganisms listedbelow, according to the FDA labelfor this antimicrobial.Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Acute Bacterial Skin and SkinStructure Infections (ABSSSI):Staphylococcus aureus (includingmethicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible isolates)Streptococcus agalactiaeEnterococcus faecalisCommunity-Acquired Bacterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDalbavancin is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram positive microorganisms and isintended for use with the VITEK ® 2and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as alaboratory aid in the determination ofin vitro susceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDalbavancin is a quantitative test.Dalbavancin has been shown to beactive against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.Active both in vitro and in clinicalinfectionsStaphylococcus aureus (includingmethicillin-resistant isolates)Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only)Streptococcus agalactiaeThe VITEK® 2 Gram-positiveSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 0 1 5 - \mu \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Delafloxacin(≤0.015 - ≥1 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDalbavancin (≤0.015 - ≥1 μg/mL)(K190616)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pneumonia (CABP):Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible isolates only)The VITEK ® 2 Gram-positiveSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>laboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram Positive (AST-GP)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Algorithms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Growth Pattern Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 and VITEK ® 2 CompactSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delafloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dalbavancin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008, 0.03, 0.06, 0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625, 0.125, 0.25, 0.5</td></tr></table>

# F. Indications for Use:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK ${ \mathbb R } ^ { } 2$ AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin is a quantitative test. Delafloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections: Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI):

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 0 1 5 - \mu \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible isolates)   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Enterococcus faecalis

# Community-Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP):

Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible isolates only)

The VITEK® 2 Gram-positive Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., and S. agalactiae to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] )$ presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin. An external evaluation was conducted with contemporary and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hrs for Staphylococci and Enterococci and 20-24 hrs for Streptococci. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 0 1 5 - \mu \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   
Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGelowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Delafloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EABSSSI(Overall)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(737/763)96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(717/763)94.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/136)1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(3/594)0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(41/763)5.4%</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EABSSSI (E.faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(342/360)95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(340/360)94.4 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/98)2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/252)0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(17/360)4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EABSSSI(MSSA+MRSA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(320/326)98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(300/326)92.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/36)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/267)0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(24/326)7.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EABSSSI(S.agalactiae)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(75/77)97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(77/77)100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/2)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/75)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/77)0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, ECABP(MSSA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(169/170)99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(165/170)97.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/7)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/155)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(5/170)2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>OTICwhen testing Staphylococcus aureus compared to the CLSI reference broth microdilution method.N  T, MRS 5%/n 5  considered minor.</td></tr></table>

Key: $\# =$ US Food and Drug Administration 510(k) cleared $\mathrm { E = }$ External performance data

Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Delafloxacin $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 0 1 5 - \mu \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission