Zeptometrix   
$\%$ Michael Smith   
Manager, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs MDC Associates Inc.   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, Massachusetts 01915

Re: K201403 Trade/Device Name: NATtrol Vaginal Panel External Run Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3920 Regulation Name: Assayed Quality Control Material For Clinical Microbiology Assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMN Dated: May 26, 2020 Received: May 28, 2020

Dear Michael Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

For

Maria Garcia, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name NATtrolTm BD MAX Vaginal Panel External Controls

Indications for Use (Describe) NATtrolTM BV Negative Control (NATBVNEG-BD) is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of targets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAXTM System. NATtrol BV Negative Control is a qualitative control containing intact and inactivated Lactobacillus crispatus and intended to be used solely with the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAXTM System. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided in the package insert.

NATtrolTM BV Positive Control (NATBVPOS-BD) is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of targets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAXTM System. NATtrolTM BV Positive Control is a qualitative control containing intact and inactivated Lactobacillus jensenii, Gardnerella vaginalis, Atopobium vaginae, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae containing BVAB2 (Bacterial Vaginosis-Associated Bacterium 2) sequence and intended to be used solely with the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAXTM System. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided in the package insert.

NATtrolTM Candida/TV Positive Control (NATCTVPOS-BD) is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of targets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAXTM System. NATtrol Candida/TV Positive Control is a qualitative control containing intact and inactivated Candida albicans, Candida krusei, Candida glabrata, and Trichomonas vaginalis and intended to be used solely with the BD Vaginal Panel for the BD MAXTM System. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided in the package insert.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date of Summary:

November 12, 2021

# Product Name:

NATtrol™ BD MAX Vaginal Panel External Controls

Sponsor:

ZeptoMetrix, LLC 878 Main Street Buffalo, NY. 14202

# Correspondent:

MDC Associates, Inc.   
Michael Smith, Manager, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs 180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915   
Phone: (978) 927 3808   
Fax: (866) 540 3448   
Email: regulatory@mdcassoc.com

# Common Name:

Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays.

# Regulation Number:

866.3920

# Classification:

Class II

Predicate Device:

Microbiologics, Inc. BD MAX CT/GC/TV 20-Day QC Panel (K181683)

# Substantial Equivalency

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix CorporationNATtrol™ BD MAX Vaginal Panel ExternalControls (New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microbiologics, Inc.BD MAX CT/GC/TV 20-Day QC PanelK181683(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NATtrol™ BV Negative Control(NATBVNEG-BD) is intended for use as anassayed quality control material tomonitor the performance of in vitrodiagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testingprocedures for the qualitative detection oftargets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BDMAX™ System. NATtrol BV NegativeControl is a qualitative control containingintact and inactivated Lactobacilluscrispatus and intended to be used solelywith the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™System. This product is not intended toreplace manufacturer controls provided inthe package insert.NATtrol™ BV Positive Control (NATBVPOS-BD) is intended for use as an assayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD MAX CT/GC/TV 20-Day QC Panel isintended for use as an external assayed positivequality control material to monitor theperformance of in vitro laboratory nucleic acidtesting procedures for the qualitative detectionof Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseriagonorrhoeae and Trichomonas vaginalis with theBD MAX CT/GC/TV Assay on the BD MAXSystem. The controls comprise cultured andinactivated C. trachomatis, N. gonorrhoeae andT. vaginalis. The BD MAX CT/GC/TV 20-Day QCPanel is not intended to replace manufacturercontrols provided with the device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">quality control material to monitor theperformance of in vitro diagnosticlaboratory nucleic acid testing proceduresfor the qualitative detection of targets onthe BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™ System.NATtrol™ BV Positive Control is aqualitative control containing intact andinactivated Lactobacillus jensenii,Gardnerella vaginalis, Atopobium vaginae,and Saccharomyces cerevisiae containingBVAB2 (Bacterial Vaginosis-AssociatedBacterium 2) sequence and intended to beused solely with the BD Vaginal Panel forBD MAX™ System. This product is notintended to replace manufacturer controlsprovided in the package insert.NATtrol™ Candida/TV Positive Control(NATCTVPOS-BD) is intended for use as anassayed quality control material tomonitor the performance of in vitrodiagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testingprocedures for the qualitative detection oftargets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BDMAX™ System. NATtrol Candida/TVPositive Control is a qualitative controlcontaining intact and inactivated Candidaalbicans, Candida krusei, Candida glabrata,and Trichomonas vaginalis and intended tobe used solely with the BD Vaginal Panelfor the BD MAX™ System. This product isnot intended to replace manufacturercontrols provided in the package insert.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inactivated microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MAX System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Steps Monitored</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction, amplification and detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inactivated microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ready-to-use liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized pellet</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of TargetsMonitored</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

NATtrol™ BV Negative Control (NATBVNEG-BD) is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of targets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™ System. NATtrol BV Negative Control is a qualitative control containing intact and inactivated Lactobacillus crispatus and intended to be used solely with the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™ System. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided in the package insert.

NATtrol™ BV Positive Control (NATBVPOS-BD) is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of targets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™ System. NATtrol™ BV Positive Control is a qualitative control containing intact and inactivated Lactobacillus jensenii, Gardnerella vaginalis, Atopobium vaginae, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae containing BVAB2 (Bacterial VaginosisAssociated Bacterium 2) sequence and intended to be used solely with the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™ System. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided in the package insert.

NATtrol™ Candida/TV Positive Control (NATCTVPOS-BD) is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of targets on the BD Vaginal Panel for BD MAX™ System. NATtrol Candida/TV Positive Control is a qualitative control containing intact and inactivated Candida albicans, Candida krusei, Candida glabrata, and Trichomonas vaginalis and intended to be used solely with the BD Vaginal Panel for the BD MAX™ System. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided in the package insert.

# Test Principle

Not applicable; this is control material to monitor performance of a test.

# Device Description

NATtrol™ BD MAX Vaginal Panel External Controls are formulated with purified, intact microorganisms that have been chemically modified to render them non-infectious and refrigerator stable. The controls are formulated in a proprietary matrix that contains Fetal Bovine Serum, Human Serum Albumin, and sodium azide.

NATtrol™ BV Positive Control contains intact and inactivated Lactobacillus jensenii, Gardnerella vaginalis, Atopobium vaginae, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae containing BVAB2 (Bacterial VaginosisAssociated Bacterium 2) sequence.

NATtrol™ Candida/TV Positive Control contains intact and inactivated Candida albicans, Candida krusei, Candida glabrata, and Trichomonas vaginalis.

NATtrol™ BV Negative Control contains intact and inactivated Lactobacillus crispatus.

# Performance Data

A single site performance study was conducted to evaluate precision and performance of the NATtrol™ BD MAX Vaginal Panel External Controls. The Performance of the controls was evaluated by observing the data collected during multiple studies performed by six (6) operators using two (2) lots of BV Positive, two (2) lots of BV Negative and one (1) lot of Candida/TV Positive controls.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BV Positive Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX Result(Observed/Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement with expectedResults (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (84/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7%(91.9%-99.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (86/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (86/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (86/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (86/86)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candida/TV Positive Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX Result(Observed/Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement with expectedResults (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (102/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%(93.3%-99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (103/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(94.8%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (103/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(94.8%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (103/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(94.8%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (103/104)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(94.8%-99.8%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BV Negative Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAX Result(Observed/Total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement with expectedResults (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (191/191)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (189/191)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(96.3%-99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. krusei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (191/191)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. glabrata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (191/191)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.0%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (191/191)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.0%-100%)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports asubstantial equivalence decision.