bioMérieux, Inc.   
Debra Broyles   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K201675 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Meropenem $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTW, LTT Dated: June 18, 2020 Received: June 19, 2020

Dear Debra Broyles:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Meropenem (≤0.25 - ≥16 μg/mL)

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Debra Broyles   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8805   
314-731-8689   
December 8, 2020

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Meropenem $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6$ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645 Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Product Code(s): LON, LTW, LTT

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline $\left( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 4 \right.$ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ ) (K191766)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media.The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

${ \mathrm { W T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Meropenem $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) has the following concentrations in the card: 0.5, 1, 2, 4 and $8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { { g } / m L }$ ).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Meropenem $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ when compared to the predicate device, ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Eravacycline $\mathbf { \varepsilon } _ { \mathbf { \Delta } } \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m L } )$ , are described in the Table 1 below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GramNegative Meropenem(≤0.25 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GNEravacycline( ≤ 0.12 − ≥ 4 µg/mL)(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGllow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeMeropenem is designed forantimicrobial susceptibilitytesting of Gram negative bacilliand is intended for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2Compact Systems as a laboratoryaid in the determination of invitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2AST-Gram Negative Meropenemin is a quantitative test.Meropenem has been shown to beactive against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label forthis antimicrobial.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeEravacycline is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testingof Gram negative bacilli and isintended for use with the VITEK®2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systemsas a laboratory aid in thedetermination of in vitrosusceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK® 2 AST-GramNegative Eravacycline is aquantitative test. Eravacycline hasbeen shown to be active againstmost strains of the microorganismslisted below, according to the FDAlabel for this antimicrobial.</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device: VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Meropenem (≤0.25 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td>Predicate: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline ( ≤ 0.12 −≥ 4 µg/mL) (K191766)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="10"></td><td>Active in vitro and in clinical infections:</td><td>Active in vitro and in clinical</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>infections: Citrobacter freundii</td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td>Enterobacter cloacae</td></tr><tr><td>Proteus mirabilis Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td>Escherichia coli Klebsiella oxytoca</td></tr><tr><td>In vitro data are available, but</td><td>Klebsiella pneumoniae In vitro data are available, but</td></tr><tr><td>clinical significance is</td><td>clinical significance is unknown:</td></tr><tr><td>unknown:</td><td>Citrobacter koseri Klebsiella (Enterobacter)</td></tr><tr><td>Citrobacter freundii</td><td>aerogenes</td></tr><tr><td>Citrobacter koseri Enterobacter cloacae</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hafnia alvei Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td>The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Morganella morganii</td><td>clinical laboratories as an in vitro</td></tr><tr><td>Serratia marcescens</td><td>test to determine the susceptibility</td></tr><tr><td>The VITEK® 2 Gram Negative</td><td>of clinically significant aerobic Gram negative bacilli to</td></tr><tr><td>Susceptibility Card Meropenem also reports susceptibility for the</td><td>antimicrobial agents when used as</td></tr><tr><td>following additional organisms as</td><td>instructed.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria website:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Acinetobacter spp</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>when used as instructed.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>use with the VITEK® 2 Systems</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>in clinical laboratories as an in</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>vitro test to determine the</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>susceptibility of clinically</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>significant aerobic Gram negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents</td><td></td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GramNegative Meropenem(≤0.25 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GNEravacycline( ≤ 0.12 − ≥ 4 µg/mL)(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitativeantimicrobial susceptibility testfor use with the VITEK® 2 andVITEK® 2 Compact Systems todetermine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram Negative (AST-GN)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 and VITEK®2Compact Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meropenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eravacycline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5, 2, 6, 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25, 1, 2, 4</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Meropenem is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { W T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Meropenem in is a quantitative test. Meropenem has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Proteus mirabilis Pseudomonas aeruginosa

# In vitro data are available, but clinical significance is unknown:

Citrobacter freundii Citrobacter koseri

Enterobacter cloacae Hafnia alvei Klebsiella oxytoca Morganella morganii Serratia marcescens

The VITEK® 2 Gram Negative Susceptibility Card Meropenem also reports susceptibility for the following additional organisms as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria website:

Acinetobacter spp.

The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-GN Meropenem. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem Traditional 510(k) Submission   
Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Meropenem Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallPerformance (withthe referencemethod)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1016/1070)95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1016/1070)95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/346)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/680)0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(50/1070)4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacterales</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(537/569)94.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(552/569)97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/65)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/491)0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(13/569)2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(267/282)94.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(253/282)89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/121)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/137)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(29/282)10.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acinetobacter spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(212/219)96.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(211/219)966.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/160)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/52)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(8/219)3.7</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.   
3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.