Arlington Scientific, Inc. (ASI) David Binks   
COO   
1840 North Technology Dr.   
Springville, Utah 84663

Re: K201438 Trade/Device Name: ASI Automated RPR (rapid plasma reagin) Test for Syphilis, for use on the AS Evolution Automated Syphilis Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3820 Regulation Name: Treponema Pallidum Nontreponemal Test Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GMQ, Dated: May 29, 2020 Received: June 1, 2020

Dear David Binks:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Steven Gitterman, M.D., Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis for Use on the ASI Evolution

Indications for Use (Describe)

T r pa  hi  vluua quliaivilatal u de rologicalchih  e eost

The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis is for professional use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 5.0 510(k) Summary

5.1 Preparation Date: 08/24/2020

# Submitted By

David Binks MT (ASCP), MBA   
COO   
Arlington Scientific, Inc.   
1840 North Technology Dr.   
Springville, UT 84663   
Phone 801-489-8911 / Fax 801-489-5552

5.2 Trade Name –ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis for use on the ASI Evolution

Regulation section: (21 CFR 866.3820) Treponema pallidum nontreponemal test reagents

Classification: Class II

Product Code: GMQ

Panel: Microbiology

5.3 Predicate Device(s) – ASI RPR Card Test for Syphilis on the ASI Evolution (K173376, BK170114, and K182391)

Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ASI Evolution (NewAlgorithm) (K201438)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASI Evolution(Original Algorithm)(K173376 andK182391)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>The ASI Automated RPR (rapid plasmareagin) Test for Syphilis, for use on the ASIEvolution Automated Analyzer, is aqualitative and semiquantitativeflocculation test for the detection ofnontreponemal antibodies in human serumand plasma to aid in the diagnosis ofsyphilis. All reactive RPR test samplesshould be further tested with a treponemaltest to determine serological evidence ofsyphilis infection. The test is intended tobe used for in vitro diagnostic testing.The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilisis for professional use only.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The ASI Automated RPR (rapidplasma reagin) Test for Syphilis,for use on the ASl EvolutionAutomated Syphilis Analyzer, isa qualitative and semi-quantitative nontreponemalflocculation test for the detectionof reagin antibodies in humanserum and plasma as ascreening test for serologicalevidence of syphilis. All reactiveRPR test samples should befurther tested with a treponemaltest.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>syphilis infection.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>n.Th</td></tr></table>

# ASI Evolution K201438

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ASI Automated RPR Test forSyphilis is for professional useonly. The test is intended to beused for in vitro diagnostic testingand blood donor screening.The ASI Evolution is intended tobe used as a fully automatedanalyzer to objectively interpretthe results of the ASl AutomatedRPR test for Syphilis. The ASIEvolution is designed to providestandardized test interpretationand to provide for storage,retrieval, and transmittal of thetest results. It is intended to beacquired, possessed and usedonly by health care professionals.The ASI Evolution analyzer, inconjunction with the ASIAutomated RPR Test for Syphilisis intended to be used for in vitrodiagnostic testing and blooddonor screening.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologyInstruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ASI Evolution is an integrated digitalparticle analyzer designed to objectivelyinterpret certain agglutination testsmanufactured by Arlington Scientific, Inc.(ASI). The ASI Evolution fully automatesthe sample and reagent handling steps ofthe test procedure. Laboratoryprofessionals use the ASl Evolution toprovide standardized test interpretationusing criteria that define reactive andnonreactive agglutination reactions.The ASI Evolution employs a camera tocreate a highly sensitive and high-resolution image of the agglutinationimmunoassay. This image is thenanalyzed by the proprietary softwarealgorithm to interpret the agglutinationpattern.The ASl Evolution further provides toolsthat enable the creation, storage, retrievaland transmittal of the test results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologyReagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flocculation Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASI RPR Carbon Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reported Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive, Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Volumeused per Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive, Weak Reactive, Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

ASI Evolution K201438   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 well plastic test plate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used for in vitro diagnostic testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

5.4 Device Description – The ASI Evolution is an integrated digital particle analyzer designed to objectively interpret certain slide agglutination tests manufactured by Arlington Scientific, Inc. (ASI). The ASI Evolution fully automates the sample and reagent handling steps of the test procedure. Qualitative and semiquantitative tests are performed by laboratory professionals who use the ASI Evolution to provide standardized test interpretation using criteria that define reactive and nonreactive agglutination reactions.

The ASI Evolution employs a camera that uses light reflectance to create a highly sensitive and high-resolution image of the agglutination immunoassay. This image is then analyzed by the proprietary software algorithm to interpret the agglutination pattern.

The ASI Evolution further provides tools that enable the creation, storage, retrieval and transmittal of the test results.

The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis reagents include the following:

CARBON ANTIGEN - $0 . 0 0 3 \%$ cardiolipin, $0 . 0 2 0 { - } 0 . 0 2 2 \%$ lecithin, $0 . 0 9 \%$ cholesterol, charcoal (activated) as visual enhancer, phosphate buffer, $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative and stabilizers.

CONTROLS (REACTIVE, WEAK REACTIVE, NONREACTIVE) - Human serum or defibrinated plasma (liquid), with $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as preservative.

Reagents have two-year expiration dating from date of manufacture. The specific expiration date is located on the label on the vial.

# Intended Use –

The ASI Automated RPR (rapid plasma reagin) Test for Syphilis, for use on the ASI Evolution Automated Analyzer, is a qualitative and semiquantitative flocculation test for the detection of nontreponemal antibodies in human serum and plasma to aid in the diagnosis of syphilis. All reactive RPR test samples should be further tested with a treponemal test to determine serological evidence of syphilis infection. The test is intended to be used for in vitro diagnostic testing.

The ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis is for professional use only.

Performance Data – A comparison of the digital interpretation of the results from the ASI Evolution using the original interpretation algorithm (K173376, BK170114, and K182391) to establish substantial equivalence to the interpretation made by the ASI Evolution using the new interpretation algorithm was conducted.

The ASI Evolution was evaluated for equivalence, in its pattern of reactivity using a total of 1,762 individual retrospective samples, with identifiers removed, that had been collected from different Departments of Public Health Labs and Blood Banks. Reactive, Weak Reactive and Nonreactive controls were run on each day of testing.

Retrospective Serum Sample Testing – 872 Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">ASI Evolution Original Algorithm</td></tr><tr><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">ASI Evolution New Algorithm</td><td>Reactive</td><td>91</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Nonreactive</td><td>0</td><td>775</td></tr></table>

Note: The six discordant results were investigated and tested with a treponemal test and found to be reactive.

Serum positive agreement is calculated as:

$9 1 / ( 9 1 + 0 ) = 1 0 0 \%$ $9 5 \% 0 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 6 . 0 3 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

Serum negative agreement is calculated as:

$7 7 5 / ( 7 7 5 + 6 ) = 9 9 . 2 3 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } = 9 8 . 3 4 \% - 9 9 . 7 2 \%$

Serum samples were from both SST and Red Top tubes.

# Retrospective Plasma Sample Testing – 890 Samples

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">ASI Evolution Original Algorithm</td></tr><tr><td>Reactive</td><td>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">ASI Evolution New Algorithm</td><td>Reactive</td><td>119</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Nonreactive</td><td>5</td><td>765</td></tr></table>

Note: The six discordant results were investigated and the sample that was called reactive by the new algorithm and nonreactive by the original algorithm was tested with a treponemal test and found to be nonreactive. The five samples that were called nonreactive by the new algorithm and reactive by the original algorithm had bubbles or artifacts in the test well.

Total Plasma positive agreement is calculated as:

$$
1 1 9 / ( 1 1 9 + 5 ) = 9 5 . 9 7 \%
$$

ASI Evolution K201438

$$
9 5 \% \thinspace \mathsf { C l } = 9 0 . 9 1 \% \thinspace - 9 8 . 2 7 \%
$$

Sodium Citrate positive agreement is calculated as:

$5 5 / ( 5 5 + 4 ) = 9 3 . 2 2 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C l } = 8 3 . 5 4 \% - 9 8 . 1 2 \%$

EDTA positive agreement is calculated as:

$6 4 / ( 6 4 + 1 ) = 9 8 . 4 6 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 1 . 7 2 \% - 9 9 . 9 6 \%$

Total Plasma negative agreement is calculated as:

$7 6 5 / ( 7 6 5 + 1 ) = 9 9 . 8 7 \%$ $9 5 \% ~ \mathsf { C l } = 9 9 . 2 7 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 0 \%$

Sodium Citrate negative agreement is calculated as:

$4 6 5 / ( 4 6 5 + 1 ) = 9 9 . 7 9 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 8 1 \% - 9 9 . 9 9 \%$

EDTA negative agreement is calculated as:

$3 0 0 / ( 3 0 0 + 0 ) = 1 0 0 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathsf { C l } = 9 8 . 7 8 \% - 1 0 0 \%$

# Pregnant Women Testing

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The positive and negative percent agreement for the two algorithms demonstrate that they have a very similar performance.

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility testing was conducted. The testing consisted of:

 Testing seven (7) samples o 2 - RPR nonreactive samples o 2 – RPR reactive 1:2 titered samples o 1 – RPR reactive 1:4 titered sample o 1 - RPR reactive 1:8 titered sample o 1 – RPR reactive 1:16 titered sample

Each sample was run in duplicate within the panel.   
Each sample was tested each day for five non-consecutive days by an operator with experience in performing the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis Each sample was tested a second time on each of the days referenced above separated by approximately 2 hours.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPRnonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPRnonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>06127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W9P19R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR reactive1:16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R0B03R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04 - 100</td></tr></table>

# The data shows a very high degree of reproducibility.

End-point Titer Testing

A total of 9 samples with identifiers removed were tested to determine patterns of reactivity using the semiquantitative test procedure on the ASI Evolution with the new interpretation algorithm with the reagents of the ASI Automated RPR Test for Syphilis. There were no errors with the instrument during the testing.

The nine samples were made up of prospective control serum and serum samples of known reactivity. All samples had been tested by the manual interpretation method prior to testing. The expected results were established by this testing. These specimens were tested with ASI carbon antigen (CA9P02RRD). The samples were as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Titer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>06127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive (NR)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NonreactiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive(NR)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(1:8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(1:2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W9P19R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weak ReactiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(1:2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R0B03R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(1:8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(1:64)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(1:128)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10189C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanSerum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive (1:256)</td></tr></table>

The nine samples were tested in eight replicates on ten different days. Not all samples were tested on the same day. Each sample set of eight replicates were tested ten times giving a total of 80 data points for each sample. The line item data is included with this submission as a separate document. An acceptable result is within $+ / - 1$ titer of the expected result. Nonreactive samples must be nonreactive. The results of the semiquantitative analysis samples are shown in tables below:

Titration Sample Testing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>06127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W9P19R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R0B03R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10189C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:256</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td></tr></table>

All titration samples were within the $+ / -$ one titer.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RPREndpointManualTesting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>RPR Endpoint Titer New Algorithm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1(Neat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:512</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>