# November 9, 2020

Mesa Biotech, Inc.   
Barbara Stevens   
Regulatory Consultant   
6190 Cornerstone Court, Suite 220 San Diego, California 92121

Re: K201269 Trade/Device Name: Accula Strep A Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680 Regulation Name: Streptococcus Spp. Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PGX Dated: May 11, 2020 Received: May 12, 2020

Dear Barbara Stevens:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief, General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Section 5. 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: _K201269

1. Sponsor/Applicant Name and Address Company Name: Address:

Telephone: Contact Person:

Mesa Biotech, Inc.   
6190 Cornerstone Court, Suite 220 San Diego, CA 92121   
858-800-4929   
Barbara Stevens   
Regulatory Consultant   
05/11/2020

Date Summary Prepared:

2. Device Name and Classification Trade Name: Classification of Device: Product Code

Accula™ Strep A Test 21 CFR 866.2680, Streptococcus spp. Nucleic-acid based assay PGX

# 3. Predicate Device

K141338, Roche cobas® Liat™ Strep A Test

# 4. Device Description

Operating Principle

The Accula™ Strep A Test is a semi-automated, colorimetric polymerase chain reaction (PCR) nucleic acid amplification test to qualitatively detect Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ - hemolytic Streptococcus, Strep A) bacterial nucleic acid from unprocessed throat swabs that have not undergone prior nucleic acid extraction. The system integrates nucleic acid extraction, a novel Mesa Biotech PCR nucleic acid amplification technology named OscARTM, and hybridization-based visual detection into a completely self-contained and automated system. The Accula Strep A system consists of a small reusable Dock to drive the automated testing process, and a single-use disposable test cassette that contains all the enzymes and reagents.

# Strep A Kit Contents

The Accula Strep A Test Kit contains all the materials needed to run a test, except for the Accula Dock, which is provided separately. The Accula Strep A Test Kit contains the following components.

Sterile Swabs for throat swab collection (25)   
• Accula Strep A Buffer (25)   
• Accula Transfer Pipettes (25) Accula Strep A Test Cassettes (25)   
• Strep A Positive Control Swab (1)   
• Negative Control Swab (1)   
• Instructions for Use Quick Reference Guide

# 5. Indications for Use

The Accula Strep A Test performed on the Accula Dock is a molecular in vitro diagnostic test utilizing polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and lateral flow technologies for the qualitative, visual detection of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus, Strep A) bacterial nucleic acid. It is intended to aid in the rapid diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infections from throat swabs of patients with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis.

All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude infection with Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

# 6. Comparison to Predicate Device

The following table provides a comparison of the characteristics of the Accula Strep A Test to the predicate device, the Roche cobas® Liat™ Strep A Test.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Device:Mesa BiotechAccula Strep A Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Roche cobas® LiatTM Strep ATest (K141338)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Accula Strep A Testperformed on the AcculaDock is a molecular invitro diagnostic testutilizing polymerasechain reaction (PCR)and lateral flowtechnologies for thequalitative, visualdetection ofStreptococcus pyogenes(Group A β-hemolyticStreptococcus, Strep A)bacterial nucleic acid. Itis intended to aid in therapid diagnosis of GroupA Streptococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cobas® Strep A nucleicacid test for use on the cobasLiat System (cobas Strep A) isa qualitative in vitro diagnostictest for the detection ofStreptococcus pyogenes(Group A β-hemolyticStreptococcus, Strep A) inthroat swab specimens frompatients with signs andsymptoms of pharyngitis.The cobas Strep A assayutilizes nucleic acidpurification and polymerasechain reaction (PCR)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bacterial infections fromthroat swabs of patientswith signs andsymptoms ofpharyngitis.All negative test results shouldbe confirmed by bacterialculture because negativeresults do not precludeinfection with Group AStreptococcus and should notbe used as the sole basis fortreatment.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">technology to detectStreptococcus pyogenes bytargeting a segment of theStreptococcus pyogenesgenome.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PGX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PGX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group A Streptococcus (S.pyogenes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group A Streptococcus (S.pyogenes)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conserved region of Group AStreptococcus genome</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conserved region of Group AStreptococcus genome</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throat swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Users andUse Locations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical lab and CLIA-waivedsites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical lab and CLIA-waivedsites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial Lysis/DNAExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detergent and heat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chaotrope and enzymaticdigestion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidPurification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid phase magnetic affinitycapture</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unitized, ready for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unitized, ready for use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive andNegative ControlSwabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR amplification and visualidentification of amplificationproducts by hybridization to atest strip.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR nucleic acid amplificationand detection of specificamplification products usingmolecular TaqMan(hydrolysis) probe-based PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">fluorescent probes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses dyed microparticleconjugates to specificallydetect and identifyamplification reactionproducts.Visual interpretation of thepresence or the absence ofcolored lines on a test strip.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses fluorescently-labeledTaqman probe to specificallyidentify amplified cDNAproducts.Optical detection offluorescence</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification controlled bythe Accula Dock.No detection by theinstrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification and detectionperformed on the Liatinstrument.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Summary

# Expected Values

A total of 654 specimens were tested in a prospective clinical study conducted at nine U.S sites from May 2019 to January 2020. The overall prevalence of S. pyogenes as determined by bacterial culture was $2 0 . 0 \%$ (131/654), and as determined by the Accula Strep A Test, the overall positivity rate was $2 1 . 3 \%$ (139/654). The positivity rate by age range of the subjects is shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Strep A Positivity Rate by Accula Strep A Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of SwabSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Strep APositives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Positivity Rate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/112 = 30.36%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 to 21 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/292 = 23.97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 to 59 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/224 = 15.18%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 Years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/26 = 3.85%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139/654 = 21.25%</td></tr></table>

# Prospective Clinical Study:

Clinical performance characteristics of the Accula Strep A Test were evaluated in a multi-site prospective study from May 2019 to January 2020 in the U.S. A total of nine (9) investigational Point of Care sites participated in the study. To be enrolled in the study, patients had to be presenting at the participating study centers with symptoms of pharyngitis. Two throat swabs were collected from each subject using standard collection methods, a Copan $\mathrm { F L O Q ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } } }$ swab for the Accula testing and a second swab using the Copan eSwab™ Liquid Amies Collection System for the reference testing. One throat swab was tested, following elution in $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of Accula Strep A Buffer, on the Accula Strep A Test, according to product instructions. The other throat swab was collected with the eSwab system in accordance with the instructions from the reference laboratory and the test manufacturer and transported to the central laboratory for testing by Blood Agar Culture and an FDA-cleared molecular test. All specimens generating discrepant results between the Accula Strep A Test and Blood Agar Culture, or between Accula and the molecular comparator test, were tested with a second FDA-cleared molecular test.

A total of 669 subjects were enrolled in this study. Of those, 15 samples were unevaluable for the Accula v. culture comparison due to sample transport and storage issues, failure to comply with inclusion/exclusion criteria, protocol deviations, and invalid results with the Accula test. A total of 654 samples were considered evaluable for this analysis. The performance of the Accula Strep A Test compared to Blood Agar Culture is shown in the table below. Results of the discrepant evaluations against both molecular methods are shown in the footnotes.

# Accula Strep A Test Performance against Reference Culture

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mesa Biotech Accula ™Strep A Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Blood Agar Culture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>515</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96.2% (126/131) (95% Cl:91.4%-98.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.5% (510/523) (95% Cl:95.8%-98.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.2% (636/654) (95% Cl:95.7%-98.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99% (510/515) (95% Cl:97.7%-99.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV (at 30% Prevalence):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.3%</td></tr></table>

aStrep A was detected in 7/13 False Positives specimens using the discrepant evaluation molecular method bStrep A was not detected in $\scriptstyle 2 / 5$ False Negative specimens using the discrepant evaluation molecular method

In addition, the Accula Strep A Test results were compared with an FDA-clear molecular comparative method. For this analysis, 21 of the samples from the 669 enrolled subjects were unevaluable due to sample transport and storage issues, failure to comply with inclusion/exclusion criteria, protocol deviations, invalid results with the molecular comparator method, and invalid results with the Accula test. A total of 648 samples were considered evaluable for this analysis. The performance of the Accula Strep A Test compared to the FDAcleared molecular method are shown in the table below. Results of the discrepant evaluation against the discrepant analysis molecular method are shown in the footnotes.

Accula™ Strep A Test Strep A Performance Against the Molecular Comparator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mesa Biotech AcculaTMStrep A Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Molecular Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>648</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>PPA (Positive Percent Agreement):</td><td>93.8% (137/146) (95% CI:88.7%-96.7%)</td></tr><tr><td>NPA (Negative</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Percent Agreement):</td><td>99.8% (501/502) (95% CI:98.9%-100%)</td></tr></table>

a Strep A was detected in 0/1 False Positives specimens using the discrepant evaluation molecular method b Strep A was not detected in $5 / 9$ False Negative specimens using the discrepant evaluation molecular method

# Reproducibility/Near-Cutoff Study

The Reproducibility study was performed to demonstrate the reproducibility of the Accula Strep A Test with contrived throat swabs, including samples at analyte concentrations near the assay cutoff, at three CLIA waived sites that also participated in the clinical study. The objective of the study was to demonstrate reproducibility of the assay in the hands of multiple users at multiple sites over multiple non-consecutive days.

The test panel consisted of three samples at varying Strep A concentrations, two of which are at or near the assay cutoff. Each positive sample was prepared by spiking the Streptococcus pyogenes strain BAA-946 into clinical matrix. The targeted concentration for the Low Positive Sample was 1x LoD and for the Moderate Positive Sample was $2 \mathbf { x }$ LoD. The Negative Sample contained no Strep A.

Samples were blinded and coded and were provided to testing operators in a random fashion. Testing was performed with triplicate swab preparations, by two operators per site, on five nonconsecutive days over a period of two weeks, concurrently with the clinical study.

Results are reported as percent agreement: observed result/expected result x 100. No significant differences were observed within run, between runs, between operators or between sites. Agreement by site is summarized in the table below.

Site to Site Reproducibility: Percent Agreement and Total Counts (Observed/Expected)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SampleType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (89/90)(94.0%-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (87/89)(92.2%-99.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (88/90)(92.3%-99.4%)</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection

Two Strep A strains were tested at multiple analyte levels until the LoD was determined (the level at which at least 19/20 results are positive). Bacteria were serially diluted into a pooled negative clinical matrix and spiked onto a swab for each replicate to create the contrived test samples. Confirmatory testing was performed in replicates of twenty (20) on multiple days. The results are summarized in the table below.

Accula Strep A Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAA-946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 19615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

1 Final concentration of organisms after $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of bacterial dilution is spiked onto swab and eluted in 2.5 mL Strep A Buffer (assuming $100 \%$ recovery of bacteria).

# Analytical Reactivity

Inclusivity verification was evaluated for the Accula Strep A Test at Mesa Biotech. The panel consisted of four (4) additional Strep A strains that were not included in the LoD study. Each strain was tested in triplicate at concentrations of approximately 1.5x LoD and $3 . 0 \mathrm { x }$ LoD. Test results are summarized in the table below. All strains were detected at the levels tested.

# Inclusivity Results by Strain

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strep A Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5X LoDConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Detection(# Positive/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0X LoDConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Detection(# Positive/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 10403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 21548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.67% (2/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# The Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity)

Cross-reactivity was evaluated by testing 47 potentially cross-reacting organisms with the Accula Strep A Test. Each organism was diluted in a clinical matrix, both in the absence and in the presence of $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD Strep A, and tested in triplicate. The organisms, concentrations, and test results are shown in the tables below. All 47 organisms gave negative results when tested in the absence of 3x LoD Strep A. None of the 47 organisms interfered with the detection of Strep A when tested in the presence of $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD Strep A.

Testing of Potential Cross-Reactive Organisms in the Absence of Strep A   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismKey #</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Results (# ofStrep A Pos /3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacteriumhaemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter rectus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Influenza virus A****</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Influenza virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella longbeachae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CCU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parvimonas micra(Peptostreptococcus micros)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella oralis (Bacteroidesoralis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial virusType B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatussubsp. Pharyngis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiaesubsp. Equisimilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gallolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06s CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06sCFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06s CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema denticola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06s CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr></table>

Testing of Potential Cross-Reactive Organisms in the Presence of 3x LoD Strep A   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismKey #</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Results (# ofStrep A Pos /3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacteriumhaemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter rectus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06sCFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Influenza virus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Influenza virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactococcus lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella longbeachae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CCU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parvimonas micra(Peptostreptococcus micros)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella oralis (Bacteroidesoralis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial virusType B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus {2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+05TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+07CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+07 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+06s CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatussubsp. pharyngis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiaesubsp. equisimilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gallolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06 CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06sCFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumonia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema denticola</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+06CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Veillonella parvula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00E+07CFU/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

1 Escherichia coli was originally tested at $2 \mathrm { \times 1 0 ^ { 7 } C F U / m L }$ and gave 2/3 positive results in the presence of Strep A. No cross-reactivity was observed at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . 2 Rhinovirus was tested at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ TCID50/mL and gave the expected 3/3 in the presence of Strep A. However, the visually graded maximum line intensity of “ $_ { 3 } ,$ was not observed. No interference with line intensity was observed at a concentration of $5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ T $\mathrm { \dot { C } I D 5 0 / m L }$ .

# Interfering Substances

To assess substances with the potential to interfere with the performance of the Accula Strep A Test, samples with and without Strep A were tested in replicates of three (3) with each interfering substance at “worst case” concentrations, in addition to a “no interferent” control sample. Positive Strep A contrived samples were prepared by spiking the Strep A strain BAA-946 into a clinical throat swab matrix. The Negative sample was the clinical throat swab matrix alone. Any potential interferents that showed inhibition in the Accula Strep A Test were diluted and re-tested at a lower concentration. The table below summarizes the interferents tested, the highest concentration that showed no inhibition, the samples tested and the test results.

# Effect of Potentially Interfering Substances on Accula Strep A Test Performance

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potential Interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active Ingredient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FinalConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Agreementwith ExpectedResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Blood (Human) 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Chloroseptic Max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Phenol 1.5%,Glycerin 33%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cold&amp;Flu Relief CoughSyrup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acetaminophen21.7 mg/mL,Dextromethorphan0.67 mg/mL,Guaifenesin 13.3mg/mL,Phenylephrine 0.33mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Listerine Cool MintAntiseptic Mouth Wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Eucalyptol 0.092%,Menthol 0.042%,Methyl Salicylate0.060%, Thymol0.064%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cepacol (throat lozenge)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Benzocaine,Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.3% Benzocaine(w/v), 0.046%Menthol (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sucrets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DyclonineHydrochloride,Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0.06%DyclonineHydrochloride(w/v), 0.12%Menthol (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Crest Pro HealthFluoride Toothpaste</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Stannous Fluoride0.454% (0.14%W/V Fluoride Ion)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Halls Triple SoothingCough Drops*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Eucalyptus Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Advil Liqui-Gels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Miralax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PolyethyleneGlycol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">30.4% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tums Extra Strength 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calcium Carbonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Food Dye</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Whole Milk (Dairy) 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.50% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Orange Juice 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Penicillin G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Penicillin GSodium Salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cephalexin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cephalexin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">25 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mucin, Type II (fromporcine stomach)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Purified mucinprotein</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tobramycin(antibacterial)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">75 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">No interferent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strep A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

IC: Internal Control, for negative samples

\*Eucalyptus oil, an active ingredient in Halls cough drops, was used in place of Halls Triple Soothing

Cough Drops.

Human blood showed inhibition at $100 \%$ concentration for Strep A detection in the positive sample, but no inhibition at $50 \%$ concentration. Human blood showed inhibition at $100 \%$ , $50 \%$ and $2 5 \%$ concentrations for IC detection in the negative sample, but no inhibition at $1 2 . 5 \%$ concentration.   
2 Tums was initially tested with a solution of $1 . 5 \ : \mathrm { g / m L }$ (1 Tum dissolved into $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of Strep A Buffer). This inhibited all reactions. The Strep A Positive sample was inhibited when tested with an additional 8x and $3 2 \mathrm { x }$ dilution. No inhibition was observed at a concentration of $2 0 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ for the Strep A Positive sample. The Negative Strep A sample showed inhibition when tested with an additional 8x dilution. No inhibition was observed at a concentration of $3 0 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ for the Strep A Negative sample.   
Milk showed inhibition at $100 \%$ , $50 \%$ and $2 5 \%$ concentrations for Strep A detection in the positive sample, but no inhibition at $1 2 . 5 \%$ concentration. Milk showed inhibition at the $100 \%$ concentration for IC detection in the negative sample, but no inhibition at $50 \%$ concentration.   
4 Orange juice showed inhibition at $100 \%$ concentration for detection of Strep A in the positive sample, but no inhibition at $50 \%$ .

# CLIA Waiver Studies

# Comparison with a Reference Method:

The performance of the Accula Strep A Test was evaluated at nine Point of Care sites by nonlaboratory personnel in a prospective clinical study from May 2019 to January 2020 in the U.S. Throat swabs were collected from patients with symptoms of pharyngitis and were tested with the Accula Strep A Test, the Blood Agar Culture reference method, and an FDA-cleared molecular comparator method. All specimens generating discrepant results were evaluated using a second molecular comparative method.

The comparison with culture showed a sensitivity of $9 6 . 2 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ confidence interval: $9 1 . 4 \%$ - $9 8 . 4 \% $ and a specificity of $9 7 . 5 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 5 . 8 \% - 9 8 . 5 \%$ ). The comparison with the molecular comparator method showed Positive Percent Agreement of $9 3 . 8 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 8 . 7 \% 9 6 . 7 \%$ ) and Negative Percent Agreement of $9 9 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 8 . 9 \% 1 0 0 \% )$ . The study demonstrates that non-laboratory personnel in an intended use environment can obtain results with the Accula Strep A test equivalent to results for the comparator methods.

# Test Performance near the Assay Cutoff

Three CLIA-waived sites that participated in the prospective clinical study also participated in the Reproducibility Study. Two non-laboratory operators per site tested contrived throat swab samples at and above the assay cutoff, in addition to a negative sample, on five non-consecutive days. Results showed good agreement of observed test results with expected results. For the Low Positive sample (1x LoD), agreement was $9 8 . 9 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 4 . 0 \% 9 9 . 8 \%$ . For the Moderate Positive sample (2x LoD), agreement was $9 7 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 2 . 2 \% 9 9 . 4 \%$ ). For the Negative sample, agreement was $9 7 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 2 . 3 \% 9 9 . 4 \%$ ).

The study demonstrates that non-laboratory personnel in CLIA waived settings can achieve accurate results when testing samples at or near the assay cutoff.

# 8. Conclusion

The information presented in this Premarket Notification demonstrates that the performance of the Accula Strep A Test is substantially equivalent in intended use, technological characteristics, and performance to the predicate device, thereby supporting 510(k) clearance.