# November 20, 2020

BioFire Defense, LLC   
Cynthia Phillips   
VP of Regulatory, Quality, and Clinical Affairs   
79 West 4500 South, Suite 14   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84107

Re: K202382 Trade/Device Name: FilmArray Global Fever Panel External Control Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3920 Regulation Name: Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMN Dated: August 19, 2020 Received: August 20, 2020

Dear Cynthia Phillips:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kristian Roth, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Bacterial Respiratory and Medical Counter Measures Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name FilmArray Global Fever Panel External Control Kit

Indications for Use (Describe) The FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Global Fever Panel External Control Kit contains Positive and Negative External Controls intended for for the qualitative detection of FilmArray $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Global Fever Panel targets on FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2.0 systems. The Global Fever PanExte ontro i  sernens olely ihhilAyGobalFeve anThi product does not replace manufacturer internal controls provided as part of the Global Fever Panel device.

o o Control InjectiVilontais riynhAsetuerndstabilizerasse he reec siGoavTeioreactive with the Global Fever Panel assays.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Number:

Purpose for submission: New product

# Applicant Information:

BioFire Defense, LLC 79 West 4500 South, Suite 14 Salt Lake City, Utah 84107

Contact Person: Cynthia Phillips, VP of Regulatory, Quality, and Clinical Affairs   
Phone: 801-262-3592 extension 1370   
Fax: 801-447-6907   
Email Address: cynthia.phillips@biofiredefense.com

Preparation Date: August 19, 2020

# Device

Device Trade Name: Device Common Name: Device Type:

FilmArray® Global Fever Panel External Control Kit   
Quality Control Material for Microbiology Assays   
Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology   
assays   
Class II (Special Controls)   
21 CFR 866.3920   
Microbiology - 83   
PMN Class:   
Regulation:   
Panel:   
Product code:

# Predicate Device

FilmArray Warrior Control Panel M290 (K163522)

# Device Description

The FilmArray Global Fever Panel External Control Kit contains Positive and Negative External Controls. The Positive External Control has been optimized to be detected by all pathogen assays contained in the Global Fever Panel (Table 1). The Negative External Control contains no nucleic acid and a successful run will be negative for all assays on the panel. These controls are not intended to replace the internal FilmArray Global Fever Panel pouch controls (RNA process control and second stage PCR array control). The Global Fever Panel External Control Kit contains no biological hazards and is $100 \%$ non-infectious.

Table 1. Pathogens Detected by the FilmArray Global Fever Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen Assay Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leptospirosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leptospira spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malaria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasmodium spp.Plasmodium falciparumPlasmodium vivax/ovale</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protozoan</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chikungunya fever</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chikungunya virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viral</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dengue fever</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dengue virus</td></tr></table>

The External Controls are referenced in the Quick Guide and product literature as Control Injection Vials. The use of room-temperature stable External Controls contained within an injection vial simplifies the workflow and allows for use of the External Controls in settings where access to refrigeration may be limited. Each individually packaged, ready-to-use FilmArray Global Fever External Control is processed separately according to the Instructions for Use, and follows the procedure as outlined in the Quick Guide for the FilmArray Global Fever External Control Kit. Each External Control Injection Vial is intended for a single use.

The Global Fever Panel External Control Kit is designed to mitigate the risk of control contamination and misuse when evaluating clinical samples on the FilmArray 2.0 System.

Negative External Controls are tested using the Negative External Control protocol, which monitors for contamination from both external control material and target pathogens; it will fail if either is detected.   
• The Positive External Control contains DNA sequences that produce signature amplicon melting temperature (Tm) values distinct from the amplicon Tm values produced by each of the pathogens detected by the Global Fever Panel. By design, the Positive ECM will not be detected when using the Global Fever Panel Whole Blood Protocol, and reciprocally, amplified pathogen-specific nucleic acid will not be detected when using the Positive External Control Protocol. Through modification of the sequence between the inner primers for each ECM target, the Tm value of the amplicon is shifted to higher or

lower Tm values relative to the expected Global Fever Panel target amplicon while running the same Global Fever Panel pouches with the same physical pouch manipulation in the FilmArray 2.0 Instrument. Positive External Control-specific pouch module software detects the expected shifted Tm values as being from ECM amplicon, thereby evaluating the performance of the FilmArray 2.0 System. Also, the modification of the ECM sequence mitigates possible contamination events and does not cause false positives in clinical samples. In the unlikely event that Positive ECM or ECM amplicon is introduced into a patient sample, the resulting amplification Tm value(s) is not detected within the pathogen(s) Tm window in the Global Fever Panel Whole Blood Protocol, where different Tm windows are used to detect amplified pathogen sequence.

# Device Intended Use

The FilmArray® Global Fever Panel External Control Kit contains Positive and Negative External Controls intended for use as assayed quality controls to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of FilmArray® Global Fever Panel targets on FilmArray® 2.0 systems. The Global Fever Panel External Control Kit is designed for and intended to be used solely with the FilmArray Global Fever Panel. This product does not replace manufacturer internal controls provided as part of the Global Fever Panel device.

Both the Positive and Negative External Controls are provided in a FilmArray Control Injection Vial format. The Positive Control Injection Vial contains dried synthetic DNA segments in buffer and stabilizer to assess the presence of each individual assay on the FilmArray Global Fever Panel. The Negative Control Injection Vial contains no DNA, and is non-reactive with the Global Fever Panel assays.

# Substantial Equivalence

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:FilmArray Global Fever PanelExternal Control Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:FilmArray Warrior Control PanelM290 (K163522)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and Negative Exte rnala s sayed quality controls to monitormultiple targets in a n in vitro labnucl eic acid diagnostic test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technological Principles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nested multiplex RT-PCR followed bymelting analysis to confirm identity ofa mplified product.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Interpre tation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automa ted test interpretation andreport ge neration. User cannot accessraw data.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Process like patient sample.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tm-shifted Synthetic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synthetic DNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Control Material dried onControl Injection Vialfilter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ready-to-use liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rea gent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Re agents a re stored at roomte mpe rature (18° to 30°C).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents a re stored refrigerated(2°C to 8C).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pouch Module Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Control-specific protocolsproviding ove rall passed or failedresults.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sa mple specific protocolsproviding pathogen-specificresults.</td></tr></table>

# Summary Performance Data

# Clinical Testing

During the prospective clinical evaluation of the FilmArray Global Fever Panel, six sites were required to perform one valid Global Fever Panel External Control test at the start of each day of specimen testing or contamination monitoring. A valid External Control run was one that exactly matched the expected results for each analyte in the mix (i.e., Positive or Negative). Results are shown in Table 2.

Table 2. FilmArray Global Fever Panel External Control Performance as Compared to the Expected (‘Passed’) Result   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External ControlType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Completed with ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Completed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td></tr></table>

a Appeared that user accidentally swapped Positive and Negative External Control-loaded pouches on instrument loa d.

Between July 2019 and January 2020, a total of 317 External Control tests (160 positive and 157 negative) were completed and had internal pouch controls that passed. Two Positive External Controls (2/160; $1 . 3 \%$ ) and two Negative External Controls (2/157; $1 . 3 \% )$ had unexpected (Failed) results, for an overall External Control ‘Passed’ rate of $9 8 . 7 \%$ (313/317). Negative External Control testing identified one instance of pathogen contamination out of 157 tests, but no instances of External Control amplicon contamination. In all cases of a ‘Failed’ External Control test, the site immediately tested a new External Control and obtained the expected result.

# Repeatability / Multi-Site Reproducibility

Repeatability was evaluated by having one operator testing one kit lot of External Controls using one reagent kit lot on one FilmArray 2.0 Instrument over 14 days. Table 3 shows the results for the Repeatability evaluation.

Table 3. Summary of Global Fever Panel External Control Repeatability Test Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Global Fever PanelExternal Control Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed/Expected(Percent Agreement)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passed1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passed2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td></tr></table>

1 All Global Fever Panel assays have a positive amplicon melt in the External Control melt range. 2 All Global Fever Panel assays have no melt in both the External Control melt range and in the pathogen melt range.

All 45 Positive and 45 Negative External Controls passed with no failures and therefore no additional testing was performed. For Positive External Controls, all target assays had Tm standard deviations between $0 . 1 \mathrm { - } 0 . 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , with coefficient of variation (CV) between $0 . 1 { - } 0 . 3 \%$ . Combined with the pass rate, these results demonstrate repeatability for both the Negative and Positive External Controls.

The reproducibility of External Control test results was evaluated in a multi-site study using three External Control kits and three reagent pouch lots. Testing was performed at three sites, with two operators and three FilmArray 2.0 instruments at each site.

The percent agreement between the observed and expected test results for the Positive and Negative External Controls per test site and overall are shown in Table 4.

Table 4. Multi-Site Reproducibility Test Results of the Global Fever Panel Positive and Negative External Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Global FeverPanel ExternalControl Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Expected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Observed/Expected(Percent Agreement)[95% Confidence Interval]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passed1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/45(93.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132/135(97.8%)[93.7-99.2%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passed²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/45 3(97.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/454(97.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133/135(98.5%)[94.8-99.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement with ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>265/270(98.1%)[95.7-99.2%]</td></tr></table>

1 All Global Fever Panel assays have a positive amplicon melt in the External Control melt range. 2 All Global Fever Panel assays have no melt in both the External Control melt range and in the pathogen melt range. 3 Unexpected detection of pathogen amplicon for an off-panel assay, suspected laboratory contamination. 4 Unexpected detection of pathogen amplicon for DENV 2_1 assay, suspected laboratory contamination.

The expected ‘Passed’ results for Positive External Controls were observed in 132 out of 135 $( 9 7 . 8 \% )$ tests, meeting the required pass rate of $2 9 5 \%$ . Three Positive External Controls failed; one failed due a single assay being called negative, and the other two showed no amplification of

External Control Material for any of the Global Fever Panel assays. For Negative External Controls, 133 out of 135 $( 9 8 . 5 \% )$ tests passed. The two Negative External Control failures were caused by detection of pathogen and not due to contamination with Positive External Control material.