DiaSorin Inc.   
Carol Depouw   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist 1951 Northwestern Avenue   
Stillwater, Minnesota 55082

Re: K202574 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON Lyme IgG, LIAISON Lyme IgG Control Set, LIAISON Lyme Total Antibody Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3830 Regulation Name: Treponema Pallidum Treponemal Test Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LSR Dated: September 2, 2020 Received: September 4, 2020

Dear Carol Depouw:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Maria Ines Garcia, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K202574

Device Name LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG assay: LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi in human serum and plasma specimens (K2-EDTA, Li-heparin). This assay is intended for use on samples from patients with signs and symptoms consistent with or patients suspected of having Lyme disease to assess the presence of IgG antibodies and exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi. In addition, the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG assay may be used as a confirmatory test in the modified two-tier test (MTTT) in combination with the DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay.

If used as a first stage test, positive or equivocal results with the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG assay should be confirmed through additional testing with a Standard two-tier test (STTT) methodology using an IgG Borrelia burgdorferi Western blot test following current guidelines.

Positive supplemental results are supportive evidence of the presence of antibodies and exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi and may be used along with patient history, symptoms and other laboratory data to support a clinical diagnosis of Lyme disease.

Negative results by the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG assay should not be used to exclude Lyme disease.

The test must be performed on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL Analyzer.

The DiaSorin LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG assay. The performance characteristics of LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lyme IgG controls have not been established for any other assays or instrument platforms different from the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XL.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5.0 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

Carol A. DePouw   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 439-9710   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email carol.depouw@diasorin.com

September 01, 2020

DATE PREPARED: NAME OF DEVICE: Trade Name:

LIAISON® Lyme IgG LIAISON® Lyme IgG Control Set

Common Names/Descriptions:

Borrelia burgdorferi IgG assay and Borrelia burgdorferi IgG controls

Classification Names:

Treponema pallidum; treponemal test reagents Class II, 21 CFR: 866.3830; Microbiology

Product Code:

LSR and QCH

Predicate Device:

ZEUS ELISA B. burgdorferi IgG Test System (K895292)/modified (K191398)

# INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi in human serum and plasma specimens (K2-EDTA, Li-heparin). This assay is intended for use on samples from patients with signs and symptoms consistent with or patients suspected of having Lyme disease to assess the presence of IgG antibodies and exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi. In addition, the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay may be used as a confirmatory test in the modified two-tier test (MTTT) in combination with the DiaSorin LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay.

If used as a first stage test, positive or equivocal results with the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay should be confirmed through additional testing with a Standard two-tier test (STTT) methodology using an IgG Borrelia burgdorferi Western blot assay following current guidelines.

Positive supplemental results are supportive evidence of the presence of antibodies and exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi and may be used along with patient history, symptoms and other laboratory data to support a clinical diagnosis of Lyme disease.

Negative results by the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay should not be used to exclude Lyme disease.

The test must be performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

The LIAISON® Lyme IgG Control Set is intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the performance of the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay. The performance characteristics of LIAISON® Lyme IgG controls have not been established for any other assays or instrument platforms different from the LIAISON® XL.

Section 5

# KIT DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay is an indirect chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi in human serum and plasma samples. All assay steps (with the exception of magnetic particle resuspension) and incubations are performed by the Analyzer. The principal components of the test are magnetic particles (solid phase) coated with recombinant Borrelia antigens and a conjugate reagent containing an anti-human IgG mouse monoclonal antibody linked to an isoluminol derivative (isoluminol-antibody conjugate). During the first incubation, anti-Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies present in calibrators, samples or controls bind to the solid phase. Unbound material is then removed with a wash cycle. During the second incubation, the antibody conjugate reacts with anti-Borrelia burgdorferi IgG antibodies that have bound to the solid phase. Excess antibody conjugate is then removed with a wash cycle. Subsequently, the starter reagents are added and a flash chemiluminescence reaction is induced. The light signal, and hence the amount of isoluminol-antibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is indicative of the presence of Borrelia burgdorferi IgG antibodies present in calibrators, samples or controls.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE

Table 1: Table of Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceLIAISON® Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceZEUS ELISABorrelia burgdorferi IgG Test System K895292/K191398</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to Borreliaburgdorferiin human serum  and  plasmaspecimens. This assay is intended for use onsamples from patients with signs and symptomsconsistent with or patients suspected of havingLyme disease to assess the presence of IgGantibodies and exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi.In addition, the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay may beused as a confirmatory test in the modified two-tiertest (MTTT) in combination with the DiaSorinLIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay.If used as a first stage test, positive or equivocalresults with the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay shouldbe confirmed through additional testing with aStandard two-tier test (STTT) methodology usingJan IgM Borrelia burgdorferi Western blot testfollowing current guidelines.Positive supplemental results are supportivelevidence of the presence of antibodies andexposure to Borrelia burgdorferi and may be usedJalong with patient history, symptoms and otherlaboratory data to support a clinical diagnosis ofLyme disease.Negative results by the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assayshould not be used to exclude Lyme disease.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative detection of IgG class antibody toBorrelia burgdorferi in human serum.The assay is intended for testingserumsamples from symptomatic patients or thosesuspected of Lyme Disease.Positive and equivocal test results with theZEUS ELISA Borrelia burgdorferi IgG TestSystem for the presence of Borrelia burgdorferiantibodies must be confirmed through additionaltesting by one of the following approaches:(1) Standard two-tier test methodology (STTT)using IgG Western blot testing following currentguidelines; or -(2) Modified two-tier test methodology using theZUES ELISA Borrelia VIsE1/pepC10 IgG/IgMTest System.Positive test results by either the STTT or MTTTmethodology are supportive evidence for thepresence of antibodies and exposure to Borreliaburgdorferi, the cause of Lyme disease.A diagnosis of Lyme disease should be madebased on the presence of Borrelia burgdorferiantibodies history, symptoms and otherlaboratory data.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

DiaSorin LIAISON® Lyme IgG Premarket Notification

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceLIAISON® Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceZEUS ELISABorrelia burgdorferi IgM Test System -K895292/K191398</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG antibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patients with signs and symptomsconsistent with Borrelia infection(Lyme disease)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayPrinciple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses Borrelia antigens coated on a solid phaseto capture specific patient IgG antibodies.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses B. burgdorferi antigen on coatedsolid phase (wells) to bind withIgG antibodies in patient sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugateantibodyspecificities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Output</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Index</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Table of Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceLIAISON® Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceZEUS ELISABorrelia burgdorferi IgM Test System -K895292/K191398</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA (indirect chemiluminescentassay)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, serum separatortubes, K2-EDTA, lithium heparin plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reporter Molecule</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoluminol derivative conjugated toanti-human IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TMB (as a substrate for Horseradishperoxidase conjugated to anti-human IgG).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant antigens:VIsE (B. burgdorferi strain B31)Peptide for C6 region of VIsE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole cell antigen fromB. burgdorferi (B31 strain)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated(on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-point verification in triplicate)stored 10 point master curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Cut-off Calibrator assayed in triplicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Output Signal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flash chemiluminescent response isintegrated over a 3 second readingperiod to generate a relative light unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microtiter well O.D. (450 nm) is measuredafter the enzyme reaction is halted by1M H2SO4/0.7M HCI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photomultiplier(flash chemiluminescence reader)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spectrophotometer(EIA Microtiter plate reader)</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA: METHOD COMPARISON:

Two thousand six hundred twenty one (2621) human serum specimens were collected in 14 states which represented five (5) distinct U.S. geographical regions. Of the 2621 samples: $4 4 . 1 \%$ were male, $5 5 . 7 \%$ were female, $0 . 2 \%$ gender unknown, the ages ranged from 2 years to 103 years of age.

Testing with the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay on the LIAISON® XL was performed in three (3) laboratories (2 external and internally at DiaSorin).

Table 3: First Tier Percent Agreement with Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate Assay (ELISA IgG)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2345</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2621</td></tr></table>

Agreement Results   
Positive $\%$ Agreement\* 55.1% (166/301) $9 5 \%$ CI: 49.5% - 60.7% Negative $\%$ Agreement $9 6 . 5 \%$ (2210/2320) $9 5 \%$ CI: 94.3% - 96.1% \*Includes Positive and Equivocal combined

# Standard Two-Tier Testing Methodology:

Western blot testing was performed on the samples that were positive or equivocal by the test device and the predicate following the current guidelines for Standard Two-Tier testing methodology. The following results were obtained:

Table 4: Standard Two-Tier Western Blot   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tier 1 + or Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WB IgG +</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WB lgG -</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate assay + LIAISON® Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr></table>

Agreement Results:

2nd Tier PPA 89.0% (97/109) 95%CI: 81.7% - 93.6%   
2nd Tier NPA 99.5% (2500/2512) 95%CI: 99.2% - 99.7%

# Modified Two Tier Testing Methodology – Prospective Population

All 2621 prospective (all comer) specimens were tested with the first-tier assay, LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus. There were 202 positive and 23 equivocal results. In the STTT protocol, the specimens that are positive or equivocal $( n = 2 2 5 )$ are then tested with a B. burgdorferi (IgG) Western Blot.

Using the MTTT algorithm, the positive/equivocal specimens $( n = 2 2 5 )$ were tested on the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay. The second-tier LIAISON® Lyme IgG equivocal and positive results were considered positive. The equivocal and positive results were added together, and the results compared with the STTT positive results. The results obtained are shown in Table 5.

Table 5: MTTT LIAISON Lyme IgG compared to STTT WB IgG   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>WB-STTT (IgG)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>XL -MTTT (IgG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td></tr></table>

Agreement Results

PPA: 96.9% (93/96) $9 5 \%$ CI: 91.2% - 98.9% NPA: 30.2% (39/129) $9 5 \%$ CI: 23.0% - 38.6%

# Characterized Lyme Panel:

Two hundred eighty samples of various reactivity were acquired from the CDC and evaluated internally at the manufacture’s site. The results of the testing are presented here as a means of conveying further information on the performance of the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay with a characterized serum panel. This does not imply an endorsement of the assay by the CDC.

Table 6: Testing of CDC Lyme Reference Sera   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>CDC Reference Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleCategory</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LIAISON Lyme IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA95% Wilson Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eqv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA95% Wilson Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.4% (29/39)58.9% - 85.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.5% (24/39)(45.9% - 75.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Convalescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5% (29/31)79.3% - 98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6% (25/31)(63.7% - 90.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)83.9% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)(83.9% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Look-alikeDiseases</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% (81/90)82.1% - 94.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.6% (77/90)(76.8% - 91.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthycontrols</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0% (97/100)91.5% - 99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0% (98/100)(93.0% - 99.4%)</td></tr></table>

# Modified Two Tier Testing Methodology-Retrospective population

The 280 retrospective samples from the CDC were first tested with the LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus. One (1) sample, belonging to endemic negative control group, did not have sufficient volume for testing; therefore 279 retrospective samples were evaluated. The LIAISON® Lyme Total Antibody Plus assay yielded 82 positive and equivocal samples. The 82 positive and equivocal samples were then tested by the IgG Western Blot (STTT) or the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay (MTTT).

DiaSorin LIAISON® Lyme IgG Premarket Notification

The results of MTTT-IgG compared to WB-STTT (IgG) are in the following table.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stage I (n=60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stage Il (n=10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Stage Il (n=20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Healthy Controls(n=99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Disease Controls(n=90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STTT-WB IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTTT-XL IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STTT-WB IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTTT-XL IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STTT-WB IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTTT-XL IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STTT-WB IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTTT-XL IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STTT-WB IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTTT-XL IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity or PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity or NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td></tr></table>

# PRECISION STUDY

A 12 day precision/repeatability was conducted at DiaSorin Inc. on two (2) lots of the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay. Six (6) serum samples and two (2) lots of $\mathsf { L I A l S O N } ^ { \otimes }$ Lyme IgG Controls were tested for 12 days, 2 runs/day, and 2 reps per run by multiple technicians for a total of 48 replicates per lot spanning 2 calibration cycles. One (1) lot is presented below. The CLSI Document EP5-A3 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL(Within-lot)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control Lot V1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control Lot V1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control LotV2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control Lot V2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td></tr></table>

# REPRODUCIBILITY STUDY

A five (5) day precision/reproducibility study was performed internally at DiaSorin Inc. and at two (2) external U.S. laboratories with one (1) lot of the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay.

The study was performed for 5 days, 2 runs/day, and 3 replicates/run. Each day, two operators, at each testing site performed the testing for a total of 30 replicates at each site. The combined results from the 3 sites are provided. CLSI document EP15-A3 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.820</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LG-QC7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.542</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr></table>

# CROSS-REACTIVITY STUDY

The cross-reactivity study was designed to evaluate 222 specimens from twenty-two (22) disease states either known to contain potentially cross reactive antibodies to B. burgdorferi or from patients with diagnoses that can exhibit signs and symptoms similar to Lyme disease and cause false positive results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism/Disease State</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplesTested(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON® Lyme IgGPos or Eqv</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tick Borne Diseases*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Babesiosis IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Autoimmune Disorders</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Nuclear Antibodies (ANA)Multiple Sclerosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viral Diseases</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgGEpstein-Barr Virus (EBV) IgGEpstein-Barr Virus (EBV) EBNA IgGEpstein-Barr Virus (VCA) IgGHerpes Simplex Virus (HSV) IgGHuman Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)Influenza VirusParvovirus IgGVaricella Zoster Virus (VZV) IgG</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10101010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1000000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010101010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacterial Diseases</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYllowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H. pyloriSyphilisLeptospirosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatic Diseases</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FibromyalgiaRheumatoid ArthritisRheumatoid FactorSystemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE)Sjogrens Syndrome</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010101010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional Markers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chronic Fatigue SyndromeHuman Anti-mouse Antibodies (HAMA)E. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

“Controlled studies of potentially interfering substances from endogenous interferents spiked into serum specimens containing B. burgdorferi IgG antibodies at levels near the cut-off showed that assay performance was not affected at the concentration for each substance listed below. The testing was based on CLSI-EP7-A3.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentrations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3600 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# MATRIX EQUIVALENCE STUDY:

Thirty-two (32) matched patient sets of serum, SST serum, $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA plasma and lithium heparin plasma samples were tested to determine if these sample types provide equivalent results. Sample regression analysis was done by Passing & Bablok regression. All sample types met acceptance criteria for use in the LIAISON® Lyme IgG assay. A summary of the results are shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparison to Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Serum SST</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04 to 0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 to 1.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EDTA Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01 to 0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93 to 1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04 to 0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91 to 1.03</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision. The labelling satisfies the requirements of 21CFR 809.10.