Gold Standard Diagnostics   
Jennifer Roth   
Vice President, Product Development 2851 Spafford St.   
Davis, California 95618

Re: K203296 Trade/Device Name: Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3830 Regulation Name: Treponema Pallidum Treponemal Test Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LSR Dated: November 4, 2020 Received: November 9, 2020

Dear Jennifer Roth:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Maria Ines Garcia, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

T olu o IGantibodi Bburgorfsnsustrichuman serumromsymptomaic patient r peolesuspe Whe s e  g posvn u ul us  p additional testing by one of the following methods:

Snrdtwo-terest ethodolog TTTsn IG blot est followi urre intrpretati uidelines OR Mtwo- ehol TTusih Gold Standar Do Borreuror sE-OsC IgG/ IgM ELISA Test.

The assay can also be use as a second-ir confirmation test usin the MTTT methodology whe used with the Gol Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISA Test as the first-tier screening test.

u Beyu as presence of Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies, history, symptoms, and other laboratory findings.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1) Submitter’s Name: Gold Standard Diagnostics Address: 620 Cantrill Drive Davis, CA. 95618 Phone Number: 530-759-8000 Contact Person: Jennifer Roth Date: November 3, 2020

2) Product and Trade Name:

Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit

Common Name: Lyme ELISA Test

Regulation Section: (21 CFR 866.3830) Treponema pallidum treponemal test reagents.

Classification: Class II

# Product Code:

LSR; Reagent, Borrelia Serological Reagent

Note: This clearance is for a modified use (Modified Two-tier Testing or MTTT use) for the previously cleared IVD test, the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit (K200025). The information and study data for the modified use is presented under the heading of “MTTT Comparison” below. With the exception of the intended use, all other information and data remain the same.

3) Legally Marketed Device to Which the Submitter Claims Equivalence:

a. STTT - Trinity Biotech MarDx Borrelia burgdorferi EIA IgG Test Kit (K894224). b. MTTT - Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG Blot Test Kit (K113847

4) Description of the Device:

The kit includes $1 2 \times 8$ well Antigen Coated strips, Conjugate, Substrate, Stop Solution, Wash Buffer, Diluent, Negative Control, Positive Control, and Cutoff Control. The controls are provided to determine if the assay is functioning properly and to determine the antibody level. The reagents are sufficient for 96 determinations.

During the test procedure, antibodies to $B .$ . burgdorferi (sensu stricto) if present in the human serum sample will bind to the antigens coated onto the wells forming antigen-antibody complexes. Excess antibodies are removed by washing. A conjugate of goat anti-human IgG antibodies conjugated with horseradish peroxidase is then added, which binds to the antigenantibody complexes. Excess conjugate is removed by washing. This is followed by the addition of a chromogenic substrate, tetramethylbenzidine (TMB). If specific antibodies to the antigen are present in the patients’ serum, a blue color will develop. The enzymatic reaction is then stopped with a stopping solution causing the contents of the well to turn yellow. The wells are read photometrically with a microplate reader at $4 5 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The antigens used in the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test kit is a combination of B. burgdorferi sensu stricto strain B31 lysate, B. burgdorferi sensu stricto strain 2591 lysate, and a recombinant VlsE from $B$ . burgdorferi sensu stricto strain B31. The lysates use spirochetes growing in BSK-H complete medium until mid-exponential phase. The recombinant VlsE protein is produced in $E .$ . coli SURE2 cells and purified by affinity chromatography. The purity of each antigen is assayed by SDS-PAGE followed by Coomassie staining and/or Western blotting.

# 5) Intended Use of the Device:

The Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit is intended as a qualitative test for the detection of IgG antibodies to $B .$ . burgdorferi sensu stricto in human serum from symptomatic patients or people suspected of infection. When used as the first-tier screening test, positive and equivocal results must be supplemented through additional testing by one of the following methods:

Standard two-tier test methodology (STTT) using an IgG blot test following current interpretation guidelines, OR   
Modified two-tier test methodology (MTTT) using the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISA Test.

The assay can also be used as a second-tier confirmation test using the MTTT methodology when used with the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISA Test as the first-tier screening test.

Positive test results by either the STTT or MTTT methodology are supportive evidence for the presence of antibodies and exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi, the cause of Lyme disease. A diagnosis of Lyme disease should be made based on the presence of Borrelia burgdorferi antibodies, history, symptoms, and other laboratory findings.

# 6) Comparison with the Predicate Device:

The tables below provide a comparison of the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test kit with the Trinity Biotech MarDx Borrelia burgdorferi EIA IgG Test kit (predicate device: K894224).

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferiIgG ELISA Test Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Trinity BiotechMarDx Borrelia burgdorferi EIA IgGTest Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Gold Standard DiagnosticsBorrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trinity Biotech MarDx Borreliaburgdorferi EIA IgG Test System is a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test kit is intended as a qualitativepresumptive (first step) test for thedetection of IgG antibodies to B.burgdorferi sensu stricto in humanserum from symptomatic patientsor people suspected of infection.Positive and equivocal resultsmust be supplemented by testingwith a second-step Western blotassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">qualitative test intended for use in thepresumptive detection of human IgGantibodies to Borrelia burgdorferi inhuman serum. This EIA system shouldbe used to test serum from patients witha history and symptoms of infection withB. burdorferi. All positive and equivocalspecimens should be retested with ahighly specific, second-tier test such asWestern blot. Positive second-tierresults are supportive evidence ofinfection with B. burdorferi. Thediagnosis of Lyme disease should bemade based on history and symptoms(such as erythema migrans), and otherlaboratory data, in addition to thepresence of antibodies to B. burdorferi.Negative results (either first or second-tier) should not be used to exclude Lymedisease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen coated microtiter plate —96 wells.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELISA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilute Samples 1:100 in Diluent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls Provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive, Cutoff, Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents Provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent, Wash, Conjugate,Substrate, Stop Solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reported Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive, Equivocal, Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical density readings fromSpectrophotometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferiIgG ELISA Test Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Trinity BiotechMarDx Borrelia burgdorferi EIAIgG Test Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volumes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100ul sample, 50ul substrate, 50ulstop solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100ul sample, 100ul substrate,100ul stop solution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15/15/15 minutes at roomtemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30/10 minutes at roomtemperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. burgdorferi B31 strain,B. burgdorferi 2591 strain,B. burgdorferi recombinant VlsEB31 strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. burgdorferi B31 strain</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results Interpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Convert to units.Negative &lt;9Equivocal 9.0-11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Convert to units.Negative &lt;0.80Equivocal 0.80-1.19</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Positive &gt;11.0</td><td>Positive &gt;1.2</td></tr></table>

# 6(b1): Nonclinical Studies:

# Determination of the Assay Cutoff

The cutoff was determined by testing a total of 210 normal sera which consisted of 105 sera from an endemic region of Lyme disease and 105 sera from a non-endemic region of Lyme disease. The mean plus two standard deviations was used to determine the assay cutoff. A known positive sample was then diluted to produce a ready to use cutoff control. An additional 194 samples consisting of 114 samples from different phases of Lyme disease, 8 negative healthy samples, 72 negative Lyme disease samples but do have other diseases that may cause serologic cross-reactivity, were tested. A receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis was performed to evaluate the performance of the assay and confirm that the chosen cutoff provided the best compromise between sensitivity and specificity.

# Precision

To determine the precision of the Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test, a within-lab precision study was conducted. A precision panel consisting of a negative sample, a high negative sample, a low positive sample, and a moderate positive sample, along with the kit controls, was tested in-house. The sample panel was masked and randomized. Each of the panel members was tested in duplicate, twice per day, for 12 days. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanUnits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>20.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.439</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.845</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.816</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.857</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>17.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.947</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.649</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.739</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.932</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CutoffControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.285</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.264</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.051</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7%</td></tr></table>

A reproducibility panel consisting of a negative sample, a high negative sample, a low positive sample, and a moderate positive sample, along with the kit controls, was tested at three different sites. The sample panel was masked and randomized. Each of the panel members was tested in triplicate, twice per day, for five days. The Within-Run, Between-Run, BetweenDays, and Between-Sites Standard Deviation and Coefficients of Variation (CV) were calculated. The sample panel was masked and randomized. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanUnits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ModeratePositive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LowPositive</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>13.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HighNegative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CutoffControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

The analytical specificity was determined by testing 208 asymptomatic individuals’ samples from endemic and non-endemic regions. The Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NumberPositive/Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endemic Region</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-endemic Region</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity

A study using 377 samples was conducted to evaluate potential cross reactivity from different disease conditions. The samples were obtained from serum vendors who confirmed their positivity for each respective marker. The samples were tested on the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Infection / Diagnosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofSera Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># Positive /(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tick-borne RelapsingFever IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponemal Infections (TPPA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rickettsiosis IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 / (24%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ehrlichiosis IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 / (20%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Babesiosis IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H. pylori IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parvovirus B19 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A&amp;B IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 / (3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella Zoster Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 / (6%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fibromyalgia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid Arthritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Autoimmune Disease</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple Sclerosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Severe Periodontitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 / (0%)</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

The effect of potential interfering substances on samples using the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test was evaluated. Three samples, a high negative, an equivocal and a low positive were spiked with high levels of interferants and were tested along with serum without spiked interferants. The recommended concentrations from the guideline “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry” EP07-A3 from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute were used (see table below). The tested substances did not affect the performance of the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonedetected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None detected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None detected</td></tr></table>

# 6(b2): Clinical Studies:

# Comparison with Predicate Device

Comparison studies were conducted at three sites (one internal and two external reference laboratories) using prospective samples submitted for Lyme serology testing. Five hundred twenty three (523) serum samples were tested on both the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test and on the predicate B. burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate IgG ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gold Standard DiagnosticsBorrelia burgdorferi IgGELISA Test Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>460</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>466</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td></tr></table>

\*Equivocal samples counted as positive

Positive percent agreement $= 9 0 . 2 \%$ (55/61) $9 5 \%$ CI $( 7 9 . 8 \% - 9 6 . 3 \% )$ Negative percent agreement $= 9 9 . 6 \%$ (460/462) $9 5 \%$ CI (98.5% - 99.9%)

# Second-Tier Testing

All positive and equivocal samples by the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test and by the Predicate IgG ELISA were tested by a FDA cleared IgG blot assay. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tier 1 Positiveor Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG BlotPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG BlotNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate IgGELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gold StandardDiagnostics Borreliaburgdorferi IgGELISA Test Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate IgGELISA+Gold StandardDiagnostics Borreliaburgdorferi IgGELISA Test Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Percent Agreement with Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>2nd Tier PPA (95% CI)</td><td>100.0% (92.2% - 100.0%)</td><td>37/37</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Sensitivity

# Sensitivity Study

A sensitivity study was performed on 114 clinically characterized samples. The samples encompass early, disseminated, and late stages of Lyme disease. The samples were tested on both the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test and on the predicate B. burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td>Disease Stage</td><td>n</td><td>Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit</td><td>Predicate IgG ELISA</td></tr><tr><td>Early</td><td>58</td><td>46.6% (27/58)</td><td>27.6% (16/58)</td></tr><tr><td>Disseminated</td><td>17</td><td>82.4% (14/17)</td><td>52.9% (9/17)</td></tr><tr><td>Late</td><td>39</td><td>97.4% (38/39)</td><td>97.4% (38/39)</td></tr></table>

# CDC Panel

A panel of 280 positive and negative specimens from the Center of Disease Control (CDC) for Lyme disease detection was tested on both the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test and on the predicate device. The results are presented as a means to convey further information on the performance of the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test with a masked characterized serum panel. This does not imply an endorsement of the assay by the CDC. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Disease Stage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gold Standard DiagnosticsBorrelia burgdorferi IgGELISA Test Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PredicateIgG ELISA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveorEquivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ClinicalDiagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveorEquivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ClinicalDiagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Early Lyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cardiac Lyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neurological Lyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Look-alikeDisease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values

The range of values and positivity rate among different studies and population for the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test are as follows:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"># Samples</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Unit Results</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Qualitative Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Std.Dev.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#Positive/Equivocal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Positive/Equivocal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NormalEndemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 - 14.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.452</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NormalNon-Endemic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 - 9.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveStudy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">523</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 - 22.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.409</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SensitivityStudy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9 - 40.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.1 %</td></tr></table>

Note: It is recommended that each laboratory determine its own normal range based on the population.

# 7) Conclusion:

From the comparison data, we conclude that the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test is substantially equivalent to the Trinity Biotech MarDx Borrelia burgdorferi EIA IgG Test kit (predicate device: K894224).

# MTTT Comparison:

# Comparison with the Predicate Device - MTTT:

The Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit, when used as the firststep or second-step test in combination with the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISA Test Kit in the Modified Two-tier Testing (MTTT) method, was compared to the Standard Two-tier testing (STTT) method using the predicates Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA (k200025) Test Kit as the first-step test followed by testing all the positive and equivocal results on the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG Blot Test (k113847). Below are tables comparing the two devices.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device: Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgGELISA Test Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferiIgG Blot (k113847)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Gold Standard Diagnostics Borreliaburgdorferi IgG ELISA Test Kit isintended as a qualitative test for thedetection of IgG antibodies to B.burgdorferi sensu stricto in human serumfrom symptomatic patients or peoplesuspected of infection. When used as thefirst-tier screening test, positive andequivocal results must be supplementedthrough additional testing by one of thefollowing methods:-Standard two-tier test methodology(STTT) using an IgG blot test followingcurrent interpretation guidelines, OR-Modified two-tier test methodology(MTTT) using the Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISA Test.The assay can also be used as a second-tier confirmation test using the MTTT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Gold Standard DiagnosticsBorrelia burgdorferi B31 IgG LineBlot Test Kit is intended for thequalitative detection of IgG antibodiesto B. burgdorferi sensu stricto (B31)in human serum. This test is intendedfor use in testing human serumsamples which have been foundpositive or equivocal using an ELISAor IFA test procedure to providesupportive evidence of infection withB. burgdorferi.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">methodology when used with the GoldStandard Diagnostics Borreliaburgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISATest as the first-tier screening test.Positive test results by either the STTTor MTTT methodology are supportiveevidence for the presence of antibodiesand exposure to Borrelia burgdorferi, thecause of Lyme disease. A diagnosis ofLyme disease should be made based onthe presence of Borrelia burgdorferiantibodies, history, symptoms, and otherlaboratory findings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. burgdorferi B31 strain,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls Provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive, Cutoff, Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilute Samples 1:100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device: Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgGELISA Test Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Gold StandardDiagnostics Borrelia burgdorferiIgG Blot (k113847)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antigen coated microtiter plate  96wells.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrocellulose Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents Provided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluent, Wash, Conjugate, Substrate,Stop Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluent/Wash, Conjugate, Substrate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ul sample, 50ul substrate, 50ul stopsolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ul sample, 1500ul substrate,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/15/15 minutes at room temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30/10-13 minutes at roomtemperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optical density readings fromSpectrophotometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Convert to units.Negative &lt;9Equivocal 9.0-11.0Positive &gt;11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compare to cutoff band</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reported Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive, Equivocal, Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive, Negative</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison MTTT – IgG

The following studies were conducted to determine the performance of the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test as a first-tier or second-tier assay in the modified two-tier testing (MTTT) methodology.

Gold Standard Diagnostics MTTT-IgG ELISA Method Comparison: The Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test was utilized in a MTTT (2-ELISA) protocol with the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC IgG/IgM ELISA Test. The MTTT (2-ELISA) results were compared to the standard two-tier testing (STTT) using the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA followed by testing all positive and equivocal results on the predicate Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG blot test.

# Prospective Study

Comparison studies were conducted at three sites (one internal and two external reference laboratories) using prospective samples submitted for Lyme serology testing. Four hundred eighty-one (481) serum samples were tested on the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test. A total of 38 positive and equivocal samples were obtained.

In the STTT protocol the samples that were positive or equivocal $\mathrm { ( n { = } } 3 8 \mathrm { ) }$ ) were tested with the predicate B. burgdorferi IgG blot test. In the MTTT protocol the samples $\mathrm { ( n { = } } 3 8$ ) were tested on a second ELISA, the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi VlsE-OspC $\mathrm { I g G / I g M }$ ELISA Test. In the second-tier ELISA test, positive and equivocal results were considered positive.

The results of the second-tier test of the STTT when compared to the second-tier test of the MTTT, including only the samples that were positive in the first tier, are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate IgG Immunoblot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gold Standard DiagnosticsBorrelia burgdorferi IgGELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr></table>

Positive percent agreement $= 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ 95% CI $( 8 5 . 2 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ Negative percent agreement $= 0 . 0 \%$ 95% CI $( 0 . 0 \% - 2 1 . 8 \% )$

The results of the MTTT when compared to the STTT, including all samples that were part of the prospective study $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n = 4 8 1 }$ ), are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate STTT- IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gold Standard DiagnosticsMTTT- IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>443</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481</td></tr></table>

Positive percent agreement $= 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ 95% CI $( 8 5 . 2 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ Negative percent agreement $= 9 6 . 7 \%$ 95% CI (94.7% - 98.2%)

# Sensitivity Study

A sensitivity study was performed on 125 clinically characterized samples. The samples encompass early, disseminated, and late stages of Lyme disease. The samples were tested on both the Gold Standard Diagnostics MTTT- $\mathrm { \cdot I g G }$ and on the predicate STTT- $\mathrm { \cdot I g G }$ . The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DiseaseStage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gold Standard DiagnosticsMTTT - IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PredicateSTTT - IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveorEquivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ClinicalDiagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveorEquivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ClinicalDiagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Early</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disseminated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1%</td></tr></table>

# CDC Reference Panel

A panel of 280 positive and negative specimens from the Centers of Disease Control (CDC) for Lyme disease detection was tested on both the Gold Standard Diagnostics MTTT-IgG and on the predicate STTT- $\mathrm { \cdot I g G }$ . The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Disease Stage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gold Standard DiagnosticsMTTT-IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate STTT- IgG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveorEquivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ClinicalDiagnosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveorEquivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementwith ClinicalDiagnosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Healthy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Early Lyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cardiac Lyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neurological Lyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Late</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Look-alike Disease*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

\*infectious mononucleosis, fibromyalgia, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, syphilis and severe periodontitis

# 8) Conclusion:

From the comparison data, we conclude that the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG ELISA Test is substantially equivalent to the Gold Standard Diagnostics Borrelia burgdorferi IgG Blot Test Kit (K113847) when used for the Modified Two-tier Testing (MTTT) Lyme testing.