Immucor, Inc.   
Steven Appel   
Senior Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist 3130 Gateway Drive   
Norcross, Georgia 30071

Re: K203612 Trade/Device Name: Capture-CMV Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3175 Regulation Name: Cytomegalovirus serological reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LJO Dated: September 16, 2020 Received: December 10, 2020

Dear Steven Appel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Maria Garcia, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiological Devices   
Office of Health Technologies 7   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k203612

Device Name Capture-CMV®

Indications for Use (Describe)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# Date Prepared

March 16, 2021

# 510(k) Owner

Immucor, Inc.   
3130 Gateway Drive   
Norcross, Georgia 30071   
Establishment Registration Number: 1034569

# Contact Information

Name of Contact: Phone Number: Fax Number:

Steven Appel 770-440-2051 770-242-8930

# Device Name

Trade/Device Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Unique Device Identifier (UDI):

Capture-CMV®   
CMV Antibody Screen   
Cytomegalovirus serological reagents   
10888234002154

# Device Class

Regulatory Class:   
Product Code:   
Regulation Number:   
Regulation Medical Specialty:   
Review Panel:   
II   
LJO   
21 C.F.R. §866.3175   
Microbiology   
Microbiology

# Predicate Device Information

Trade/Device Name: Clearance:

Capture-CMV® K183571 (cleared February 4, 2019)

# Purpose of the Submission

To demonstrate performance of the Capture-CMV® assay on the upgraded Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ (Software version 3.0.1) instrument. This is an upgrade of the Galileo NEO® (BK100033) to match the NEO Iris® instrument that was cleared via BK183571. With these changes the Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ and NEO Iris® instruments are functionally identical; the only differences are model name, the exterior colors of the instruments, and whether the software indicates the device name as NEO Iris® or Galileo NEO®. Thus, no new studies were performed to evaluate the performance of Capture-CMV®. Instead, previous data supporting the original clearance of the Capture-CMV® assay on the NEO Iris® is presented.

# Device Description

Capture-CMV® is a Solid Phase Red Cell Adherence System for the detection of IgG and IgM antibodies to Cytomegalovirus (CMV).

Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is a common human viral pathogen which belongs to the family of herpes viruses. The presence of CMV antibodies in an individual indicates prior infection by the virus. The possibility exists that viral reactivation can occur in such individuals. CMV infection is usually asymptomatic and can persist as a latent or chronic infection.

Viral transmission may occur through transfusion of blood or transplantation of organs from seropositive donors.

Immunocompromised patients, such as premature neonates, organ transplant patients, and oncology patients, are at greater risk of developing more severe manifestations of CMV infections which can be a major direct or indirect cause of mortality in such patients.

Congenitally infected newborns are especially prone to developing severe cytomegalic inclusion disease (CID). The severe form of CID may be fatal or may cause permanent neurological sequelae, such as mental retardation, deafness, microcephaly, and motor dysfunction. A CMV mononucleosis-type syndrome can result from the transfusion of CMV-infected blood products or the transplantation of CMV-infected donor organs in a seronegative immunocompromised patient. Low birth weight neonates are also at high risk to CMV mononucleosis through transfusion of CMV-infected blood products.

One method of preventing or reducing CMV infection in seronegative immunocompromised patients is to select CMV seronegative blood donors or organ donors that have been tested by serological screening test for antibodies to CMV. Capture-CMV is a solid phase red cell adherence antibody detection system based on procedures of Plapp et al. This procedure is a modification of the mixed agglutination tests for antigen and antibody detection of Coombs et al. and Hogman employing antiIgG and IgG-coated red cells as the indicator system. Capture assays for the detection of antibodies to red cells or platelets use anti-IgG-coated red cells as the indicator. Capture-CMV uses anti-IgG plus anti-IgM-coated indicator red cells.

The CMV assay is to be used with NEO Iris® and the Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ instruments. The NEO Iris®/Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ is a microprocessor-controlled instrument that fully automates test processing, result interpretation and data management functions for the associated assays. The instrument is designed to automate, in addition to the CMV assay, standard immunohematology assays using a microplate-based platform.

The originally cleared Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ (BK100033) was updated with the following modifications in the current submission:

The Digi CCD camera module was replaced with an IDS CMOS camera module Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ software was replaced with NEO Iris® Install Set 3.0.1.0 U software and configuration files Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ versions of the files OiBxEngl.dll and GalileoLogo.bmp were installed to preserve Galileo NEO® branding in the User Interface and on Reports

For detailed technological characteristics of the upgraded Galileo NEO® and the NEO Iris® instrument refer to the following clearance documents: BK100033, BK170067, K183571 and BK200542.

# Intended Use

Capture-CMV® is an in vitro qualitative solid phase red cell adherence test system for the detection of antibodies (IgG plus IgM) to cytomegalovirus (CMV) in human serum or plasma. Capture-CMV® is intended to be used in screening of patients for serological evidence of previous infection by CMV using manual and semi-automated methods, NEO Iris® and Galileo NEO®.

# Substantial Equivalence and Comparison to the Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICE: K183571(Capture-CMV cleared for use on NEO Iris onFebruary 4, 2019)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PROPOSED DEVICE: Capture-CMV(for use on Galileo NEO with softw are v ersion 3.0.1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture-CMV® is an in vitro qualitative solid phasered cell adherence test sy stem for the detection ofantibodies (IgG plus IgM) to cy tomegalovirus (CMV)in human serum or plasma. Capture-CMV isintended to be used in screening of blood andplasma donors or patients for serological ev idence ofprev ious infection by CMV.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture-CMV® is an in vitro qualitativ e solid phasered cell adherence test sy stem for the detection ofantibodies (IgG plus IgM) to cy tomegalov irus (CMV)in human serum or plasma. Capture-CMV® isintended to be used in screening of patients forserological ev idence of prev ious infection by CMVusing manual and semi-automated methods, NEOIris® and Galileo NEO®.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma samples are added to the viral-coated w ells. The samples are incubated for fiv eminutes; during w hich antibodies specific for CMVproteins bind to immobilized v iral proteins. Unboundimmunoglobulins are w ashed from the w ells andreplaced w ith a suspension of anti-lgG- plus anti-IgM-coated indicator red cells. Centrifugation bringsthe indicator red cells in contact w ith antibodiesbound to the immobilized v iral proteins. In the caseof a positiv e test, the migration of the indicator redcells to the bottom of the w ell is impeded as the anti-IgG and anti- IgM bridges are formed betw een theindicator red cells and the v iral-bound antibodies. Asa consequence, the indicator red cells adhere ov erthe surface of the microtitration w ell. In contrast, inthe absence of viral antigen-antibody interactions(i.e., a negative test) the indicator red cells are notimpeded during their migration, and pellet to thebottom of the w ell as a packed, w ell-defined cellbutton.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma samples are added to the viral-coated w ells. The samples are incubated for fiv eminutes; during which antibodies specific for CMVproteins bind to immobilized v iral proteins. Unboundimmunoglobulins are w ashed from the w ells andreplaced w ith a suspension of anti-lgG- plus anti-IgM-coated indicator red cells. Centrifugation bringsthe indicator red cells in contact w ith antibodiesbound to the immobilized v iral proteins. In the caseof a positiv e test, the migration of the indicator redcells to the bottom of the w ell is impeded as the anti-IgG and anti-IlgM bridges are formed betw een theindicator red cells and the v iral-bound antibodies. Asa consequence, the indicator red cells adhere ov erthe surface of the microtitration w ell. In contrast, inthe absence of viral antigen-antibody interactions(i.e., a negativ e test) the indicator red cells are notimpeded during their migration, and pellet to thebottom of the w ell as a packed, w ell-defined cellbutton.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Wells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMV antigen from cy tomegalov irus strain AS 169grow n in human foreskin fibroblast cells isinactiv ated and coated onto microtitration w ells anddried.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CMV antigen from cy tomegalov irus strain AS 169grow n in human foreskin fibroblast cells is inactiv atedand coated onto microtitration w ells and dried.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture-CMVPositive ControlSerum (Weak)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum containing IgG antibodies to CMVviral proteins. Capture-CMV Positiv e ControlSerum (w eak) is manufactured to represent thereactiv ity obtained by w eak CMV antibodypositiv e donors. Weak CMV antibody positiv edonors hav e a ïitration endpoint of 1:2 or less.Sodium azide (0.1%) has been added as apreservativ e.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum containing IgG antibodies to CMV v iralproteins. Capture-CMV Positive Control Serum(w eak) is manufactured to represent the reactiv ityobtained by w eak CMV antibody positiv e donors.Weak CMV antibody positiv e donors have a titrationendpoint of 1:2 or less. Sodium azide (0.1%) hasbeen added as a preserv ativ e.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture-CMVNegative ControlSerum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum containing no antibodies to CMV.Sodium azide (0.1%) has been added as apreservativ e.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum containing no antibodies to CMV.Sodium azide (0.1%) has been added as apreservativ e.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture-CMVIndicator RedCells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A suspension of human red blood cells coatedwith rabbit anti-human IgG plus goat anti-humanIgM molecules. The red blood cells aresuspended in a buffered solution to w hichchloramphenicol (0.25 mg/mL), neomy cin sulfate(0.1 mg/mL) and gentamy cin sulfate (0.05mg/mL) have been added as preserv ativ es.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A suspension of human red blood cells coated w ithrabbit anti-human IgG plus goat anti-human IgMmolecules. The red blood cells are suspended in abuffered solution to w hich chloramphenicol (0.25mg/mL), neomy cin sulfate (0.1 mg/mL) andgentamy cin sulfate (0.05 mg/mL) have been addedas preserv ativ es.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture-LISS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A low ionic strength solution containing gly cine,bromocresol purple dy e and the preserv ativesodium azide (0.1%).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A low ionic strength solution containing gly cine,bromocresol purple dy e and the preserv ativ e sodiumazide (0.1%).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test w ells - 6 monthsControls - 15 monthsCapture-LISS - 12 monthsIndicator Red Cells - 60 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test w ells - 6 monthsControls - 15 monthsCapture-LISS - 12 monthsIndicator Red Cells - 60 day s</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen/Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual/Semi-Automated (BK950029)Galileo (BK050050)Galileo NEO® (BK1000331 / BK1700672)NEO Iris®© (K1835713)Capture-CMV® cleared for use on the GalileoNEO®.2)Capture-CMV® cleared for use on the GalileoNEO® (Special 510(k) submission filed to updateanaly zer modifications only ).3) Capture-CMV® cleared for use on NEO Iris®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual/Semi-AutomatedGalileoGalileo NEONEO Iris®Galileo NEO® w ith softw are v ersion 3.0.1</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data and Testing – Non-Clinical

As noted in the Device Description section above, this submission describes an upgrade of the Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ instrument, making it functionally identical to the NEO Iris®. As such, no new studies were performed. Instead, previous data supporting the original clearance of the Capture-CMV® assay on the NEO Iris® (K183571) are presented to demonstrate performance of the upgraded Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ system.

The verification of the Capture-CMV® assay was executed under the verification plan for the NEO Iris®, in order to demonstrate equivalency with the Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ with software version 3.0.1.

The system verification activities for NEO Iris® were performed as defined in Verification Plan 14-012-VRPLN at Immucor’s facility in Norcross, GA. The verification activities included all testing performed related to the CMV assay as appropriate including assay performance for establishing equivalency. All documents generated to support the development, and operations of the system adhere to standard procedures. Testing was executed properly, in accordance with the execution and test procedure instructions. Additional and detailed information about the system verification can be found under the NEO Iris premarket notification BK180243. The results of the verification have been found acceptable to confirm safety and performance.

# Performance Data and Testing – Clinical

No new clinical studies were performed as the NEO Iris® and the upgraded Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ (software version 3.0.1) instruments are functionally identical. The data in the following tables were submitted for clearance of the NEO Iris® in K183571 and are included in the current submission to support clearance of the Capture-CMV® assay when used with the upgraded Galileo NEO® (software version 3.0.1). In these studies, the performance of the Capture-CMV® on NEO Iris® was compared with the performance of the assay on the original Galileo NEO® instrument (cleared in BK100033). For more information refer to K183571: Capture-CMV® (K183571 Letter and K183571 Summary).

In K183571 method comparison studies were performed at four clinical sites, three external sites and internally at Immucor, Inc. for donor specimens and at two external sites and internally at Immucor, Inc. for patient specimens. Specimens were tested on NEO Iris® and Galileo ${ \mathsf { N E O } } ^ { \otimes }$ . Test results were evaluated for agreement between analyzers. Specimens with discordant results were further tested with a commercially available particle agglutination assay for total antibody $( \lg \mathsf { G } + \lg \mathsf { M } )$ to CMV.

Specimen testing by sites:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Patient Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasm a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>CMV Initial ResultsPatient Sam pleN=501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Galileo NEO®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NEOIris®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>CMV Resolved Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Galileo NEO®FDA cleared assay*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NEOIris®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sensitivity100.0% (98.7%, 95% 2-sided LCI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Specificity 97.8% (95.0%, 95% 2-sided LCI)</td></tr></table>

\*Only discordant specimens were tested with $| { \mathfrak { g } } { \mathsf { G } } / { \mathsf { I } } { \mathsf { g } } { \mathsf { M } }$ FDA cleared assay. Results are for North America Market assays.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of Capture-CMV assay on the NEO ${ \| \mathsf { r i s } ^ { \circledast } }$ was determined using a panel of ten (10) coded samples, five (5) CMV antibody positive and five (5) CMV antibody negative, at three (3) test sites, two external sites and internally at Immucor, Inc. The samples were tested by two operators, in duplicated on two (2) runs per day for five (5) nonconsecutive days. The summary of reproducibility results by site are presented in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Concordance by Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalTests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Concordance(95% LCI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ObservedNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Concordance(95% LCI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(97.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(98.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%(99.2%)</td></tr></table>

# Specificity and Cross-reactivity

The following table summarizes Capture-CMV results when testing samples from subjects with the following IgG antibodies:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category of Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture-CMVPositive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EBV(VCA) Epstein-BarrVirus(Viral Capsid Antigen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV - HerpesSimplex Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type I - 10Type ll - 13IgM* -2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parvovirus B19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANA - Anti-Nuclear Antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RF - RheumatoidFactor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZ - Varicella Zoster</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasmagondii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

\*HSV Type not specified

To ensure suitable reactivity and specificity, each assay component lot of the CaptureCMV assay is tested prior to release against sera known to contain specific antibodies to CMV viral proteins, as well as sera known to be free of such antibodies.

# Conclusion

The non-clinical and clinical study data demonstrate that the Capture-CMV® assay used with Galileo NEO® instrument is as safe and effective as the predicate device.

# Bibliography

1. Plapp FV, Sinor LT, Rachel JM et al. A solid phase antibody screen. Am J Clin Pathol 1984;82:719.   
2. Coombs RRA, Marks J, Bedford D. Specific mixed agglutination: Mixed erythrocyte-platelet anti-globulin reactions for the detection of platelet antibodies. Br J Haematol 1956;2:84.   
3. Hogman C. The principle of mixed agglutination applied to tissue culture systems. Vox Sang 1959;4:12.