Cepheid   
Robert Resnick   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K203429 Trade/Device Name: Xpert GBS LB XC, GeneXpert Dx System, GeneXpert Infinity System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus Spp. Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: NJR, OOI Dated: November 18, 2020 Received: November 20, 2020

Dear Robert Resnick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief, General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K203429

Device Name Xpert GBS LB XC

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Xpert GBS LB XC test, performed on the GeneXper $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Instrument Systems, is an automated qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from enriched vaginal/rectal swab specimens, using real- time polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

Xpert GBS LB XC testing is indicated as an aid in determining the GBS colonization status of antepartum women.

• The Xpert GBS LB XC test is intended for antepartum testing on enriched Lim broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs after 18–24 hours of incubation • The Xpert GBS LB XC test does not provide antimicrobial susceptibility test results. Culture is necessary to obtain isolates to perform susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

# I. SUBMITTER

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 541-4191 Fax number: (408) 541-4192

# Contact:

Robert Resnick. M.S.

Date of Preparation: II. DEVICE

December 06, 2021

Trade name: Common name:

Xpert® GBS LB XC Xpert® GBS LB XC

Type of Test:

Qualitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and detection test

Regulation number, Classification name, Product code: Definition

21 CFR 866.3740, Streptococcus spp. serological reagents. NJR; Definition: A nucleic acid amplification assay system (including probes, other reagents, and instrumentation) is an aid in the identification of group b streptococci from pre-partum and intra-partum women to establish colonization status.

21 CFR 862.2570, Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems, OOI; Definition: The system is a clinical multiplex instrument intended to measure and sort multiple signals generated my multiple probes, intercalating dyes, or other ligands in an assay from a clinical sample. Signals may be generated by fluorescence or other phenomena and may be measured using filters on a photodiode or other detector. It may integrate sample and/or reagent handling, amplification, dedicated instrument control, data acquisition software, raw data storage mechanisms and other essential hardware components along with the signal reader unit. The system is used with specific assays to comprise an assay test system.

Classification Advisory Panel

Microbiology (83)

Prescription Use

Yes

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device Assay: Xpert GBS LB (K121539)

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Xpert GBS LB XC test is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for qualitative detection of DNA from Group B Streptococcus (GBS) from vaginal-rectal swab specimens obtained from pregnant women that are transported to the laboratory following enrichment in Lim broth.

The primers and probes in the Xpert GBS LB XC test are designed to simultaneously amplify and detect two unique GBS chromosomal targets: the first is a target within a coding region for a glycosyl transferase family protein and the second is within a coding region for a LysR family transcriptional regulator of Streptococcus agalactiae DNA.

The Xpert GBS LB XC test includes reagents for the detection of DNA from GBS in Lim broth-enriched vaginal/rectal swabs. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included in the cartridge. The SPC is present to control for adequate extraction and processing of the target sequences and to monitor for the presence of inhibitors in the PCR reaction. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridges are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time PCR for the detection of GBS genomic DNA in as little as 27 minutes with high titer specimens; GBS negative specimens generate results in approximated 43 minutes. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems, comprised of the GeneXpert Dx Systems and the GeneXpert Infinity Systems, have 1 to 80 randomly accessible modules, depending upon the instrument, that are each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR and RT-PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE® thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and RT-PCR and detection.

The Xpert GBS LB XC test is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems (GeneXpert Dx, GeneXpert Infinity-48s, and GeneXpert Infinity-80 systems). The GeneXpert Instrument System platform automates sample preparation, amplification and real-time detection. The GeneXpert systems consist of an instrument, computer, and preloaded software for running tests and viewing the results.

The GeneXpert Instrument Systems require the use of single-use, disposable cartridges (the Xpert GBS LB XC cartridges) that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained and specimens never come into contact with working parts of the instrument modules, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

# V. DEVICE INTENDED USE:

The Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ GBS LB XC test, performed on the GeneXpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Instrument Systems, is an automated qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from enriched vaginal/rectal swab specimens, using real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

Xpert GBS LB XC testing is indicated as an aid in determining the GBS colonization status of antepartum women.

The Xpert GBS LB XC test is intended for antepartum testing on enriched Lim broth cultures of vaginal/rectal swabs after 18–24 hours of incubation. The Xpert GBS LB XC test does not provide antimicrobial susceptibility test results. Culture is necessary to obtain isolates to perform susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic women.

This device is intended for prescription use only.

# VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert GBS LB XC test is substantially equivalent to the Xpert GBS LB Assay [510(k) # K121539].

The performance of the Xpert GBS LB XC test was evaluated in a multi-site clinical study in which the performance of the Xpert GBS LB XC test was determined relative to a composite comparator reference method using both results from culture and a FDA cleared nucleic acid test. The results of the study demonstrated that the performance of the Xpert GBS LB XC is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

The following tables compare Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ GBS LB XC test to Xper $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ GBS LB Assay (K121539). Table 1 shows similarities between the new device and the predicate, while Table 2 shows the differences.

Table 1. Similarities between New Device and Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td>New Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Xpert® GBS LB XC</td><td>Xpert GBS LB (K121539)</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation</td><td>Same</td><td>21CFR 866.3740 Streptococcus spp. serological reagents</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>Same</td><td>NJR Nucleic acid amplification assay system, group b streptococcus, direct</td></tr><tr><td>Device Class Intended Use</td><td>Same The Xpert GBS LB XC test,</td><td>specimen test I (non-exempt) The Cepheid Xpert GBS LB Assay,</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td>performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is an automated qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from enriched vaginal/rectal swab specimens, using real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Xpert GBS LB XC testing is</td><td>performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed to detect Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from enriched vaginal/rectal swab specimens, using fully automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) with fluorogenic detection of the amplified DNA.</td></tr><tr><td>indicated as an aid in determining the GBS colonization status of antepartum women.</td><td>Xpert GBS LB Assay testing is indicated as an aid in determining GBS colonization status in</td></tr><tr><td>The Xpert GBS LB XC test is intended for antepartum testing on enriched Lim broth cultures of</td><td>antepartum women. • The Xpert GBS LB Assay is used for antepartum testing on enriched Lim broth cultures of vaginal/rectal</td></tr><tr><td>vaginal/rectal swabs after 1824 hours of incubation</td><td>swabs after 1824 hours of incubation The Xpert GBS LB Assay does not provide susceptibility results. Culture</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Differences between New Device and Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® GBS LB XC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert GBS LB (K121539)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•The Xpert GBS LB XC test doesnot provide antimicrobialsusceptibility test results. Culture isnecessary to obtain isolates toperform susceptibility testing asrecommended for penicillin-allergicwomen,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>isolates are needed for performingsusceptibility testing as recommendedfor penicillin-allergic women.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert InstrumentSystems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA Moderate Complexity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enriched Lim broth cultures preparedfrom vaginal/rectal swabs after 1824hours of incubation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collection and TransportMedia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid Swab Collection Device orequivalent swab in non-nutritivetransport medium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real-Time PCR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-Contained SystemAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Extraction,detection and resultinterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluidics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-contained</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials available but not required</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Built in Lysis Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result(after enrichment)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;60 minutes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® GBS LB XC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert GBS LB (K121539)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dual target assay design:The test targets two conservedchromosomal sequences in S.agalactiae: 1) a member of theglycosysl transferase gene family and2) a LysR transcriptional regulator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single target assay design:The test targets the 3' DNA regionadjacent to the cfb CAMP-factorhemolysin gene of S. agalactiae.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Internal Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same except that the IPC waseliminated since SPC is a fullyprocess control monitoring bothsample processing and PCR inhibition(monitored by the IPC).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated internal controls to monitorsample processing, reagent hydrationand PCR inhibition.Specimen Processing Control(SPC)Internal Process Control (IPC)Probe Check Control (PPC)</td></tr><tr><td>Early Assay Termination (EAT) Feature</td><td>Yes Early Assay Termination can reduce the test time for positive results as early as 27 minutes. With GBS negative samples, the test returns results in approximately 43 minutes.</td><td>No</td></tr></table>

The Xpert GBS LB XC test has the same general intended use as the predicate device and has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device. The differences between the Xpert GBS LB XC test and the predicate device do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

# VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

# Non-Clinical Studies:

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection) and Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical reactivity and limit of detection (LoD) of the Xpert GBS LB XC test were determined for 12 different strains representing 12 known serotypes of GBS, of which 2 were characterized as non-hemolytic (Table 3). Serial dilutions of each serotype were prepared in a Lim broth negative clinical sample matrix or in a simulated sample matrix. Serotypes Ia, III and V were tested with 24 replicates per dilution level for each of two reagent lots across three days. Serotypes Ib, Ic, II, IV and VI-X were tested with one reagent lot for a total of 24 replicates of each dilution level across three days. The LoD was established for each serotype and reagent lot by probit logistic regression analysis.

The LoD for each serotype was verified by testing 20 replicates at the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval upper limit with one reagent lot across three days. The results for all serotypes except serotype V and VI were $2 9 5 \%$ $( \geq 1 9 / 2 0 )$ detected. The result for serotype $\mathrm { V }$ and VI was $8 5 \%$ (17/20) detected and the claimed LoD is based on the upper level of $9 5 \%$ confidence interval.

Table 3. GBS Limit of Detection (LoD)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (CFU/mL)Probit Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CIProbit Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/mL)Verified</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/swab)Verified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492-835</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ib</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32-49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231-370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132-213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>409-670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324-533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>384-618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>353-544</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>544b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512-728</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>509-855</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354-575</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525-829</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr></table>

a Non-hemolytic strain b Claimed LoD corresponds to upper $9 5 \%$ upper CI

# Analytical Reactivity with GBS cfb Mutants

A study was performed to evaluate the analytical reactivity of Xpert GBS LB XC test using GBS strains containing deletions in or adjacent to the region of the chromosome that encodes the CAMP factor hemolysis gene $c f b$ . Ten unique, well characterized GBS clinical isolates representing different $c f b$ mutations were tested at $8 3 3 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . All strains with $c f b$ mutations were detected with a positivity rate of $100 \%$ .

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity) and Microbial Interference

The analytical specificity of the Xpert GBS LB XC test was evaluated by testing a panel of 128 strains, representing bacterial, viral, parasite and yeast strains commonly found in vaginal/rectal flora or phylogenetically related to GBS (Table 4) in the Xpert GBS LB XC test in the absence (exclusivity) or presence (microbial interference) of GBS. Bacteria were tested at $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ , except as noted, and viruses and parasites were tested at a level of $\geq 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ organisms, yeast, IU or copies/ml. Microorganisms with potential to grow to high titers in Lim broth during enrichment (Candida albicans, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Enterococcus gallinarum, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus parasanguinis, Corynebacterium accolens) were tested at $>$ $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ . Of the 128 strains, 121 were tested in Lim broth clinical sample matrix or in simulated sample matrix, both in presence of GBS at 3x LoD and in absence of GBS.

Seven of 128 strains (Finegoldia magna, Mobiluncus curtisii subsp. curtisii, Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Anaerococcus tetradius and Anaerococcus prevotii ) were not available for in vitro testing and were evaluated by in silico analysis using the Xpert GBS LB XC primer and probe sequences as queries for organism- specific BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) analysis of the NCBI (National Center for Biotechnology Information) Nucleotide collection $( \mathrm { n r / n t } )$ database.

No cross-reactivity or microbial interference of GBS detection was observed, both in silico and in vitro, with any clinically relevant pathogens.

Table 4. Analytical Specificity of the Xpert GBS LB XC Test   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Organism</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium (Trueperella) pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atopobium (Fannyhessea) vaginae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hafnia alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureusc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter lwoffii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human immunodeficiencyvirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Papillomavirus 18b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella (Enterobacter)aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus lactolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus prevotia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus simulans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus tetradiusa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus casei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus delbrueckii lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus acidominimus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus coagulans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus gasseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium adolescentis Reuter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium brevis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BK virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micrococcus luteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus criceti</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blastocystis hominisb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus curtisii subsp.Curtisiia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus cristatus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella atlantae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus downei</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiaesubsp. dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiaesubsp. equisimilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitaliumb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equi subsp. equi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pantoea agglomerans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pasteurella aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridium difficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptoniphilusasaccharolyticusa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcusanaerobiusa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus parasanguinis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium accolens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonasasaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp. (genitalium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella bivia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pseudoporcinus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium urealyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenesb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus ratti</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus durans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sobrinus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartiib</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus suis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus vestibularis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodococcus equi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finegoldia magnaa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomonas vaginalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatuma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp.enterica ser. Dublin (group D)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subp.typhimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia lambliab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">a Evaluated in silicob Evaluated with DNAc Tested &lt; 1x106 (2x105 CFU/ml)</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances Study

Substances that may be present in vaginal/rectal specimens with the potential to interfere with the Xpert GBS LB XC test were evaluated. Potentially interfering endogenous and exogenous substances include human amniotic fluid, meconium, urine, fecal material, human blood, lubricating gel, vaginal anti-itch medications, vaginal antifungal medications, anti- diarrheal medications, laxatives, stool softeners, topical hemorrhoid ointments, body oil, body powder, deodorant sprays, enema solutions, and spermicidal foam.

These substances are listed in Table 5. All liquid substances were tested by adding $100 \%$ of the substance to the swab, solid substances by covering swab head to $7 5 \%$ and tablets were dissolved to their highest soluble concentration in simulate sample matrix and added to the swab. Five exogenous substances (Aquasonic $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ gel, Floraplus, Pepto Bismol $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , Skin oil and Xyloproct) were tested at lower concentration to determine the highest tolerated amount on swab (Table 5). The interferents were tested in the absence of GBS or in the presence of GBS at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD.

There was no interference in the presence of the substances at the concentrations tested in this study. All positive and negative samples were correctly identified using the Xpert GBS LB XC test.

Table 5. Potentially Interfering Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance (Source)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration on Swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Amniotic Fluid (Lee Biosolutions Inc.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine (Novakemi)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood - EDTA (BioChemed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood - Na Citrate (BioChemed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes, Buffy coat, 2x107 wBCs/ml(Karolinska University Hospital)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meconium (Lee Biosolutions)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucus (Sigma-Aldrich/Merck)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Feces - Pool of 10 donors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 % (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal Medication (Pepto Bismol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 % (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Diarrheal Medication (Dimor Comp[Dimeticone] from Nordic Drugs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tablet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03% loperamid +2% dimetkon (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant (RFSU Klick Ultra Glide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant (Sense Me Aqua Glide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lubricant (KY-Jelly)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Oil (ACO Repairing Skin Oil)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquidb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dialon Baby (Dialon Baby powder)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deodorant Powder (Vagisil® Deodorant Powder)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deodorant Spray (LN Intimate Deo)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deodorant Suppositories (Norforms FeminineDeodorant Suppositories)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enema solution (Microlax mikrolavemang McNeil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral Laxative (Inolaxol  Mylan)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral Laxative (Phillips Milk of Magensia  Bayer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral Laxative (Pursennid Ex-Lax - GSK)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tablet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spermicidal Foam (Caya preventivgel)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stool Softener (Laktulos - Meda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stool Softener (Movicol  Norgine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical Hemorrhoid Ointment (Xyloproct RectalOintment - Aspen)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solidc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topical Hemorrhoid Ointment (Scheriproctrektalsalva / Prednisolone Ointment Bayer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ultrasound Transmission Gel (Aquasonic Gel-Parker)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solidc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% /w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Antifungal Gel (Multi-Gyn Actigel)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Antifungal Gel (Multi-Gyn Floraplus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solidc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Anti-itch Cream (Ellen Probiotisk UtvärtesIntim Creme)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Antifungal Cream (Canesten - Bayer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaginal Antifungal Cream (Daktar  McNeil)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>a Pepto Bismol® diluted to 50% in background simulated background matrix and no interference observed.b Skin oil tolerated when 67% of swab head covered (tested as solid substance).Sulabc yRe 10% Aquasonic Gel was teste at 25% and MultiGyn Floraplus was tested at 75%. Nointerference was detection tdilution.</td></tr></table>

# Carry-Over Contamination

A study was conducted to demonstrate that no carry-over contamination occurs when testing these single-use, self-contained GeneXpert cartridges in the same GeneXpert module. The study consisted of a negative sample processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately following a high GBS positive sample. Twenty-one runs alternating high titer GBS positive and GBS negative samples were performed consecutively on two GeneXpert modules, thus a total of 42 runs were executed for the study. All 20 positive samples were correctly reported as GBS POSITIVE. All 22 negative samples were correctly reported as GBS NEGATIVE.

# Reproducibility Study

A panel of ten samples with varying concentrations of four different GBS strains were tested by two operators each in triplicate on six different days at three sites using 3 different lots of Xpert GBS LB XC (2 operators $\times 3$ replicates/day $\times 6$ days $\times 3$ sites) including negative panel members. Three lots of Xpert GBS LB XC were used at each of the three testing sites. The source of the three strains (serotype Ia, III, IV) representing a hemolytic phenotype and one strain (serotype Ic) representing a non-hemolytic phenotype is presented in Table 6. The three levels were ${ \sim } 3 \times \mathrm { L O D }$ and ${ \sim } 1 \times \mathrm { L O D }$ and negative.

Table 6. Reproducibility Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GBS Serotype Ia - ATCC12386</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hemolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (~1X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (~3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GBS Serotype Ic -ATCC13813</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Non-emolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (~1X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (~3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GBS Serotype III - ATCC12403</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hemolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (~1X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (~3X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GBS Serotype IV -ATCC49446</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hemolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (~1X LoD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (~3X LoD)</td></tr></table>

Xpert GBS LB XC testing was performed on the GeneXpert Instrument Systems according to the Xpert GBS LB XC test procedure.

The percent agreement of the qualitative results for GBS detection for each sample calculated for each of the six operators and for each site is shown in Table 7. In addition, the overall percent agreement for each sample (total agreement) and the $9 5 \%$ two-sided Wilson Score confidence interval are shown in the last column.

Table 7: Summary of Reproducibility and Precision Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalAgreement by Saple with95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OP 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtotal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative 1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)96.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative 2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)96.6100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotypeIa~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%(106/108)93.5-99.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotypeI 1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)96.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotypeIII~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/1008)96.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotype IV~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%(34/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(105/108)92.1-99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotype Ia~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)96.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotype b3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(17/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(35/35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(107/107)96.5-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotype III~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)96.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBSserotypeIV~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)96.6-100.0</td></tr></table>

a. Testing with Serotype Ic was performed separately from testing by the other panel members. Negative panel members were included in both rounds of testing and are represented separately in the performance table above. b. Serotype Ic is characterized as non-hemolytic.

No statistically significant difference in performance (p-value of $< 0 . 0 1$ ) was observed between the study sites, operators, or the lots used; p-values ranged from 0.7715 to 1.

# ANOVA Analysis

The study also enabled evaluation of repeatability (within-run variance/assay precision) as well as the within-laboratory precision of the underlying quantitative result (Ct values) obtained from the Xpert test, on which the qualitative reportable results are based.

The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-lots, between-days, between-operators and within-assay for each panel member are presented in Table 8.

Table 8. ANOVA Summary of Reproducibility Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MeanCT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Variance Source</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod PosGBS serotype Ia~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod PosGBS serotype III~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod PosGBS serotype IV~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PosGBS serotype Ia~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PosGBS serotype III~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PosGBS serotype IV~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative 1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod PosGBS serotype Ic~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PosGBS serotype Ic~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative 2c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr></table>

a. Two panel members with GBS negative results were excluded from ANOVA analysis. b. Three panel members with GBS negative results were excluded from ANOVA analysis c. ANOVA calculations are based on the SPC Ct values for the negative panel members. d. One sample with a GBS negative result was excluded from ANOVA analysis.

The total SDs ranged from 0.7 to 1.5. The SDs did not exceed $50 \%$ of the total SD for the following factors: Site-to-Site, Operator-to-Operator, Lot-to-Lot and Day-to-Day. The majority of the total variance came from within-assay random variance (assay noise), and not from the other evaluated factors.

# Clinical Studies

# Clinical Performance

Clinical performance of the Xpert GBS LB XC test was evaluated in a multisite study conducted in the United States using the GeneXpert Dx instrument system. Vaginal/rectal swab specimens were collected at three (3) geographically diverse sites from pregnant females for GBS testing as a part of routine care. Specimens were inoculated in Lim broth per institutional policy. For eligible specimens, aliquots of leftover Lim broth samples were obtained for testing with the Xpert GBS LB XC test. The results of the Xpert GBS LB XC test were compared to a composite comparator method. The composite comparator method comprised of enriched bacterial culture with species identification via Matrix Assisted Laser Desorption Ionization - Time of Flight Mass Spectroscopy (MALDI-TOF MS) and an FDA cleared NAAT. For the composite comparator, a specimen was considered positive if either enriched bacterial culture or the FDA cleared NAAT was positive and negative when both enriched bacterial culture and the FDA cleared NAAT were negative. Additionally, the Xpert GBS LB XC test was compared directly to the FDA cleared NAAT test.

# Performance of Xpert GBS LB XC v Composite Comparator

A total of 621 specimens with results from enriched bacterial culture and the FDA cleared NAAT were included in the analyses of Xpert GBS LB XC versus the composite comparator method. The results are shown in the table below.

Table 9. Xpert GBS LB XC Performance vs. Composite Comparator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Comparator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Xpert GBS LB XC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>473</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.3% (95%CI: 96.1-99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>98.7% (95%CI: 97.3-99.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.9% (95%CI: 91.4-98.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99.8% (95%CI: 98.8-100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>23.0% (95%CI: 19.9-26.5)</td></tr></table>

As shown in Table 9, the sensitivity and specificity of the Xpert GBS LB XC test compared to the composite comparator method were $9 9 . 3 \%$ and $9 8 . 7 \%$ , respectively.

# Performance of the Xpert GBS LB XC Test vs. FDA Cleared NAAT

A direct comparison of the Xpert GBS LB XC test to the FDA cleared NAAT was also performed. The results are shown in the table below.

Of 622 samples tested with the Xpert GBS LB XC test during this study, nine yielded nondeterminate results on the initial test. These nine samples were retested and eight returned valid results. The initial non-determinate rate was $1 . 4 \%$ (9/622) and the final non-determinate rate was $0 . 2 \%$ (1/622).

# VIII. CONCLUSIONS

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert GBS LB XC test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.