# December 23, 2021

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. Heather Planck Regulatory Affairs Specialist 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244

Re: K210976 Trade/Device Name: Curian Campy Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter fetus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: LQP Dated: March 31, 2021 Received: April 1, 2021

Dear Heather Planck:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) number: K210976

# Owner:

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 3471 River Hills Drive Cincinnati, Ohio 45244 USA Phone: (513) 271-3700 Fax: (513) 272-5213

# Contact:

Primary Contact: Heather Planck Regulatory Affairs Specialist

# Trade Name:

Curian® Campy

# Common Name:

Campylobacter Spp.

Classification Name: Campylobacter fetus serological reagents (21 CFR 866.3110, Product Code LQP)

Predicate Device: CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK K191456

# Device Description

The Curian® Campy assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test for the detection of Campylobacter-specific antigens in human stool samples collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of gastroenteritis. Curian Campy is intended to detect C. jejuni, C. coli, C. upsaliensis, and C. lari in unpreserved or preserved stool in Cary-Blair or C&S transport media. The Curian® Campy assay utilizes fluorescence technology with the cleared Curian® Analyzer (K192817) to detect Campylobacter-specific antigens in human stool.

# Intended Use / Indications for Use

Curian Campy, for use with the Curian Analyzer, is a rapid, qualitative fluorescent immunoassay for the detection of a Campylobacter-specific antigen in human fecal specimens. Curian Campy is intended to detect C. jejuni, C. coli, C. upsaliensis, and C. lari in human stool from patients with signs and symptoms of gastroenteritis. The test is intended for use with unpreserved fecal specimens or preserved fecal specimens in transport media. Test results are to be used in conjunction with information available from the patient clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures. Curian Campy is intended to aid in the diagnosis of Campylobacter infection.

# Predicate Device Comparison

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities Between the New Device and the Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEW DEVICECurian™ Campy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICECAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEKK191456</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Curian Campy, for use with the CurianAnalyzer, is a rapid, qualitative fluorescentimmunoassay for the detection of aCampylobacter-specific antigen in humanfecal specimens. Curian Campy is intendedto detect C. jejuni, C. coli, C. upsaliensis,and C. lari in human stool from patients withsigns and symptoms of gastroenteritis. Thetest is intended for use with unpreservedfecal specimens or preserved fecalspecimens in transport media. Test resultsare to be used in conjunction withinformation available from the patient clinicalevaluation and other diagnostic procedures.Curian Campy is intended to aid in thediagnosis of Campylobacter infection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK testis a rapid membrane enzyme-linkedimmunosorbent assay for the qualitativedetection of a Campylobacter-specificantigen in human fecal specimens. TheCAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK test isdesigned to detect C. jejuni, C. coli, C. lari,and C. upsaliensis from patients with signsand symptoms of gastroenteritis. The testis intended for use with preserved fecalspecimens in transport media andunpreserved fecal specimens. Test resultsshould be considered in conjunction withclinical findings and patient history.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LQP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter-specific antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal/Polyclonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individuals with signs and symptoms ofgastroenteritis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human fecal specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved fecal specimens and fecalspecimens in Cary-Blair and C&amp;S TransportMedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negative control included in thekit. Internal Control line</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. jejuni, C. coli, C. lari, and C. upsaliensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Result Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 30 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigerated (2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences Between the New Device and the Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEW DEVICECurian ™ Campy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICECAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEKK191456</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lateral flow fluorescentimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rapid membrane ELISA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation ofResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results interpretation automated byCurian Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual</td></tr></table>

# NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Analytical Performance

# Precision/Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Curian Campy assay was determined by testing contrived samples in both stool matrix types (i.e., unpreserved stool and stool preserved in C&S transport media), across three sites (one internal and two external). Samples were created with the C. jejuni organism spiked into either preserved or unpreserved pooled negative stool matrix at the following concentrations: high negative (just below ${ \mathsf C } _ { 5 }$ ), low positive $( \sim \mathsf { C } _ { 9 5 } )$ , moderate positive ( $_ { 3 \times }$ higher than the ${ \mathsf { C } } { \mathsf { 9 5 } } { \overline { { \imath } } }$ ), and one true negative stool sample. Ten panels of blinded samples with 16 samples per panel were provided to each site per stool matrix type for a total of 320 samples $\scriptstyle 1 = 1 6 0$ unpreserved stool and $\mathtt { n = 1 6 0 }$ preserved stools in C&S media). Testing was conducted at each site twice a day over 5 nonconsecutive days by two operators per day per site and included three different kit lots (2 lots per site). In addition, positive and negative controls were run daily.

The results were consistent among the different locations and exhibited $100 \%$ percent agreement (PA) with expected results for the true negative, low positive, and moderate positive preserved stool samples in C&S media. The high negative samples exhibited a PA of $9 5 . 3 \%$ ( $9 5 \% C 1$ : $9 0 . 6 \% - 9 7 . 7 \% )$ . For unpreserved stool samples, the results were consistent among the different locations and exhibited $100 \%$ PA for the true negative and moderate positive samples. The high negative unpreserved stool samples showed a PA of $9 8 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \% C 1$ : $9 5 . 2 \% - 9 9 . 6 \%$ ) and the low positive stool samples showed PA of $8 2 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \% C 1$ : $7 5 . 8 \%$ - $8 7 . 9 \%$ , which was lower than expected; under-sampling with the Curian Campy transfer pipette was the cause.

# Analytical Sensitivity

Analytical sensitivity studies were performed to determine the analytical limit of detection (LoD) of quantified Campylobacter whole cell stocks (C. jejuni, C. coli, C. upsaliensis, and C. lari) in human stool matrix for the Curian Campy assay. Three lots of the Curian Campy assay were evaluated. For each kit lot, an LoD was established and confirmed in separate studies for each target Campylobacter species across the three sample matrices. The concentrations were calculated in colony forming units per milliliter $( \mathsf { C F U } / \mathsf { m L } )$ ) and their equivalent in CFU/test by factoring in the dilutions and the final volume used in the assay. The LoD values determined for the Curian Campy for each species detected by the assay in unpreserved and preserved (C&S and Cary-Blair) stool matrix are listed in the table below.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">C. jejuni</td><td colspan="2">C. coli</td><td colspan="2">C. upsaliensis</td><td colspan="2">C. lari</td></tr><tr><td>CFU/mL</td><td>CFU/test</td><td>CFU/mL</td><td>CFU/test</td><td>CFU/mL</td><td>CFU/test</td><td>CFU/mL</td><td>CFU/test</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Unpreserved Stool Matrix</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>4.00x105</td><td>1818</td><td>3.00x106</td><td>13636</td><td>1.62x106</td><td>7386</td><td>5.00x106</td><td>22727</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="6">Preserved (C&amp;S) Stool Matrix</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>7.25x105</td><td>2266</td><td>1.57x107</td><td>49063</td><td>1.18x106</td><td>3681</td><td>1.16x107</td><td>36250</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8">Preserved (Cary-Blair) Stool Matrix</td></tr><tr><td>7.25x105</td><td>2266</td><td>1.57x107</td><td>49063</td><td>2.36x106</td><td>7375</td><td>1.16x107</td><td>36250</td></tr></table>

# Prozone / Hook Effect

A study was performed to determine the potential for a high dose prozone/hook effect with the Curian Campy assay. Dilutions of quantified C. jejuni whole cell stock were prepared in negative sample matrix to create contrived positive samples containing known concentrations of the target antigen. Individual reactions were prepared such that the concentration in each replicate was that of a high positive specimen, approximately 4xLoD - 240xLoD for preserved samples (ranging from $2 . 7 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ to $1 . 7 3 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ and 7xLoD - 430xLoD for unpreserved samples (ranging from $2 . 7 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ to $1 . 7 3 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ CFU/mL). A total of $\mathsf { n } { = } 7$ dilutions were prepared for both preserved and unpreserved specimen $\mathtt { \Pi } _ { \mathtt { n } = 1 4 }$ total). Each sample dilution was tested in replicates of 5 to determine whether a hook/prozone effect was observed with the Curian Campy assay. A prozone/ hook effect was not observed with the Curian Campy assay when testing samples containing high concentrations of C. jejuni.

# Cross-Reactivity/Microbial Interference

A cross-reactivity and microbial interference study was performed to determine if microorganisms found in human stool specimens) non-specifically react with the Curian Campy assay, or interfere with detection of Campylobacter-specific antigen when present at high concentrations. The specificity of Curian Campy was evaluated by testing bacteria, fungi, and viral strains spiked into unpreserved and preserved stool in C&S media. Each organism was tested with in the absence and presence of Campylobacter jejuni (at 2x LoD). Bacteria and fungi were testedat a minimum concentration of $1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ CFU/mL (with the exception of C. helveticus) and viruses at minimum concentration of $1 . 0 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \operatorname { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } )$ . For Norovirus,5 preserved clinical stool specimens were evaluated rather than contrived samples.

No cross-reactivity or microbial interference with the Curian Campy assay was observed except for C. helveticus (strain ATCC 51209), which was found to be positive at concentrations greater than $3 . 7 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL in unpreserved stool and $7 . 5 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL in preserved stool matrix. The organisms evaluated for cross-reactivity are listed below.

Acinetobacter baumannii   
Aeromonas hydrophila   
Bacillus cereus   
Bacillus subtilis   
Bacteroides fragilis   
Campylobacter concisus   
Campylobacter fetus   
Campylobacter helveticus   
Campylobacter hyointestinalis   
Candida albicans   
Citrobacter freundii   
Clostridium bifermentans   
Clostridium difficile   
Clostridium perfringens   
Edwardsiella tarda   
Enterobacter cloacae   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Escherichia coli   
Escherichia coli EIEC   
Escherichia coli EPEC   
Escherichia coli ETEC   
Escherichia coli O157:H7 (non-toxigenic)   
Escherichia coli O157:H7 (toxigenic)   
Escherichia fergusonii   
Escherichia hermanii   
Helicobacter pylori   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Lactobacillus acidophilus   
Lactococcus lactis   
Listeria monocytogenes   
Peptostreptococcus anaerobius   
Plesiomonas shigelloides   
Porphyromonas asaccharolytica   
Prevotella melaninogenica   
Proteus vulgaris   
Pseudomonas aeruginosa   
Pseudomonas fluorescens   
Salmonella enterica susb. enterica serovar Hilversum   
Salmonella enterica susb. enterica serovar Typhimurium   
Salmonella enterica susb. enterica serovar Minnesota   
Serratia marcescens   
Shigella boydii   
Shigella dysenteriae   
Shigella flexneri   
Shigella sonnei   
Staphylococcus aureus   
Staphylococcus aureus (Cowan’s)   
Staphylococcus epidermidis   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus dysgalactiae subsp. equisimilis   
Vibrio parahaemolyticus   
Yersinia enterocolitica

Adenovirus 1,2, 3, 5, 40, 41   
Coxsackievirus B2, B3, B4, B5   
Echovirus 9, 11, 18   
Enterovirus 68, 69, 70, 71

Human Coronavirus   
Human Rotavirus   
Norovirus   
Parechovirus 1 (formerly Echovirus 22)

# Interfering Substances

Interference testing was performed in the presence of chemical and biological substances introduced directly into contrived C. jejuni low positive and negative unpreserved and preserved stool samples. Substances and their respective test concentrations evaluated are listed below. Interference was not observed with the Curian Campy assay for any of the substances evaluated at their respective test concentrations.

<table><tr><td>Barium Sulfate (5% w/v)</td><td>Mylanta® (4.2 mg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Benzalkonium chloride (1% w/v)</td><td>Naproxen sodium (5% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Ciprofloxacin (0.25% w/v)</td><td>Nonoxynol-9 (1% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Ethanol (1% w/v)</td><td>Nystatin (1% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Hog gastric mucin (3.5% w/v)</td><td>Palmitic Acid/Fecal Fat (40% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Human blood (40% v/v)</td><td>Pepto-Bismol® (5% v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Human hemoglobin (10.0% w/v)</td><td>Phenylephrine (1% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Human urine (5% v/v)</td><td>Polyethylene glycol 3350 (10% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Hydrocortisone (1% w/v)</td><td>Prilosec OTC® (5 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Imodium® A-D (5% v/v)</td><td>Sennosides (1% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Kaopectate® (5% v/v)</td><td>Simethicone (10% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Leukocytes (0.05% v/v)</td><td>Stearic Acid/Fecal Fat (40% w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Mesalazine (10% w/v)</td><td>Tagamet® (5 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Metronidazole (0.25% w/v)</td><td>TUMS® (50 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Mineral Oil (10% w/v)</td><td>Vancomycin (0.25% w/v)</td></tr></table>

# Assay Reactivity/ Inclusivity

Several strains of C. jejuni, C. coli, C. upsaliensis, and C. lari were used to evaluate the specificity of the Curian Campy assay using both unpreserved and preserved stool (in C&S).

All strains listed below generated positive results when tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. upsaliensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. lari</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix Z086</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1060</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43476</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35222*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 49350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2017/0506H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35223*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/1950*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2013/0823H*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43954</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2015/0814*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43953*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2015/2983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/2697*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/0235*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2018/0319H*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2015/0519</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/1931</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2015/1582</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700558*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2015/2189</td></tr></table>

\*The following C. upsaliensis and C. lari strains exhibited elevated LoDs in comparison to the reference strains (ATCC 49816 and ATCC 43675) that were used in the LoD determination:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactivity Level inUnpreserved Stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactivity Level in StoolPreserved in C&amp;S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>C. upsaliensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/1950</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 43953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/2697</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2018/0319H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 700558</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>C. lari</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2013/0823H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2015/0814</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2016/0235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 35223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10x</td></tr></table>

# Brush Bridging Study

The Curian Campy assay is for use with unpreserved human stool specimens and human stool specimens preserved in Cary-Blair and C&S transport media. Most specimens are easily sampled using the transfer pipette provided in the kit; however, some unpreserved stool specimens are non-pipettable and require use of a specific brush (i.e., Curian Campy Stool Collection Brush, sold separately by Meridian) to adequately collect the sample for analysis in the Curian Campy assay. Fifty-three non-pipettable stool specimens (5 Campylobacter positives and 48 negatives) were processed with the brush during the prospective and archived clinical studies, combined.

To further support use of the brush with the Curian Campy assay, an analytical bridging study was performed that evaluated a panel consisting of contrived positive and negative samples collected/processed with the brush. Contrived positive samples were generated by spiking C. jejuni (strain ATCC #BAA-1234) into negative, non-pipettable stool samples. Ten samples were prepared at 3x LoD and 25 samples were prepared at 5x LoD. Twenty-five negative samples were also tested. Three non-expert operators tested each sample at one internal site. All positive samples gave the expected positive results, and all negative samples were negative. These results indicate that non-pipettable stool specimens can be collected with the brush prior to testing with the Curian Campy assay.

# CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Clinical Performance

# Prospective Study

The Curian Campy assay was evaluated from July 2020 to December 2020 at five clinical study sites representing geographically distinct regions throughout the United States. There were 1,474 specimens from patients with signs and symptoms of gastroenteritis for whom a diagnostic Campylobacter test had been ordered by a practicing physician, prospectively collected and enrolled into the study. All specimens were tested at the study sites with the Curian Campy assay and either had current standard of care Campylobacter culture and speciation performed and results available (reference method) or culture and speciation was performed as part of the study. The vast majority of specimens were pipettable and were processed with the Curian Campy pipette included in the kit. A small subset of specimens were nonpipettable and were processed with the Curian Campy Collection Brush (sold separately by Meridian). Clinical performance (sensitivity and specificity) for prospective specimens against the reference method (culture and speciation) are presented in the following table. There were no observable differences in performance of the Curian Campy assay with respect to study site, storage condition, kit lot, or patient gender or age. Prospective specimens with discordant results between the Curian Campy assay and the reference method were further evaluated using standard of care (SoC) results obtained with an FDAcleared commercial nucleic acid amplification test (NAAT); results of discordant testing are footnoted below.

Curian Campy Overall Performance for Prospective Specimens versus Culture and Speciation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method: Culture andSpeciation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Curian CampyAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[65.4% - 95.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[97.2% - 98.7%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

\* The Standard of Care (SoC) testing of two of the three false negative specimens by a high sensitivity, FDA-cleared nucleic acid amplification (NAAT) assay showed that one of the specimens produced a negative Campylobacter result, whereas one of the specimens produced a positive Campylobacter result; the third specimen was not subjected to NAAT testing as part of the SoC.

\*\* Of the 28 false positive specimens, 10 were subjected to SoC testing by a high sensitivity, FDA-cleared NAAT assay. Two of these 10 specimens produced a positive Campylobacter result, whereas eight produced a negative Campylobacter result. Eighteen specimens were not subjected to NAAT testing as part of the SoC.

# Archived Study

To further estimate sensitivity and specificity of the Curian Campy assay, 290 archived samples with culture and speciation results were retrospectively tested for Campylobacter antigen using the Curian Campy assay at all five study sites. The clinical performance (sensitivity and specificity) for archived samples against the reference method (culture and speciation) are presented in the table below.

Curian Campy Overall Performance for Archived Samples versus Culture and Speciation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference Method: Culture andSpeciation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Curian CampyAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[82.8% - 99.4%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[95.6% - 99.2%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

# Contrived Study

Additional testing at each site was conducted with contrived samples at 2xLoD and 8xLoD for C. coli, C. upsaliensis, and C. lari and 3 reagent lots. All 210 specimens tested as expected with $\mathtt { n } = 1 5 0$ positive Campylobacter spp. specimen and $\mathtt { n = 6 0 }$ negative specimen yielding $100 \%$ correlation with the anticipated results. Both sample matrices were represented with $\mathtt { n } = 1 0 5$ unpreserved stool specimens and $\mathtt { n } = 1 0 5$ stool specimens preserved in C&S transport media. The overall performance of the Curian Campy assay compared to the anticipated results is presented in the table below.

Curian Campy Overall Performance for Contrived Specimens versus Contrived Anticipated Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Contrived: Anticipated Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Curian CampyAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[97.5% - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[94.0% - 100.0%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION

The Curian® Campy assay, as supported by the information submitted in this premarket submission, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (CAMPYLOBACTER QUIK CHEK; K191456).