# October 20, 2021

Biomed Diagnostics Incorporated   
John Antiabong   
Research and Development Director   
1388 Antelope Road   
White City, Oregon 97503

Re: K210511 Trade/Device Name: InTray GC Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2410 Regulation Name: Culture Media for Pathogenic Neisseria Spp. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JTY Dated: February 23, 2021 Received: February 23, 2021

Dear John Antiabong:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

February 12, 2021

510(k) Owner: Biomed Diagnostics, Inc. (Registration number 2951280)

1388 Antelope Rd White City, OR 97503 Phone: 541-8303000 Fax: 541-8303001 Contact person: Dr. John F Antiabong Director Research and Development BIOMED DIAGNOSTICS INC. 1388 Antelope Rd White City, OR 97503 Phone: 541-8303000-1040 Email: jantiabong@biomeddiagnostics.co

# Device

Trade name: InTray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ GC

Common name: Culture Medium For Pathogenic Neisseria Spp

Classification name: Culture medium for pathogenic Neisseria spp Class II, 21 CFR 866.2410, (Device product code: JTY).

# Predicate device

InTray GC, 510K# K993033 cleared in 1999

# Device description

The InTray GC is a Modified Thayer-Martin medium within a sealed inner well. The inner seal covers the inner well containing agar and an additional sealed cavity containing a $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ generating tablet. There is also an outer adhesive label seal with a window that does not fog up under $100 \%$ relative humidity. The user opens and inoculates the surface of the medium with the patient sample followed by resealing the outer adhesive label. High humidity within the InTray causes the tablet to generate $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ thus providing adequate bacterial growth condition for the target pathogen. After incubation of the inoculated InTray, the bacterial growth can be observed through the window without opening the InTray and therefore not disturbing the established $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ concentration. Observation of culture growth can be by eye, hand lens or microscope.

# Intended Use

The InTray GC is a microbiological device intended to differentiate and support the growth of pathogenic Neisseria gonorrhoeae when incubated at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for 24-72 hours. Inoculated samples can optionally be pre-incubated prior to transport when pre-incubated at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for 24 hours. Subsequent transport, of the pre-incubated specimen under controlled room temperature (18 to $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ ), is supported out to 72 hours.

# Substantial equivalence

The InTray GC (K210511) is substantially equivalent to the current legally marketed InTray GC (K993033). The InTray GC support the growth of pathogenic Neisseria gonorrhoeae. Both devices utilize the same technology by supporting N. gonorrhoeae on Modified Thayer-Martin medium. A transport simulation study as well as a comparative assessment study, using the InTray GC device, were conducted to determine the performance characteristics of InTray GC and to validate the new transportation claim. The study results showed that the InTray GC is acceptable for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The table below shows the similarities and differences between the InTray GC and the predicate device.

# Comparison of InTray GC with predicate device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Descriptive Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device: InTray GCTransport Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: InTray GC(K993033)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The InTray GC is amicrobiological device intendedto differentiate and support thegrowth of pathogenic Neisseriagonorrhoeae when incubated at35°C for 24-72 hours. Inoculatedsamples can optionally be pre-incubated prior to transport whenpre-incubated at 35°C for 24hours. Subsequent transport, ofthe pre-incubated specimen undercontrolled room temperature (18to 25°C), is supported out to 72hours.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InTray GC is used, like conventionalThayer-Martin media plates, to growNeisseria gonorrhoeae and similarorganisms.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JTY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription/over-the-counter use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rx Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collection apparatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not include a specimencollection swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Thayer Martin medium(agar)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Only sample intended for growthof Neisseria species</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Descriptive Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device: InTray GCTransport Function</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: InTray GC(K933033)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport at 18-25°C for up to 72hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No transport</td></tr></table>

# Non-clinical performance data

To demonstrate substantial equivalence of the InTray GC (K210511) to the previously cleared InTray GC (K993033) as a predicate device, Biomed Diagnostics Inc. performed data analysis on the recoverability of the N. gonorrhoeae after sample inoculation, transport simulation and incubation of both devices according to manufacturer’s specifications. First, to determine the optimal specimen transport condition that ensures recovery of viable $N .$ gonorrhoeae in the InTray GC, various transport conditions that simulated potential conditions in the healthcare operations were evaluated to determine the clinical utility of the InTray GC as a specimen transport device from site of collection to the laboratory. Four InTray replicates were inoculated with approximately 20 colony forming units (CFU) for each experimental group outlined in the table below and the process was repeated with the five different AR isolate bank strains (N. gonorrhoeae strains 0165, 0202, 0175, 0181 & 0197) and N. gonorrhoeae strain ATCC 43069. One lot of InTray GC transport device was used in the study.

# Experimental groups

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ExperimentalGroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Experimental Treatment Post Inoculation with 20 CFU N.gonorrhoeae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-incubate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incubate*:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for 24hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 18-25°C for 72hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for at least 72hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for 24hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for at least72 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group C1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No pre-incubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 18-25°C for 24hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for at least 72hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group C2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No pre-incubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 18-25°C for 48hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for at least 72hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group C3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No pre-incubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 18-25°C for 72hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 35°C for at least 72hours</td></tr></table>

\*Also, continuous observation for up to 144 hours.

The data from the transport simulation study showed that inoculated samples pre-incubated at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for 24 hours followed by transport at $1 8 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 72 hours, demonstrated recovery via increased colony size when compared to samples that were not pre-incubated.

InTray GC transport and recovery was also compared to recovery using a legally marketed transport device and six $N .$ gonorrhoeae strains. Multiple lots of variously aged InTray GC devices were used to test the six strains of $N .$ gonorrhoeae, with 3 lots testing 5 strains $\mathrm { N } { = } 1 5$ replicates) and two different lots testing one of the six strains $\mathrm { N } { = } 2$ replicates). InTray GC devices were inoculated with $2 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of a $1 . 5 \mathrm { { x } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \ C F U / m L }$ in $0 . 8 5 \%$ saline of each $N .$ . gonorrhoeae strain. Group B experimental design was used to establish time zero of incubation and Group A experimental design was used to evaluate the 72-hour transport claim - schematic in the Table above.

Three replicates of the legally marketed transport device were used to inoculate the same six $N .$ . gonorrhoeae strains, as those used for the InTray GC device, at an inoculum of $1 . 5 \mathrm { { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \ C F U / m L }$ in $0 . 8 5 \%$ saline. The legally marketed transport device was incubated at room temperature for 24-hours. Chocolate agar culture media was used for the determination of the organism recovery and for enumeration of the colony forming units recovered. The differences in inoculum concentration between InTray and the legally marketed transport device are to account for the 24-hour pre-incubation step and size of InTray GC device.

A decline in the $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ of ${ \le } 2 \log _ { 1 0 }$ between time zero and the end of the experimental incubation was considered acceptable. The results of the comparative assessment study showed that there was $\leq 2 \log _ { 1 0 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ difference in $N .$ . gonorrhoeae recovery, for each strain, between time zero (no transport) and the experimental endpoint (72-hour transport) for the InTray GC device. There was no difference between the performance of the predicate device and transported InTray GC device. Acceptable recovery performance was also achieved for the legally marketed transport device when time zero and the experimental endpoint of 24 hours were compared, demonstrating that sufficient viability of N. gonorrhoeae was achieved using traditional transport and culture techniques. The results also substantiate that the InTray GC device may be used for transport when following the new procedure.

Cross reactivity testing of the InTray GC device is already captured in the original 510K (K993033) and also presented in the instruction for use (IFU) document.

# Conclusion

These performance characteristics therefore show that the InTray GC (K210511) is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared InTray GC (K993033) as an IVD for the transport of inoculated sample/specimen and subsequent recovery of $N .$ . gonorrhoeae in the laboratory.