bioMérieux, Inc   
Cherece L Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri, 63042 USA.

Re: K210287 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST- Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \le 0 . 1 2 5 - \ge 8 \mathrm { u g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTW, LTT Dated: January 29, 2021 Received: February 2, 2021

Dear Cherece Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or post marketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name VITEK® 2 AST- Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK® 2 AST-Streptococcus Cefotaxime is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus spp. and is intended for use with the VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST- Streptococcus Cefotaxime is a quantitative test. Cefotaxime has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Streptococcus pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A beta-hemolytic streptococci)\* Streptococcus spp. (Viridans group streptococci)

\*The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card also reports the susceptibility of the following additional organisms as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretative Criteria website (STIC): Streptococcus spp. ß-Hemolytic Group (other than S. pyogenes).

The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of S. pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and Viridans Streptococcus to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \leq \mathbf { 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu g / m L } )$

A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name:

Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Cherece L. Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8684   
314-731-8689   
January 29, 2021

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST- Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 $ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code: LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST-Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5$ - $\geq 8 \mathrm { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ (K121863)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathbb { P } } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

# VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu g / m L } )$ ) Traditional 510(k) Submission

Each ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK $^ { \circledast } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the VITEK® 2 AST- Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 $ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ when compared to the predicate device, ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Streptococcus Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K121863), are described in Table 1 below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST- StreptococcusCefotaxime (≤0.125 - ≥8 μg/mL)(K210287)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-StreptococcusCefotaxime (≤0.125 - ≥8 μg/mL)(K121863)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGlowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-StreptococcusCefotaxime is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofStreptococcus spp. and is intendedfor use with the VITEK® 2 andVITEK ® 2 Compact Systems as alaboratory aid in the determination ofin vitro susceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK® 2 AST-Streptococcus Cefotaxime is aquantitative test.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK ® 2 and VITEK ® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus (AST-ST)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Algorithms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discriminate Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 and VITEK ® 2 CompactSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device: VITEK® 2 AST- Streptococcus Cefotaxime (≤0.125 - ≥8 μg/mL)</td><td>Predicate: VITEK® 2 AST-Streptococcus Cefotaxime (≤0.125 - ≥8 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Concentrations</td><td>(K210287) 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2</td><td>(K121863) Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="10">Indicated Organisms</td><td>Cefotaxime has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below,</td><td>Cefotaxime has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganism listed below, according</td></tr><tr><td>according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.</td><td>to the FDA label for this antimicrobial. Active in vitro and in clinical</td></tr><tr><td>Active in vitro and in clinical infections:</td><td>infections:</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td>Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A beta-hemolytic streptococci)* Streptococcus spp. (Viridans group</td><td>beta-hemolytic streptococci), Streptococcus spp.</td></tr><tr><td>streptococci) *The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus</td><td>The VITEK ® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended</td></tr><tr><td>Susceptibility Card also reports the susceptibility of the following</td><td>to be used with the VITEK ® 2 and VITEK 2 Compact Systems for the automated quantitative or qualitative</td></tr><tr><td>additional organisms as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretative Criteria website</td><td>susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically</td></tr><tr><td>(STIC): Streptococcus spp. B- Hemolytic Group (other than S.</td><td>significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus</td></tr><tr><td>pyogenes). The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK ® 2 Systems in</td><td>agalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.</td><td>Streptococcus, and Viridans</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of S. pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic</td><td></td></tr></table>

# F. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 ~ - ~ \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime. An external evaluation was conducted with contemporary and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of AST-ST Cefotaxime by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 20-24 hrs (i.e. Streptococcus). The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \ \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntimicrobialCode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntibioticVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bp1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Cefotaxime*</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>CTX</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>(ctx01n)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>FDA(CLSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#EStreptococcuspneumoniaemeningitis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(346/351)98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(314/351)89.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/54)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/243)0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(35/351)10.0</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStreptococcuspeumoniae(non -meningitis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(346/351)98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(315/351)89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/23)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/297)0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(35/351)10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStreptococcuspyogenes Ggroup A B-HemolyticTGp Goup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(310/310)100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(310/310)100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)00.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/310)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStreptococcusspp. β-HemolyticGroup (otherthan S.pyogenes) NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(554/554)100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(554/554)100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/554)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStreptococcusspp. ViridansGroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(397/408)97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(396/408)97.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/12)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/381)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(12/408)2.9</td></tr></table>

The VITEK 2 Cefotaxime MIC values for Streptococcus spp Viridans Group tended to be at least one doubling dilution lower than the reference method and may contribute to the occurrence of very major errors.

NS - The current absence of resistant isolates precludes defining any results other than susceptible. Isolates yielding MIC results suggestive of Nonsusceptible category should be submitted to a reference laboratory for further testing.

# VITEK® 2 AST-ST Cefotaxime $( \pm \mathbf { 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu g / m L } )$ ) Traditional 510(k) Submission

\*For specific information regarding susceptibility test interpretive criteria and associated test methods and quality controls standards recognized by FDA for this drug, please see: https://www.fda.gov/STIC.

Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# G. Limitations:

The ability of the AST card to detect resistance with the following combination(s) is unknown because resistant strains were either not available or an insufficient number were encountered at the time of comparative testing:

Cefotaxime (ctx01n): Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A ß-hemolytic streptococci) and Streptococcus spp ß-Hemolytic Group (other than S. pyogenes)

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.   
3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.