Wuxi Nest Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
$\%$ Randy Jiang   
Senior Technical Consultant   
Emergo Global Consulting, LLC   
2500 Bee Cave Road, Building 1, Suite 300 Austin, Texas 78746

Re: K211256 Trade/Device Name: Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport culture medium Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JSM Dated: April 23, 2021 Received: April 26, 2021

Dear Randy Jiang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial   
Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

The following information is provided in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 for the Premarket 510(k) Summary:

Submitter Information Company:

Cheng Zhiwei   
RA Manager   
Wuxi NEST Biotechnology Co., Ltd. No.530 Xida Road, New District, Wuxi 214112 China   
Telephone: 0086-510-68006788   
Email: project01@nest-wuxi.com

# Contact:

Randy Jiang   
Senior Technical Consultant   
Emergo Global Consulting, LLC   
2500 Bee Cave Road, Building 1, Suite 300   
Austin, Texas, 78746, USA   
Telephone: (512) 327-9997   
Fax: (512) 327-9998   
LST.AUS.ProjectManagement@ul.com   
March 29, 2022

# Date Summary Prepared:

# Name of the Device

Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
Classification Name:   
Review Panel:   
Regulation:   
Class:   
Product Code:   
Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media   
Transport culture medium   
Microbiology   
Microbiology (MI)   
866.2390   
Class I   
JSM

# Equivalence Claimed to Predicate Device

The Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media is equivalent to the COPAN UNIVERSAL TRANSPORT MEDIUM (UTM-RT) SYSTEM (K042970), manufactured by COPAN DIAGNOSTICS, INC.

# Device Description

The Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media is composed of preservation tubes filled with VTM (Viral Transport Media), kitted with or without swabs, depending on the product type. The Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media is composed of Sodium chloride, Disodium hydrogen phosphate dodecahydrate, Potassium chloride, Potassium dihydrogen phosphate, Magnesium sulfate heptahydrate, Glucose, HEPES, Sodium bicarbonate, Fluconazole, Gentamicin sulfate, Griseofulvin, Polymyxin sulfate, Phenol red (optional), Sodium hydroxide, Calcium chloride, Bovine serum albumin and L-Cysteine. The preservation tube is made of medical-grade polypropylene materials. For both oropharyngeal and nasopharyngeal swabs, the swab head is made of flocked nylon fiber, and the rod is made of ABS (acrylonitrile butadiene styrene).

# Indication for Use Statement

The NEST Disposable Sampler (Viral Transport Medium) is intended for the collection and transport of upper respiratory clinical specimens to the laboratory for standard diagnostic or identification techniques. The Viral Transport Medium can be used in the laboratory to perform culture, isolation and detection of upper respiratory viruses including Influenza A, Rhinovirus, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV).

# Substantial Equivalence Discussion

The following table compares the Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media to the predicate device with respect to indications for use, principles of operation, technological characteristics, materials, and performance, and forms the basis for the determination of substantial equivalence. The subject device does not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness as compared to the predicate device.

Table 1: Subject and Predicate Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device K211256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate K042970</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEST DisposableSampler ViralTransport Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan universaltransport medium(UTM-RT) system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristic Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indications ForUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The NESTDisposableSampler (ViralTransportMedium) is</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan UniversalTransport Medium(UTM-RT) Systemis intended for thecollection and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">intended Tor thecollection andtransport of upper</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">transport ofclinical specimenscontaining viruses,chlamydiae,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">respiratory clinical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">specimens to thelaboratory forstandard diagnosticor identificationtechniques. The</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mycoplasma or</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ureaplasma from</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the collection site</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">to the testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">laboratory. UTM-RT can be</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Transport</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Medium can beused in the</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">processed using</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">standard clinicallaboratory</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laboratory to</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">perform culture,isolation anddetection of upperrespiratory virusesincludingInfluenza A,Rhinovirus, andRespiratorySyncytial Virus(RSV).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">operatingprocedures forviral, chlamydial,mycoplasma andureaplasmaculture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Product Codeand Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSM, Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSM, Class I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 7.3 ± 0.2 at25°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH 7.3 ± 0.2 at25°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Media formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HANK's BalancedSalts Solution,HEPES, Sodiumbicarbonate,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HANK's BalancedSalts, BSA, L-cysteine, gelatin,sucrose, L-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluconazole,Gentamicinsulfate,Griseofulvin,Polymyxin sulfate,Phenol red,Sodium hydroxide,glucose, BSA andL-cysteine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">glutamic acid,HEPES buffer,vancomycin,amphotericin B,colistin, phenol red</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vial Specification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mL vial: 2.5 mLVTM10 mL vial: 3.0mL VTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mL UTM in12x80 mm tube3 mL UTM in16x100 mm tube10 mL UTM in25x90 mm tube</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supported claims toperform culture,isolation and detectionof:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A,Rhinovirus, andRespiratorySyncytial Virus(RSV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">chlamydiae,mycoplasma     orureaplasma    andviruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH indicator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr></table>

# Non-Clinical Performance Data

# Culture-Based Viral Recovery Studies

To demonstrate safety and effectiveness of Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media and to show substantial equivalence to the predicate device, Wuxi Nest completed the following nonclinical tests. Performance of the NEST Disposable Samplers were evaluated for viral recovery using commercial strains of Influenza A virus A/PR/8/34 H1N1, Rhinovirus Type 16, and Respiratory syncytial virus Type A. A $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { l }$ aliquot of virus culture with $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m l }$ virus was added into $9 0 0 \mu \mathrm { l }$ of different batches of preservation solution (three lots) with negative clinical nasopharyngeal matrix collected from healthy subjects. After mixing, the samples were then stored at $2 3 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (room temperature) and $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (refrigerated) for 0, 24, and 48 hours. Different lots of preservation solution without virus dilution were used as controls with negative clinical nasopharyngeal matrix collected from healthy subjects. At each timepoint, an aliquot of the preservation solution, matrix and organism suspension was inoculated into the appropriate host cell line. Finally, the number of plaques formed on the host cells by the recovered viable virus were calculated. All the cultures were processed using standard laboratory culture techniques. Each time point was assessed in triplicate and the average value was taken as the final value. The results of the viral recovery studies are represented in Table 2 below and show the attenuation rate of the viruses tested at different temperatures and times.

Table 2: Viral viability study results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test samples(Lot No.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Virus Titer(x104 PFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attenuation rate(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=21 colspan=1>Influenza Avirus A/PR/8/34H1N1</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>080921ES1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>040121PS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>101020E01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Rhinovirus Type16</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>080921ES1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>040121PS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.97</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=5 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=3>101020E01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=23 colspan=1>Respiratorysyncytial virusType A</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=3>080921ES1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=3>040121PS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=3>101020E01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>E01</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25°C, 48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

The NEST Disposable Samplers preserved the samples of all the viruses tested for up to 48 hours at both room temperature and when refrigerated. The results confirm that the media stabilizes the target viruses meeting the performance specifications for the subject device.

# Statement of Substantial Equivalence

Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, safety, and performance testing, the subject device, the Disposable Sampler Viral Transport Media, meets the requirements that are considered essential for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, the Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) system, K042970.