Healgen Scientific, LLC   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Director   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave. Suite I Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K212623 Trade/Device Name: Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus Spp. Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: GTY Dated: August 16, 2021 Received: August 18, 2021

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K212623

Device Name Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab)

Indications for Use (Describe) The Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus, Strep A) antigen from throat swab specimens of symptomatic patients to aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infection.

All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude infection with Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

510(k) SUMMARY K212623

1. Date:

March 7, 2022

2. Submitter:

HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC   
5213 Maple St   
Bellaire, TX77401

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc. 504 East Diamond Ave. Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email:shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Name: Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) Class: Class I

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GTY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>866.3740 streptococcus spp serological reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

K133343 Wondfo Strep A Rapid Test Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co., Ltd.

6. Intended Use/Indications for Use

The Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A $\beta$ -hemolytic Streptococcus, Strep A) antigen from throat swab specimens of symptomatic patients to aid in the diagnosis of Group A Streptococcus bacterial infection.

All negative test results should be confirmed by bacterial culture because negative results do not preclude infection with Group A Streptococcus and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment.

7. Device Description

Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) is a qualitative, lateral flow immunoassay for the detection of Strep A antigen directly from a throat swab sample.

In this test, antibody specific to Strep A carbohydrate antigen is coated on the test line region of the test. During testing, the extracted throat swab specimen reacts with an antibody to Strep A that is coated onto particles. The mixture migrates up the membrane to react with the antibody to Strep A on the membrane and generate a color line in the test line region. The presence of this color line in the test line region indicates a positive result, while its absence indicates a negative result. To serve as a procedural control, a colored line will always appear in the control line region, indicating that proper volume of specimen has been added and membrane wicking has occurred.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) and the predicate device is provided in Table 1.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (k133343)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative detectionof group A streptococcalantigen directly from throatswabs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay technical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunochromatographic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Antibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat polyclonal anti-Rabbit IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Polyclonal Anti-Strep A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (k133343)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2×103 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 105organisms/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%: 95% Cl (93.7-98.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%: 95% Cl (88-98%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%: 95% C1 (96.2-100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%: 95% C1 (96-99%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results Reading Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 minutes</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

Group A Streptococcus reacts with the anti-Strep A antibody conjugated to the gold particle. The complex is then bound by the anti-Strep A capture antibody and a visible red test line appears, indicating a positive result. To serve as an onboard procedural control, a control line observed at the control site prior to running the assay will turn red, indicating that the test has been performed properly.

10. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance a. Precision/Reproducibility

A test panel consists of a true negative sample (diluent only), a low negative sample $( 3 . 6 { \mathrm { x } } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ , a moderate positive sample $( 1 . 8 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U } / \mathrm { m L } )$ and a LoD sample $( 7 . 2 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ ) were tested. Three lots of the device are used. The study is performed at two runs per day in 5 different days at three different sites. Six professional operators who don’t know the sample number code participated in the study (two operators at each site). Each operator tests two runs per day at each concentration with three lots of Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab). A total of 30 determinations by each operator at each concentration are made. The obtained results are shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ResultsSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Agreement % (Positive/Total tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall PositiveDetection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>True negative sample(Diluent only)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%(0/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%(0/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%(0/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%(0/180)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate positive sample,1.8×104 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(180/180)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD sample,7.2×10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(59/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%(56/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(57/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6%(172/180)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low negative sample,3.6×10³ CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.3%(29/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3%(26/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.7%(25/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4%(80/180)</td></tr></table>

It’s concluded that there are no significant differences of the test results obtained between different users, different sites and different lots in different days. The obtained results are reproducible in good precision.

b.Linearity Not applicable   
c. Stability Stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on real time stability determination at both $4 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ .

d.LoD

The limit of detection (LoD) for the Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip was established using limiting dilutions of Streptococcus pyogenes and tested by spiking with clinical matrix. A concentrated stock $( 3 . 6 \times 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ ) of inactivated S. pyogenes ATCC 19615 was serially diluted in saline solution. 5 $\mu \mathrm { L }$ of each contrived dilution sample was pipetted onto negative throat swab clinical matrix for testing. Each dilution was tested by seven operators with three lots of Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab), for a total of 21 results for each dilution. The test results are shown in the following table.

Table: Determining Limit of Detection (LoD) for Healgen Strep A Rapid Test in clinical matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of bacteria loaded*(5 μL per swab)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8×105 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2×104 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6×104 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8×104 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5×103 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr></table>

\*Calculated values based on dilution and volume of sample loaded on the swab per test.

The LoD was determined to be $7 . 2 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ when $5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of sample was pipetted onto a negative clinical matrix (equivalent to 360 bacteria on the swab).

The LoD for the Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip was also examined by using limiting dilutions of $S$ . pyogenes ATCC 19615 in saline and pipetting $5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of each dilution with equivalent bacterial amounts as those used with the clinical matrix onto a swab.

Table: Determining Detection of Limit (LoD) for Healgen Strep A Rapid Test in Saline Solution   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of bacteria loaded*(50 µL per swab)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8×104 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2×103 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6×103 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8×103 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5×103 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr></table>

\*Calculated values based on dilution and volume of sample loaded on the swab per test.

The LoD was determined to be $7 . 2 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ when $5 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of sample was pipetted onto a swab (equivalent to 360 bacteria on the swab) which is consistent with the LoD established using negative throat swab clinical matrix.

# e. Interference

The potentially interfering substances of blood, mucus, saliva, and medications used to relieve a sore throat, such as over-the-counter cough drops, lozenges, cough syrups, throat sprays, mouth wash etc. were tested with Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab). Each potentially interfering substance was diluted and splitted into two aliquots. One aliquot was spiked with S. pyogenes to a final concentration of $1 . 4 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ . The second aliquot contained no bacteria. These aliquot samples were tested by three batches of Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab). Three laboratory assistants with relevant experience performed the test. The obtained results are shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1.44×104 CFU/mL S.pyogenes Positive specimen(2×LOD)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">S. pyogenes NegativeSpecimen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood (human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20% (vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OTC Mouthwashes</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listerine Antiseptic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cool Mint</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest Pro-Health Clean Mint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Crest Pro Health</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi Protection Clean Mint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colgate Total Pro-Shield,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">20%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spearmint</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">OTC Lozenges</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sucrets Sore Throat &amp; CoughLozenges, Honey Lemon,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sucrets Sore ThroatLozenges Cherry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls Mentho-Lyptus DropsCherry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halls Cough Suppressant CherryTriple Soothing Action</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepacol Extra Strength SoreThroat &amp; Cough Drop Lozenges,Cherry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">OTC Throat Sprays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepacol Dual Relief</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloraseptic Max</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">OTC Cough Syrups</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tylenol Cough and Sore Throat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Basic Care Tussin DM, CoughSuppressant &amp; Expectorant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin (Guaifenesin Syrup)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Robitussin Nighttime Cough</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Children's Dimetapp Cold &amp; Flu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Children's Dimetapp Cold &amp;Cough</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%(vol/vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Active Ingredients</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen (Tylenol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine Maleate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine Maleate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan HBr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine Succinate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Guaifenesin(Guaiacol Glyceryl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen (Advil)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr></table>

Neither false positive nor false negative results are shown in the Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) at the concentrations listed.

f. Analytical Specificity

Analytical specificity (cross-reactivity) of Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) was carried out for organisms likely to be found in the respiratory tract. It was tested by three lots of Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab). Three professional users performed the test. The obtained results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Organisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Test results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Lot1#</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Lot2#</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Lot3#</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operatorc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatorC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacteriumhaemolyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumdiphtheria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.37×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (VR-28HumanCoxsackievirus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×108TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacteriumnecrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusparahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusparainfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Humanmetapneumovirus(HMPV-27 A2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55×105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirusOC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7×105TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×104 bacteria/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp.(Lactobacillus casei)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacteriumtuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×103 bacteria/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella lacunata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella(Branhamella)catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacteriumtuberculosis(avirulent strain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria lactamica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.25×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria subflava</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.27×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusepidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusmarcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcushaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae(Group B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9×107 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcusdysgalactiae (Group C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.43×10°CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sp. (bovisII) Group D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sp. Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1×106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H60R (Group F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus(Group G)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2×107CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2×106CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.7×108CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.9×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×108 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09×108 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9×107 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5×108 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8×106TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×105TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.85×107 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV Type 1 MacIntyrestrain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenzaType 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenzaType 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenzaType 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6×105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human rhinovirus 26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5×106 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9×105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.38×107TCD50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytialvirus Type A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5×107PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytialvirus Type B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8×105TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr></table>

No cross reactivity was found for the above organisms at the concentrations tested.

2. Comparison Studies

NA

3. Clinical Studies

A total of 368 subjects were tested from patients exhibiting symptoms of pharyngitis by both the Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) and the culture studies. Of the 368 total subjects, 162 were found to be negative (-) by culture and 206 were found to be positive $( + )$ by culture. These test results are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ALL AGES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strep A Rapid Test Strip(Throat Swab)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Culture Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>368</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95%CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0~5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% (74/76)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4% - 99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1% (52/53)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+~21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% (119/123)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7% - 99.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (88/88)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (7/7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.6% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (21/21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8% - 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1% (200/206)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7% - 98.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4% (161/162)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

There were no statistical differences in the Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) performance between the age groups. The overall Clinical Sensitivity is $9 7 \%$ . The overall clinical specificity is $9 9 \%$ .

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, LoD, interference, specificity and clinical study of the device, it’s concluded that Healgen Strep A Rapid Test Strip (Throat Swab) is substantially equivalent to the predicate.