DiaSorin Molecular LLC Tara Viviani Director, Regulatory Affairs 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630

Re: K212147

Trade/Device Name: Simplexa COVID-19 Direct

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981

Regulation Name: Device to detect and identify nucleic acid targets in respiratory specimens from microbial agents that cause the SARS-CoV-2 respiratory infection and other microbial agents when in a multi-target test

Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QQX Dated: August 12, 2022 Received: August 15, 2022

Dear Tara Viviani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Himani Bisht, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct is real-time RT-PCR assay intended for use on the LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MDXu 2 (SARS-CoV-2) innasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) and nasal swabs (NS) from symptomaticindividuals suspectedof COVD19 b heath provier.Th Splexa™ COVID- Dr asa anaidn th o SARSCoV-2 infection.

Puv AR-VAC pis oh ptogens.Negative results o not preclud ARS-CoV-econan should not e use as the le bas o patient management decisions.

Reu guidelines provided by the relevant public health authorities.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# Applicant

DiaSorin Molecular LLC. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No.

2023365

Contact Person

Tara Viviani   
Senior Director, Molecular Regulatory Affairs   
Tel. 562.240.6271   
Tara.Viviani@DiaSorin.com

# Summary Date

September 13, 2022

Proprietary Name

Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct

# US Product Codes/Names and Regulation Numbers

QQX- Device to detect and identify nucleic acid targets in respiratory   
specimens from microbial agents that cause the SARS-CoV-2   
respiratory infection and other microbial agents when in a multi  
target test (21 CFR $\ S$ 866.3981)   
OOI - Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems (21 CFR $\ S$   
862.2570)

# Classification

Class II

# Predicate Devices

BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 (K211079)

# Intended Use

Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct REF MOL4150

The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct is a real-time RT-PCR assay intended for use on the LIAISON® MDX instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection of nucleic acid from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) and nasal swab specimens from symptomatic individuals suspected of COVID-19 by their healthcare provider. The Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct assay is an aid in the diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection.

Positive results are indicative of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. Clinical correlation with patient history and other diagnostic information is necessary to determine patient infection status. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other pathogens. Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2 infection and should not be used as the sole basis for patient management decisions.

Results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory data, in accordance with the guidelines provided by the relevant public health authorities.

# Device Description

The Simplexa COVID-19 Direct is a real-time RT-PCR (rRT-PCR) system that enables the direct amplification and detection of SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) RNA from nasopharyngeal swab or nasal swab that has not undergone nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa COVID-19 Direct reaction mix, the LIAISON MDX (with LIAISON MDX Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories. The assay uses forward and reverse primers and associated fluorescent probe(s) included in the reaction mix to amplify SARS-CoV-2 cDNA reverse transcribed from RNA. The primers and probe sets are designed to detect SARS-CoV-2 ORF1ab and S gene from the viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab or nasal swab. An RNA internal control, with associated primers and a fluorescent probe, is included in the reaction mix to detect RT-PCR failure and/or inhibition.

Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct REF MOL4150   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EC Symbolonn Label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbreviatedName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactionsperVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ COVID-19Direct Reaction Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL4151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

# Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct Components and Descriptions

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Simplexa ™COVID-19 DirectReaction Mix (RM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, reverse transcriptase, RNase inhibitor, buffer, dNTPs, encapsulated RNAtemplate (Internal Control), fluorescent probes and corresponding forward and reverseprimers specific for detection of SARS-CoV-2 RNA and for the RNA Internal Control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProbeFluorophore(Dye)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation (nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission(nm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S gene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445-505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507-533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ORF1ab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JOE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503-543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>547-573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ORF1ab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InternalControl RNA(IC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>622-658</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>652-708</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™MCOVID-19 DirectBarcode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Assay specific parameters and lot information</td></tr></table>

# Materials Supplied Separately

Direct Amplification Disc Kit (REF MOL1455) - Direct Amplification Discs for use on the LIAISON® MDX

# Materials Required But Not Supplied

LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MDX with LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MDX Studio Software version 1.1 or higher.

$5 0 ~ \mu \ L$ fixed volume pipette (VWR Signature™ Fixed Volume Ergonomic High-Performance Pipettor Model VWR FE50 or equivalent).

Sterile, nuclease-free disposable pipette tips with filters (Extra Long tips $\geq 9 1 ~ { \mathsf { m m } }$ are recommended for pipetting directly from primary collection tubes).

reezer (manual defrost) at $\mathord { - } 1 0$ to ${ } ^ { - 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ (for kit component and/or specimen frozen storage).

Disposable, powder-free gloves.

Centrifuge for collecting contents to bottom of tubes.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 (K211079)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Simplexa COVID-19 DirectSimplex COviD-19 Positive Control Gen IIPack</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QQX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNA from SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is aqualitative nested multiplexed RT-PCR invitro diagnostic test intended for use withthe BioFire FilmArray 2.0 and BioFireFilmArray Torch Systems. The BioFireCOVID-19 Test 2 detects nucleic acids fromsevere acute respiratory syndromecoronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) innasopharyngeal swabs (NP) fromsymptomatic individuals suspected ofCOVID-19 by their healthcare provider.Results are for the identification of SARS-Co V-2 RNA. The SARS-Co V-2 RNA isgenerally detectable in NPS specimensduring the acute phase of infection. Positiveresults are indicative of the presence ofSARS-CoV-2 RNA; clinical correlation withpatient history and other diagnosticinformation is necessary to determinepatient infection status. Positive results donot rule out co-infection with otherpathogens. Results are meant to be used inconjunction with other clinical,epidemiologic, and laboratory data, inaccordance with the guidelines provided bythe relevant public health authorities. TheBioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is intended for useby trained medical and laboratoryprofessionals in a laboratory setting orunder the supervision of a trained laboratoryprofessional.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™ COVID-19 Direct [REFMOL4150The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa ™ COVID-19Direct is a real-time RT-PCR assay intended foruse on the LIAISON® MDX instrument for the invitro qualitative detection of nucleic acid fromsevere acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus2 (SARS-CoV-2) in nasopharyngeal swabs(NPS) and nasal swabs (NS) from symptomaticindividuals suspected of COVID-19 by theirhealthcare provider. The Simplexa ™M COVID-19Direct assay is an aid in the diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection.Positive results are indicative of the presence ofSARS-CoV-2 RNA. Clinical correlation withpatient history and other diagnostic informationis necessary to determine patient infectionstatus. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other pathogens. Negative resultsdo not preclude SARS-CoV-2 infection andshould not be used as the sole basis for patientmanagement decisions.Results are meant to be used in conjunctionwith other clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratorydata, in accordance with the guidelinesprovided by the relevantt public healthauthorities.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutomatedSystem (Sampleto Answer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFireFilmArray 2.0 or BioFire®FilmArray® Torch Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIAISON MDX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal Swab, Nasal Swab</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL AGREEMENT

The clinical performance of the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct was established in multi-site clinical evaluation. A total of 1,150 prospective fresh and/or prospective frozen Nasopharyngeal (NPS) and/or

Nasal Swabs (NS) samples were collected from four (4) geographically diverse collection sites, one of which was outside the United States (OUS). A total of 409 NPS samples and a total of 741 nasal swabs were collected. One hundred fourteen (114) samples were excluded from the analysis due to insufficient evidence to include certain media types, 24 were excluded due to invalid results, and one (1) specimen was excluded due to an indeterminate result from the composite reference method. The Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct Clinical Agreement testing was performed at three (3) external clinical sites and one (1) internal site from October 2020 to April 2021. Three COVID-19 EUA approved NAAT assays were used to establish a comparator reference method (CRM) to evaluate the performance of the candidate device. Two out of three positive results determined “Detected” CRM and two out of three negative results determined “Not Detected” CRM. The clinical performance of Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct is summarized in the Tables 1-3 below.

Table 1: Total Specimen Clinical Summary: Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct vs. EUA NAAT CRM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™M COVID-19 DirectProspectiveUpper Respiratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CRM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>899</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>901</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.2% (108/110)95% Cl: 93.6% to 99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.6% (897/901)95% Cl: 98.9% to 99.8%</td></tr></table>

Table 2: NPS Clinical Summary: Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct vs. EUA NAAT CRM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™M COVID-19 DirectProspectiveNPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CRM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.4% (60/61)95% Cl: 91.3% to 99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.6% (237/238)95% CI: 97.7% to 99.9%</td></tr></table>

a One sample positive by Simplexa was detected one of the NAATs included in the CRM. $\mathrm { C R M } =$ Composite Reference Method, PPA $=$ Percent Positive Agreement, NPA $=$ Negative Percent Agreement

Table 3: NS Collection: Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct vs. EUA NAAT CRM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa ™M COVID-19 DirectProspectiveNS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CRM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>661</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>712</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.0% (48/49)95% Cl: 89.3% to 99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.5% (660/663)95% Cl: 98.7% to 99.8%</td></tr></table>

a One sample positive by Simplexa was positive by one of the NAATs in the CRM. $\mathrm { C R M } = \mathrm { C }$ omposite Reference Method, $\mathrm { P P A } =$ Percent Positive Agreement, NPA $=$ Negative Percent Agreement

# REPRODUCIBILITY

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct reproducibility study was performed at two (2) external clinical sites and one (1) internal site to evaluate repeatability, between day, between operator, between site and total reproducibility of the assay. The panel consisted of a total of four (4) panel members including two (2) contrived panel samples, one (1) positive control and one (1) universal transport media (UTM) negative sample. The contrived panel members were prepared at approximately one to two times (1x to 2x) the Limit of Detection (LoD) for a low positive (LP) and three to five times (3x to $\boldsymbol { 5 \times }$ ) LoD for a moderate positive (MP). Both contrived panel members were built with SARS-CoV-2 strain 2019-nCoV/USA-WA1/2020 spiked into native negative nasopharyngeal swab matrix. Each panel member was tested in triplicate per run for two (2) runs per day for a total of five (5) non-consecutive testing days at three (3) testing sites for a total of ninety (90) replicates. Each site had two (2) operators who each assayed the entire panel once per day, for a total of two (2) sets of data per day. The quantitative summary of variance components for each panel member based on the algorithm is in Table 4 below.

Table 4. Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 4</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">All Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment ithExpectedRests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg.C SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withExpectedesults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg.Ct SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withExpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg.Ct SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withExpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">NPS_WA-11_LP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.3%(28/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.6 ±0.95(3.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(27/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.4 ±1.14(3.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.6 ±0.72(2.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.4%(85/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88% -98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(27/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.2 ±0.97(3.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7%(29/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.7 ±1.18(3.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.9 ±1.09(3.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.6%(86/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89% -98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totala</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7%(29/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9%(89/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPS_WA-1_MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.5 ±0.80(2.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%(27/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.8 ±1.11(3.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7%(29/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.1 ±1.14(3.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.6%(86/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89% -98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 4</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">All Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withxpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg.Ct SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withExpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg.Ct SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withExpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg.Ct SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agree-ment withExpectedResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.3 ±0.87(2.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.6 ±1.39(4.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.7 ±0.98(3.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totala</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Negative(UTM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totala</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PositiveControl(C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8 ±0.26(1.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.7 ±0.18(0.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.7 ±0.42(1.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -1100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%3030)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.3 ±00.32(1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.0 ±0.12(0.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.8 ±0.36(1.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totala</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96% -00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">98.3% (118/120)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">95.0% (114/120)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">99.2% (119/120)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.%(351/360)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% -99%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">97.5% (117/120)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">99.2% (119/120)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0% (120/120)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9%(356/360)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97% -100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totala</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0% (120/120)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">99.2% (119/120)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0% (120/120)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7%(359/360)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98% -100%</td></tr></table>

a Total based on algorithm that at least one target (S gene or ORF1ab) is Detected for the sample to be Detected for SARS-CoV-2.

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Detection (LoD) for NPS and NS was determined to be the lowest detectable concentration of inactivated viral particles (copies/mL) for strain 2019-nCoV/USA-WA1/2020 at which $\geq 9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive. Initially, the tentative LoD was identified with serial dilutions of the inactivated viral particles in five (5) replicates for NPS matrix in UTM or four (4) replicates for NS matrix in UTM. The lowest concentration at which all replicates were positive was interpreted as the tentative LoD. For NPS, the LoD was then confirmed by testing forty (40) replicates with concentrations at the tentative LoD while for NS, the LoD was confirmed by testing twenty (20) replicates with concentrations at the tentative LoD. For both NPS and NS, the final LoD was confirmed to be the lowest concentration resulting in positive detection with a minimum $9 5 \%$ positivity. Table 5 shows the results of the studies.

The final LoD for NPS, according to the assay results interpretation was 500 copies/mL. The LoD for NS, according to the assay results interpretation was 242 copies/mL.

Table 5: Analytical Sensitivity/Limit of Detection for Inactivated Viral Particles in NPS or NS Matrix in UTM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2LoD(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected / #Tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>S gene (FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ORF1ab (JOE)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct ± SD(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection(# Detected/#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct ± SD(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% (36/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5 ± 1.60(4.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6 ± 1.56(4.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (20/20)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80% (16/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0 + 0.83(2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80% (16/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9 + 0.75(2.3%)</td></tr></table>

${ \mathsf { C t } } = { \mathsf { C y c l e } }$ threshold, $\mathtt { S D } =$ Standard Deviation, $\% { \mathsf { C V } } =$ Percent Coefficient of Variation $a \%$ Detection based on algorithm that at least one target (S gene or ORF1ab) is Detected for the sample to be Detected for SARSCoV-2.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) using inactivated SARS-CoV-2 WHO International Standard viral particles in NPS matrix was determined. The tentative LoD was identified with serial dilutions of the viral particles. The final LoD was confirmed to be the lowest concentration quantified in International Units per milliliter $( | \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m } | )$ resulting in positive detection with a minimum $9 5 \%$ positivity. Table 6 shows the results of the study.

The final LoD for NPS, according to the assay results interpretation was 500 IU/mL..

Table 6: Analytical Sensitivity/Limit of Detection for SARS-CoV-2 WHO International Standard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2WHOInternationalStandard(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Detection (#Detected / #Tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>S gene (FAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ORF1ab (JOE)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection (#Detected / #Tested)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct ± SD(%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection (#Detected / #Tesed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct ± SD (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5% (39/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% (38/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2 ± 1.28 (3.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85% (34/40)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6 ± 1.36 (4.1%)</td></tr></table>

Ct = Cycle threshold, $\mathtt { S D } =$ Standard Deviation, $\% { \mathsf { C V } } =$ Percent Coefficient of Variation, ${ \left| { \mathsf { U } } \right. } =$ International Units

FDA SARS-CoV-2 Reference Panel Testing: The evaluation of sensitivity and MERS-CoV cross-reactivity was performed using reference material (T1), testing blinded samples and according to a standard protocol provided by the FDA. The study included a range finding study and a confirmatory study for the Limit of Detection (LoD). Blinded sample testing was used to establish specificity and to confirm the LoD. The results are summarized in Table 7.

Table 7: Summary of LoD Confirmation Result using the FDA SARS-CoV-2 Reference Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Materials Provided by FDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 103 NDU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MERS-CoV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr></table>

NDU/mL $=$ RNA NAAT detectable units/mL, N/A $=$ Not applicable, ND $=$ Not detected, NPS $=$ Nasopharyngeal Swab

# REACTIVITY/INCLUSIVITY

# In Silico

An in silico inclusivity analysis of the COVID-19 target primers and probes in the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct assay was performed. All primer and probe sets designed for detection of the ORF1ab and S gene were tested against the complete SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences available in the GISAID database submitted from November 01, 2021 to January 31, 2022. The analysis included 2,170,584 sequences in the amplicon regions of the ORF1ab and S gene primer/probe regions. Only target sequences with full coverage of all three ORF1ab and S gene forward and reverse primer as well as probe region were included in the analyses. The analysis showed that the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct target regions had no mismatch to 2,170,382 sequences $( \sim 9 9 . 9 9 \% )$ and were predicted to be detected by the assay based on sequence homology. There were 202 sequences $( \sim 0 . 0 1 \% )$ with mismatches in at least one primer or probe binding region, region in either ORF1ab or S gene target region. A melting temperature (Tm) analysis was conducted for those sequences with mismatches in the binding sites of both gene assay target regions. A Tm calculation was performed with assay-specific conditions using a Tm Mismatch Bioinformatics Tool. Tm values observed above their respective annealing temperature had mismatches that were not located at the ${ \boldsymbol { 3 } } ^ { \prime }$ end for the primers; as such, detection of these sequences is not affected by the mismatches.

An additional in silico inclusivity analysis was performed for complete SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences available in the GISAID database submitted from February 01, 2022 to April 30, 2022 including sequences of the Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 subvariants. The analysis included 377,668 sequences in the amplicon regions of the ORF1ab and S gene primer/probe regions. Only target sequences with full coverage of all three ORF1ab and S gene forward and reverse primer as well as probe region were included in the analyses. The analysis showed that the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct target regions had no mismatch to 372,411 sequences $( \sim 9 8 . 6 \% )$ and were predicted to be detected by the assay based on sequence homology. There were 5213 $( \sim 1 . 4 \% )$ sequences with no mismatches for one gene oligo set (either ORF1ab or S gene), and there were 44 sequences $( \sim 0 . 0 1 \% )$ with mismatches in at least one primer or probe binding region, region in either ORF1ab or S gene target region. A Tm analysis was conducted as described above and the results demonstrated that detection of these sequences is not affected by the mismatches. Table 8 below summarizes the Tm analysis results.

An additional in silico inclusivity analysis was performed for complete SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences available in the GISAID database submitted from May 01, 2022 to July 31, 2022 including sequences of the Omicron BA.2.12.1, BA.2.75, BA.4 and BA.5 subvariants. The analysis included 211,224 sequences in the amplicon regions of the ORF1ab and S gene primer/probe regions. Only target sequences with full coverage of all three ORF1ab and S gene forward and reverse primer as well as probe region were included in the analyses. The analysis showed that the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct target regions had no mismatch to 208,582 sequences $( \sim 9 8 . 7 \% )$ and were predicted to be detected by the assay based on sequence homology. There were 2602 $( \sim 1 . 2 \% )$ sequences with no mismatches for one gene oligo set (either ORF1ab or S gene), and there were 40 sequences $( \sim 0 . 0 2 \% )$ with mismatches in at least one primer or probe binding region, region in either ORF1ab or $\mathtt { s }$ gene target region. A Tm analysis was conducted as described above and the results demonstrated that detection of these sequences is not affected by the mismatches. Table 8 below summarizes the Tm analysis results.

Table 8. Summary of Tm Analysis Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Timeframe of SequencesAnalyzed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofaccessions in GISAIDDatabase for thetimeframe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of sequenceswhere at least onetarget oligo set meetsTm criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identity to SARS-CoV-2 gene design</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nov. 1, 2021 to Jan. 31, 2022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,170,584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,170,584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feb. 1, 2022 to Apr. 30, 2022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377,668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377,668</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 1, 2022 to July 31, 2022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211,224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211,224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# Wet testing

Analytical reactivity was evaluated using five (5) strains of SARS-CoV-2 viral particles that were available. All five (5) strains of SARS-CoV-2 (Hong Kong/VM200001061/2020, England/204820464/2020, South Africa/KRISP-EC-K005325/2020, Japan/TY7-503/2021, hCoV19/USA/PHC658/2021) were detected at a concentration of 1000 copies/mL All replicates of the test samples had a result of “Detected” according to the interpretation algorithm.

Table 9. Analytical Reactivity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COVID-19 Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COVID-19 Qualitative Results% Detection (# Detected#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hong Kong/VM200001061/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>England/204820464/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>South Africa/KRISP-ECK005325/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Japan/TY7-503/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hCoV19/USA/PHC658/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

# CROSS-REACTIVITY

Cross-reactivity of the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct assay was evaluated using both in silico analysis and by testing whole organisms or purified nucleic acid from other organisms. Analytical specificity/crossreactivity was tested using 47 different viruses, bacteria, and fungi that could be found in nasopharyngeal swab specimens. In addition, pooled human nasal fluid was tested to represent diverse microbial flora. Test specimens for laboratory testing were prepared by spiking cultured isolates/inactivated organisms/purified nucleic acids (whole genome) (i.e., a minimum of $1 0 ^ { 6 } ~ { \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ or higher for bacteria and typically $ 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TCID50/mL or PFU/mL or higher for viruses) into COVID-19 negative pooled NPS matrix collected in UTM All samples were tested in three replicates. The results from the cross-reactivity testing are summarized in Table 10.

Table 10: Laboratory Tested Cross-Reactivity Analysis   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestedConcentration1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Qualitative Results: % Detection(# Detected/#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene(FFAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab(JOE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC(Q670)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus C (Type 1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila psittaci (genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S gene( FAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ORF1ab(JOE)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IC(Q670)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxiella burnetii (genomic DNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus HKU1 (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus NL63*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 104 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA (Leukocytes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus (hMPV)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B/Florida/02/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum 17-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella longbeachae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leptospira interrogans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:10 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis (genomicDNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parechovirus 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial Virus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial Virus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-coronavirus (RNA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pooled Human Nasal Fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

\*A lower concentration was tested due to inability to obtain stock material with high titer 1 CCU/mL $=$ Color Changing Units/milliliter, CFU/mL $=$ Colony Forming Units/milliliter, IFU/mL $=$ Infectious units/milliliter, $\mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Units/milliliter, $\mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose/milliliter

Bacillus anthracis, Influenza C and Pneumocystis jirovecii were not available. In addition, human coronavirus 229E, human coronavirus NL63 and human metapneumovirus (hMPV) were not available at a high enough concentration to permit wet testing at the concentration levels stated above. As a result of in silico BLAST analysis, the assay was found not to cross-react with these organisms.

# POTENTIAL INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

Potential interfering substances from respiratory specimens were tested for ability to generate false negative results. The test samples contained inactivated SARS-CoV-2 at a concentration of $_ { 3 \times }$ LoD in pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab matrix. Testing was performed with three (3) replicates per substance. The FluMist nasal vaccine was not tested as an interfering substance since it was unavailable at the time of the study.

Table 11: Potential Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active ngredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COVID-19QualitativeResults: %Detection(# Detected#Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC QualitativeResults: %Detection(# Detected/#Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic nasal ointment(Mupirocin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-viral drug (Oseltamivir)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cold Eeze (Throat lozenges,Oral anesthetic and analgesic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zincumgluconicum 2X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homeopathic allergy reliefmedicine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (Bovine submaxillary gland,type l-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroids (Fluticasone)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Allergy Relief Swabs (Nasal Gel,Zicam)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffaopperculata,Balphimiaglauca,histaminuhydrochloricum,Sulphur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal spray or drops(Oxymetazoline)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Saliva</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3% (5/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3% (5/6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic antibacterial(Tobramycin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3% (5/6)</td></tr></table>

\*Interference from saliva was observed at a concentration above $5 \%$ mg $=$ milligram, mL $=$ milliliter, v/v $=$ volume to volume, w/v $=$ weight to volume, ${ \mu } { \rho } =$ microgram, $\mathsf { N A } = \mathsf { N o t }$ Applicable

# INTERFERENCE BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct assay was evaluated by testing the ability to identify SARS-CoV-2 when other potentially inhibitory organisms were present. The panel of forty-seven (47) potentially inhibitory organisms was individually spiked into a pool with a low concentration at two times (2x) LoD of inactivated COVID-19 viral particles in NPS matrix. In addition, pooled human nasal fluid was tested to represent diverse microbial flora. For organisms not titered in $C F U / \mathsf { m L }$ or $\mathsf { T C } | \mathsf { D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ , other industry acceptable units were used as indicated. Samples were assayed in triplicate to screen for potential inhibition. No inhibition by other organisms was observed at the concentrations indicated in Table 12. Lactobacillus plantarum 17- 5 showed interference when tested above (5 x 105 CFU/mL).

Table 12. Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct – Microbial Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>COVID-19 QualitativeResults: % Detection(# Detected /#Tested)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus C (Type 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus 7A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophila psittaci (genomic DNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 x 105 copies/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxiella burnetii (genomic DNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus 68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus HKU1 (RNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 genome copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 104 U/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human genomic DNA (Leukocytes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus (hMPV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 x 104 TCID50/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Perth/16/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 EID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 CEID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus plantarum 17-5**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 105 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella longbeachae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leptospira interrogans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:10 Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MERS-coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.0% (19/20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis (genomic DNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria elongata</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 10 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parechovirus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 104 TCID5o/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-Coronavirus (RNA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pooled human nasal fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:1 Dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

\*A lower concentration was tested due to inability to obtain stock material with high titer \*\*Interfernce with Lactobacillus plantarum 17-5 was observed at a concentration above 5 x 105 CFU/mL. ${ } ^ { 1 } { \mathsf { C C U } } =$ Color changing units/milliliter, CFU/mL $=$ Colony forming units/milliliter, $| { \mathsf { F U } } | { \mathsf { m } } | =$ Infectious units/milliliter, $\mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Units/milliliter, $\mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose per milliliter

# CARRY-OVER CONTAMINATION

Amplification carry-over for the Simplexa™ assays has been assessed against existing assays that use the same sample matrices, workflow and specimen type, and therefore no carry-over is anticipated. The study was designed by alternately placing high positive and negative samples on each disc. No evidence of carry-over contamination was observed.

# Conclusion

The analytical and method comparison studies have demonstrated that the Simplexa™ COVID-19 Direct is Substantially Equivalent to the predicate device (K211079). The device labeling is compliant with 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 9 . 1 0$ .