bioMérieux, Inc   
Cherece Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K212243 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST- Gram Positive Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW Dated: July 14, 2021 Received: July 19, 2021

Dear Cherece Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

VITEK 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$   

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K212243</td><td></td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK8 2 AST-Granm Positive Telavancin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and $\mathrm { \Delta V I T E K ^ { \otimes } } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the detennination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Grain Positive Telavancin is a quantitative test. Telavancin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below. according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in vitro and in clinical infections Staphlococcus aureis (including nethicillin-resistant isolates) Enterococcusfaecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only)

The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Gram-positive Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to detennine the susceptibility of Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., and $S _ { \cdot }$ . agalactiae to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to. a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST Gram-Positive Telavancin $( \mathbf { \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 \mu g / m L } )$

A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name:

Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Cherece L. Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8684   
314-731-8689   
July 14, 2021

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST Gram-Positive Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 $ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645 Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System

Product Code(s):

LON, LTT, LTW

Common Name: C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ VITEK® 2 AST- GP Dalbavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K190616)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ when compared to the predicate device, ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-GP Dalbavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K190616), are described in the Table 1 below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin(≤0.015 - ≥1 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Dalbavancin(≤0.015 - ≥1 µg/mL) (K190616)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=6>VITEK ® 2 AST-Gram PositiveTelavancin is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram positive microorganisms and isintended for use with the VITEK ® 2and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems asa laboratory aid in the determinationof in vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDalbavancin is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram positive microorganisms and isintended for use with the VITEK ® 2and VITEK ® 2 Compact Systems as alaboratory aid in the determination ofin vitro susceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveDalbavancin is a quantitative test.Dalbavancin has been shown to beactive against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.Active both in vitro and in clinicalinfectionsStaphylococcus aureus (includingmethicillin-resistant isolates)Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>of in vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2AST-Gram Positive Telavancin is a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>elavancin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>insib a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=6>quantitative test. Telavancin has beenshown to be active against moststrains of the microorganisms listedbelow, according to the FDA labelfor this antimicrobial.Active both in vitro and in clinicalinfectionsStaphylococcus aureus (includingmethicillin-resistant isolates)Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-</td></tr><tr></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \mathbf { \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin(≤0.015 - ≥1 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Dalbavancin(≤0.015 - ≥1 µg/mL) (K190616)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>susceptible isolates only)The VITEK® 2 Gram-positiveSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK ® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>susceptible isolates only)Streptococcus agalactiaeThe VITEK® 2 Gram-positiveSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK ® 2 Systems in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram-Positive (AST-GP)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Algorithms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Growth Pattern Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telavancin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dalbavancin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015, 0.125, 0.25, 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625, 0.125, 0.25, 0.5</td></tr></table>

# F. Indications for Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Positive Telavancin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. $\operatorname { V I T E K } ^ { \circledast } 2$ AST-Gram Positive Telavancin is a quantitative test. Telavancin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in vitro and in clinical infections Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant isolates) Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only)

# VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \mathbf { \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \geq 1 \mu g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

The VITEK® 2 Gram-positive Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., and S. agalactiae to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 ~ \cdot ~ \geq 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] )$ presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin. An external evaluation was conducted with contemporary and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of AST-GP Telavancin by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hours for Staphylococci and Enterococci, 20-24 hours for Streptococci. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin $( \leq 0 . 0 1 5 - \ \geq 1 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GP Telavancin Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Telavancin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EEnterococcusfaecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9(331/368)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9(342/368)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0(0/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1(26/367)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#,EStaphylococcusaureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2(490/520)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8(514/520)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0(0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2(6/520)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Fi ajo errors or Enterococs faeals were within essenal agreent with the eferencemetho; due totheac eohe wabis adjusted to 5.7% which will stillrequire retesting of non-susceptible strains with an alternate method.VITEK 2 AST-Gram Positive Telavancin MIC values tended to be in exact agreement or at least one doublingdilution higher when testing E. faecalis, and S. aureus compared to the LSI reference broth microdilutionmethod.</td></tr></table>

Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.   
3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.