bioMérieux, Inc   
Esther Hernandez   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K212849 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Positive Linezolid $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: September 8, 2021 Received: September 9, 2021

Dear Esther Hernandez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D., D(ABMM), F(AAM)   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-GP Linezolid

# A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Esther Hernandez   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8841   
314-731-8689   
September 03, 2021

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST- Gram Positive Linezolid $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq$ $8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Linezolid

# C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Linezolid (K032766)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK® 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique (3).

Each VITEK® 2 AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { W I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { W I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact has a manual flling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

${ \mathrm { W I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GP Linezolid has the following concentrations in the card: 0.5, 1, and 2 $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { { g } / m L }$ ).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information

The similarities and differences of the VITEK 2 AST-GP Linezolid when compared to the predicate device, VITEK 2 AST-GP Linezolid (K032766), are described in the following table. The only difference between both devices is the change in breakpoints for Staphylococcus species.

Table1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device and PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device: K212849</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K032766</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK 2 AST-GP Linezolid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK 2 AST-GP Linezolid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveLinezolid is designed for antimicrobialsusceptibility testing of Gram positivemicroorganisms and is intended for usewith the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2Compact Systems as a laboratory aid inthe determination of in vitrosusceptibility to antimicrobial agents.VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveLinezolid is a quantitative test.Linezolid has been shown to be activeagainst most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use(s):The VITEK 2 AntimicrobialSusceptibility Test (AST) is intended tobe used with the VITEK 2 System forthe automated quantitative or qualitativesusceptibility testing of isolated coloniesfor most clinically significant aerobicgram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcusspp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcusagalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.The VITEK 2 Gram PositiveSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith theVITEK 2 System in clinical laboratoriesas an in vitro test to determine thesusceptibility of Staphylococcus spp.,Enterococcus spp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used as</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Enterococcus faecium (vancomycin-resistant isolates only)Staphylococcus aureus (includingmethicillin-resistant isolates)Streptococcus agalactiaeIn vitro data are available. but clinicalsignificance is unknown:Enterococcus faecalis (includingvancomycin-resistant isolates)Enterococcus faecium (vancomycin-susceptible isolates)Staphylococcus epidermidis (includingmethicillin-resistant isolates)Staphylococcus haemolyticusThe VITEK® 2 Gram-positiveSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae to antimicrobialagents when used as instructed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">instructed in the Online ProductInformation.Indication(s) for use:The indication will include the testing oflinezolid at concentrations of 0.5, 1, and2 for a calling range of &lt; 0.5 -&gt; 8μg/ml on the VITEK 2 Gram PositiveSusceptibility Card.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimicrobial Agent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linezolid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline suspension of organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gram-positive (AST-GP) SusceptibilityCard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Algorithms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discriminant Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK®2 and VITEK®2 CompactSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5, 1, 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S≤4, I -, R≥8 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Susceptible-only category,</td></tr><tr><td>Breakpoints</td><td></td><td>S ≤ 4 µg/mL</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Linezolid is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Linezolid is a quantitative test. Linezolid has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Enterococcus faecium (vancomycin-resistant isolates only) Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant isolates) Streptococcus agalactiae

In vitro data are available, but clinical significance is unknown:

Enterococcus faecalis (including vancomycin-resistant isolates) Enterococcus faecium (vancomycin-susceptible isolates) Staphylococcus epidermidis (including methicillin-resistant isolates) Staphylococcus haemolyticus

The VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ Gram-positive Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., and S. agalactiae to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Linezolid demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the Agar dilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (Special $5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] )$ presents data in support of ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST- GP Linezolid. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GP Linezolid by comparing its performance with the CLSI agar dilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hours (20-24 hours for Streptococcus agalactiae). The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GP Linezolid $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$ demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GP Linezolid Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>%Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Linezolid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#,EEnterococcusspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(402/403)99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(395/403)98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/8)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/389)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(8/403)2.0%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#,EStaphylococcusspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(379/390)977.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(389/390)99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/11)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/379)0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/390)0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#,EStreptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(64/64)100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(64/64)100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/64)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/64)0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>VITT-MI testing Staphylococcus haemolyticus compared to the CL SI reference agar dilution method.WAof82 9% (29/35) and an CA of97.1% (34/35). There was one major enror (2.9%%, 1/35).</td></tr></table>

Key. $\# =$ US Food and Drug Administration 510(k) cleared $\mathbf { E } =$ External performance data

Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685-687, 1968.   
2.Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL, 1974.   
3.Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.