# June 3, 2022

bioMérieux, Inc.   
Nathan Hardesty   
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K213931 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: December 15, 2021 Received: December 16, 2021

Dear Nathan Hardesty:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Debra Broyles   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8805   
314-731-8689   
July 25, 2021

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 -$ $\geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645 Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Product Code: LON, LTW, LTT

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline $( \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 4$ $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ) (K191766)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathbb { P } } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK® 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

# VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline Traditional 510(k) Submission

Each VITEK® 2 AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ has the following concentrations in the card: 0.5, 2, 8 and $1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ .

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-GN Omadacycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ when compared to the predicate device, VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline $\mathrm { \Phi } \leq 0 . 1 2 - \geq 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } \mathrm { \Phi }$ ), are described in the Table 1 below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeOmadacycline(≤0.25 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GNEravacycline( ≤ 0.12 − ≥ 4 µg/mL)(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeOmadacycline is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram negative bacilli and is intendedfor use with the VITEK® 2 andVITEK® 2 Compact Systems as alaboratory aid in the determination ofin vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2AST-Gram Negative Omadacyclineis a quantitative test.The VITEK® 2 Gram-NegativeSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK ® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitrotest to determine the susceptibility of</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeEravacycline is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testingof Gram negative bacilli and isintended for use with the VITEK®2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systemsas a laboratory aid in thedetermination of in vitrosusceptibility to antimicrobialagents. VITEK® 2 AST-GramNegative Eravacycline is aquantitative test.The VITEK® 2 Gram-NegativeSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK ® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeOmadacycline(≤0.25 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GNEravacycline( ≤ 0.12 − ≥ 4 µg/mL)(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>clinically significant aerobic Gramnegative bacilli to antimicrobialagents when used as instructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>test to determine the susceptibilityof clinically significant aerobicGram negative bacilli toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitativeantimicrobial susceptibility test foruse with the VITEK ® 2 and VITEK®2 Compact Systems to determine thein vitro susceptibility ofmicroorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram Negative (AST-GN)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 and VITEK ® 2 CompactSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AntimicrobialAgent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omadacycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eravacycline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5, 2, 8, 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25, 1, 2, 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Indications for use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Omadacycline has been shown to beactive against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:For ABSSSI:Enterobacter cloacaeKlebsiella pneumoniaeFor CABP:Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eravacycline has been shown to beactive against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Citrobacter freundiiEnterobacter cloacaeEscherichia coliKlebsiella oxytocaKlebsiella pneumoniaeIn vitro data are available, butclinical significance is unknown:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter koseriKlebsiella (Enterobacter)</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device: VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline (≤0.25 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td>Predicate: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Eravacycline ( ≤ 0.12 −≥ 4 µg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Similarities</td><td>(K191766)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>aerogenes</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline in is a quantitative test. Omadacycline has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

For Acute Bacterial Skin and Skin Structure Infections (ABSSSI):   
Enterobacter cloacae   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
For Community Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP):   
Klebsiella pneumoniae

The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-24 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

# Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Omadacycline Performance

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimi-crobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimi-crobialcode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimi-crobialVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Omada-cycline</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>OMC</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>omc01n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABSSSIE. cloacae *K. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9(410/419)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3(395/419)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 **(1/51)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0(0/343)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5(23/419)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CABPK. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0(342/349)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7(327/349)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 **(1/37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0(0/290)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0(21/349)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>* VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Omadacycline MIC values tended to be in exactagreement or at least one doubling dilution higher when testing E. cloacae comparedto the CLSl reference broth microdilution method.** VME was caused by the same K. pneumoniae isolate (tested for both the ABSSSIand CABP indications). Difference in VME rate is a reflection of the different numberof isolates between the indications (CABP and ABSSSl) with the same breakpointsapplied.</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. References: