BioMerieux, Inc.   
Esther Hernandez   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K213241 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole $( < = 0 . 5 \mathrm { - } > = 6 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ), VITEK 2 AST-YS Fluconazole $( < = 0 . 5 \mathrm { - } > = 6 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ), VITEK 2 AST-YS Fluconazole Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: September 29, 2021 Received: September 30, 2021

Dear Esther Hernandez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Device Name

VITEK8 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 6 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK8 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species and is intended for use with the VITEK8 2 and VITEK8 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antifungal agents. VITEK8 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole is a quantitative test. Fluconazole has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antifungal.

# Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Candida albicans Candida parapsilosis Candida tropicalis

The VITEK8 2 Fungal Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the $\mathrm { V I T E K } ^ { \circ } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant yeasts to antifungal agents when used as instructed.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-YS Fluconazole

# A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Esther Hernandez   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8841   
314-731-8689   
September 29, 2021

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 6 4 $ $\mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-YS Fluconazole

# C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole (K133817)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the VITEK® 2 AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK® 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique (3).

Each VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK® 2

System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { W I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact has a manual flling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-YS Fluconazole has the following concentrations in the card: 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, and 64 (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { { g } / m L }$ ).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information

The similarities and differences of the VITEK 2 AST-YS Fluconazole when compared to the predicate device, VITEK 2 AST-YS Fluconazole (K133817), are described in the following table. The only difference between both devices are the Indications for Use and the breakpoints used to analyze the data performance. The below table provides the similarities and differences:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Device:VITEK® 2 AST-YS Fluconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:VITEK® 2 AST-GN Fluconazole(K133817)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazoleis designed for antifungalsusceptibility testing of Candidaspecies and is intended for use withthe VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2Compact Systems as a laboratory aidin the determination of in vitrosusceptibility to antifungal agents.VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazoleis a quantitative test. Fluconazolehas been shown to be active againstmost strains of the microorganismslisted below, according to the FDAlabel for this antifungal.Active in vitro and in clinical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole isdesigned for antifungal susceptibilitytesting of Candida species and is aquantitative test intended for use withthe VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2Compact Systems as a laboratory aidin the determination of in vitrosusceptibility to antifungal agents.VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazolehas been shown to be active againstmost strains of the microorganismslisted below, according to the FDAlabel for this antifungal.Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Candida albicansCandida parapsilosisCandida tropicalisThe following in vitro data areavailable, but their clinicalsignificance is unknown:Candida dubliniensisCandida guilliermondiiCandida lusitaniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">infections:Candida albicansCandida parapsilosisCandida tropicalisThe VITEK® 2 Fungal SusceptibilityCard is intended for use with theVITEK® 2 Systems in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">clinically significant yeasts toantifungal agents when used asinstructed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITEK® 2 AntimicrobialSusceptibility Test (AST) is intended tofor use with the VITEK 2 Systems forthe automated quantitative or qualitativesusceptibility testing of isolated coloniesfor most clinically significant aerobicGram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcusspp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcusspp. and clinical significant yeast.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of yeast.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimicrobial Agent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline suspension of organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 Yeast (AST) SusceptibilityTest Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Algorithms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discriminant Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 and VITEK®2 CompactSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicansCandida parapsilosisCandida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicansCandida parapsilosisCandida tropicalisCandida dubliniensisCandida guilliermondiiCandida lusitaniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Breakpoints for Candidaspp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans: ≤2 (S), 4 (I), ≥8(R)Candida parapsilosis: ≤2 (S), 4 (I),≥8 (R)Candida tropicalis: ≤2 (S), 4 (I), ≥8(R)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida spp.: ≤8 (S), 16-32 (I), ≥64(R)</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Yeast Fluconazole is designed for antifungal susceptibility testing of Candida species and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antifungal agents. ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Yeast Fluconazole is a quantitative test. Fluconazole has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antifungal.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Candida albicans Candida parapsilosis Candida tropicalis

The ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Fungal Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { W I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant yeasts to antifungal agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview:

${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-YS Fluconazole demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class Ⅱ Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (Special $5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] ,$ )presents data in support of ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-YS Fluconazole. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-YS Fluconazole by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 24 hours (or up to 48 hours for isolates that are not growing well at 24 hours). The data is representative of performance on both the ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact instrument platforms.

VITEK® 2 AST-YS Fluconazole demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 6 . 2 \%$ overall Essential Agreement and $9 3 . 7 \%$ overall Category Agreement with the reference method when testing C. albicans, $C .$ parapsilosis, and $C .$ tropicalis.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Anti-microbialCode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntibioticVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bp1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%Repro-ducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Fluconazole</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FLU</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>flu02n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CLSI(FDA)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>#, E,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(425/442)96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(414/442)93.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/26)7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(12/398)3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(14/442)3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>An overall essential agreement rate of 99.1% and an overall categoryagreement rate of 94.5% were observed for Candida parapsilosis whentested with VITEK 2 Fluconazole. Compared to the reference brothmicrodilution, two of 14 results for Candida parapsilosis (one of whichwas in essential agreement) resulted in very major errors.VITEK 2 Fluconazole MIC values tended to be in exact agreement or atleast one doubling dilution higher when testing C. albicans, Cparapsilosis, and C. tropicalis compared to the broth microdilutionreference method.</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. Conclusion:

The performance data presented in this submission support a substantial equivalence decision. VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 6 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ is substantially equivalent to VITEK® 2 AST-Yeast Fluconazole (K133817).

# References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685-687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL, 1974.   
3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.