Becton, Dickinson and Company   
Joseph Basore   
Staff Regulatory Specialist   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, Maryland 21152

Re: K214122 Trade/Device Name: BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel, BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Pan Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCI, PCH, OOI Dated: December 22, 2021 Received: December 30, 2021

Dear Joseph Basore:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Noel J. Gerald, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Bacterial Respiratory and Medical Countermeasures Branch Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K214122

Device Name BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel

Indications for Use (Describe) BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel

The BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel performed on the BD $\mathrm { M A X T M }$ System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection and differentiation of enteric bacterial pathogens. The BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel detects nucleic acids from:

• Salmonella spp.   
• Campylobacter spp. (jejuni and coli)   
• Shigella spp. / Enteroinvasive $E .$ . coli (EIEC)   
• Shiga toxin 1 (stx1) / Shiga toxin 2 $( s t x 2 )$ genes (found in Shiga toxin-producing $E$ . coli [STEC]) as well as Shigella dysenteriae, which can possess a Shiga toxin gene $( s t x )$ that is identical to the stx1 gene of STEC.

Testing is performed on unpreserved soft to diarrheal stool specimens or Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of SpaO, a Campylobacter specific tuf gene sequence, ipaH and $s t x 1 / s t x 2$ . The test utilizes fluorogenic sequence-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Salmonella, Shigella/EIEC, Campylobacter and Shiga toxinproducing $E$ . coli (STEC) infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or noninfectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel

The BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel performed on the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ System, is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection and differentiation of enteric bacterial pathogens. It is used in conjunction with the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel as an optional Master Mix. The BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel detects nucleic acids from:

• Plesiomonas shigelloides   
• Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae)   
• Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) heat-labile enterotoxin (LT)/ heat-stable enterotoxin (ST) genes   
• Yersinia enterocolitica

Testing is performed on unpreserved soft to diarrheal or Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of relevant gene target DNA. The test utilizes fluorogenic genespecific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Plesiomonas shigelloides, Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae) Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) LT/ST and Yersinia enterocolitica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel

# Summary Preparation Date:

12/22/2021

# Submitted by:

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152

# Contact:

Joseph Basore, Ph.D., RAC Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Tel: 616-301-4068 Email: Joseph.Basore@bd.com

# Proprietary Names:

For the instrument:

BD MAX™ System

For the assay:

BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel

# Common Names:

For the instrument:

Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation

For the assay:

Gastrointestinal Bacterial Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System   
Enteric Bacterial Panel   
Enteric Bacterial Nucleic Acid Test   
Enteric Bacterial identification and differentiation system   
Enteric assay   
Enteric test

# Regulatory Information

Regulation section: 21 CFR 866.3990 – Gastrointestinal Bacterial Panel Multiplex Nucleic AcidBased Assay System

Classification: Class II (Special Controls)

Panel: Microbiology (83)

Product Code(s):

PCI Gastrointestinal Bacterial Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System PCH Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System OOI Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System

# Predicate Device

BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel (K140111) BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel (K170308)

# Device Establishment

Becton, Dickinson and Company 7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152   
Registration Number: 1119779

# Performance Standards

Class II Special Controls Guideline: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic AcidBased Assays for Detection and Identification of Microorganisms and Toxin Genes from Human Stool Specimens, November 2, 2015.

# Intended Use

# BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel

The BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel performed on the BD MAX™ System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection and differentiation of enteric bacterial pathogens. The BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel detects nucleic acids from:

Salmonella spp.   
Campylobacter spp. (jejuni and coli)   
Shigella spp. / Enteroinvasive $E$ . coli (EIEC)   
Shiga toxin 1 $( s t x I )$ / Shiga toxin 2 $( s t x 2 )$ genes (found in Shiga toxin-producing E. coli [STEC]) as well as Shigella dysenteriae, which can possess a Shiga toxin gene $( s t x )$ that is identical to the stx1 gene of STEC.

Testing is performed on unpreserved soft to diarrheal stool specimens or Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of SpaO, a Campylobacter specific tuf gene sequence, ipaH and $s t x 1 / s t x 2$ . The test utilizes fluorogenic sequence-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Salmonella, Shigella/EIEC, Campylobacter and Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

# BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel

The BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel performed on the BD MAX™ System, is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection and differentiation of enteric bacterial pathogens. It is used in conjunction with the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel as an optional Master Mix. The BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel detects nucleic acids from

Plesiomonas shigelloides   
Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae)   
Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) heat-labile enterotoxin (LT)/ heat-stable   
enterotoxin (ST) genes   
Yersinia enterocolitica

Testing is performed on unpreserved soft to diarrheal or Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of relevant gene target DNA. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Plesiomonas shigelloides, Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae) Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) LT/ST and Yersinia enterocolitica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

# Special Conditions for Use Statement: For Prescription Use Only

Special Instrument Requirements: BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel are performed on the BD MAX™ System

# Device Description

The BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays along with the BD MAX System are comprised of an instrument with associated hardware and accessories, disposable microfluidic cartridges, master mixes, unitized reagent strips, and extraction reagents. The instrument automates sample preparation including target lysis, DNA extraction and concentration, reagent rehydration, target nucleic acid amplification and detection using real-time PCR. The assay includes a Sample Processing Control (SPC) that is present in the Extraction Tube. The SPC monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances. The BD MAX™ System software automatically interprets test results. For the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel, a test result may be called as POS, NEG or UNR (Unresolved) based on the amplification status of the targets and of the Sample Processing Control. IND (Indeterminate) or INC (Incomplete) results are due to BD MAX™ System failure.

# Test Principle

The BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays are designed for use with unpreserved or Cary-Blair preserved stool samples. Unpreserved samples are placed in a BD MAX sample buffer tube (SBT) with a $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ transfer loop for analysis on the BD Max System. The current Cary-Blair preserved specimen claim utilizes a plastic paddle (scoop) to place a stool sample into $1 5 \mathrm { m l }$ of Cary-Blair media for transport before being placed into a SBT with a $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ transfer loop prior to analysis on the BD Max System.

To use the FecalSwab Collection, Transport, and Preservation System, the operator transfers fecal material from an unpreserved stool specimen to the vial of FecalSwab transport medium using the nylon flocked specimen collection swab. The FecalSwab transport medium tube is filled with 2 ml of a semi-solid modified Cary-Blair medium that is designed to maintain the viability of enteric pathogenic bacteria during transit to the testing laboratory. Last, before analysis on the BD MAX system, samples collected/stored with the FecalSwab system are vortexed and then pipetted $( 5 0 \mu \mathrm { l } )$ into a BD MAX™ sample buffer tube (SBT).

Once specimens (Unpreserved, Cary-Blair, or FecalSwab Cary-Blair) are placed into a BD MAX SBT, the test principles are as described in K140111 and K170308. For all specimen types the SBTs are vortexed and then loaded into the BD MAX system along with the Unitized Reagent Strips, Master Mix, Extraction Tubes, and PCR Cartridges. No further operator intervention is necessary, and the following automated procedures occur. The microbial cells are lysed and DNA is extracted using a combination of lytic and extraction reagents at elevated temperatures. Nucleic acids released from the target organisms are captured on magnetic affinity beads. The beads, together with the bound nucleic acids, are washed and the nucleic acids are eluted by a combination of heat and pH. Eluted DNA is neutralized and transferred to the Master Mix Tube to rehydrate the PCR reagents. After reconstitution, the BD MAX System dispenses a fixed volume of PCR-ready solution containing the extracted nucleic acids into the PCR Cartridge. Microvalves in the cartridge are sealed by the system prior to initiating PCR in order to contain the amplification mixture and thus prevent evaporation and contamination.

The amplified DNA targets are detected using hydrolysis (TaqMan $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ) probes, labeled at one end with a fluorescent reporter dye (fluorophore), and at the other end, with a quencher moiety. Probes labeled with different fluorophores are used to detect the target analytes in different optical channels of the BD MAX System. The probes are used to detect amplicons for enteric bacterial targets and the Sample Processing Control in five different optical channels of the BD MAX System. When the probes are in their native state, the fluorescence of the fluorophore is quenched due to its proximity to the quencher. However, in the presence of target DNA, the probes hybridize to their complementary sequences and are hydrolyzed by the $5 ' - 3 '$ exonuclease activity of the DNA polymerase as it synthesizes the nascent strand along the DNA template. As a result, the fluorophores are separated from the quencher molecules and fluorescence is emitted. The amount of fluorescence detected in the optical channels used for the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays are directly proportional to the quantity of the corresponding probe that is hydrolyzed. The BD MAX System monitors these signals at each cycle of the PCR and interprets the data at the end of the reaction to provide qualitative test results for each analyte (i.e., positive or negative). The assay includes a Sample Processing Control, which monitors the integrity of the reagents as well as the process steps involved in DNA extraction, amplification and detection, and checks for the presence of potential assay inhibitor.

# Substantial Equivalence1

Table 1 and Table 2 provides the similarities and differences between the submitted device and the legally marketed predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison of BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Item Predicate - BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel (K140111)</td><td rowspan="2">Submitted Device - BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel with FecalSwab Collection, Preservation, and Transport System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel performed on the BD MAXTM System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection and differentiation of enteric bacterial pathogens. The BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel detects nucleic acids from:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Intended Use</td><td>Salmonella spp. Campylobacter spp. (jejuni and coli) Shigella spp. / Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC) • Shiga toxin 1 (stx1) / Shiga toxin 2 (stx2) genes (found in Shiga toxin-producing E. coli [STEC]) as well as Shigella dysenteriae, which can possess a Shiga toxin gene</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(stx) that is identical to the stxl gene of STEC. Testing is performed on unpreserved soft to diarrheal stool specimens or Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of SpaO, a Campylobacter specific tuf gene sequence, ipaH and stx1/stx2. The test utilizes fluorogenic sequence-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>DNA. This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Salmonella, Shigella/EIEC, Campylobacter and Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis,</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co- infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn&#x27;s disease.</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel (K140111)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitted Device - BD MAXTMEnteric Bacterial Panel withFecalSwab Collection,Preservation, and TransportSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.Campylobacter spp. (jejuni and coli)Shigella spp. / Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC)Shiga toxin 1 (stx1) / Shiga toxin 2 (stx2) genes (found in Shiga toxin-producing E.coli [STEC]) as well as Shigella dysenteriae, which can possess a Shiga toxin gene(stx) that is identical to the stxl gene of STEC.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved stool or Cary-Blair preserved stool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: PCRDetection: Fluorogenic target-specific hybridization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presence oftuf gene specific for CampylobacterSpaO gene specific for SalmonellaipaH gene specific for Shigella• stxla and stx2a genes specific to Shiga-toxin producing organisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation of TestResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated (BD MAXTM System diagnostic software)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAXTM System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by the BD MAXTM System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Probes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaqMan® Probe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing Control (SPC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair BufferFormulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-Sodium Chloride-Calcium Chloride-Phosphate Buffer-Thioglycolic Acid Sodium Salt-Phenol Red-Agar-Water</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-Chloride salts-Sodium salts-Phosphate buffer-L-Cysteine-Agar-Water</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary-Blair BufferContainer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled 15 ml of media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled2 ml of media</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel (K140111)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitted Device - BD MAXTMEnteric Bacterial Panel withFecalSwab Collection,Preservation, and TransportSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen TransferTool (unpreserved toCary-Blair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic Paddle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flocked Swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Method toSBT Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 μL Transport Loop</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL Pipette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterility ofFecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, Irradiation (FecalSwab)</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Comparison of BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate - BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel (K170308)</td><td>Proposed - BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel with FecalSwab Collection, Preservation, and Transport System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Intended Use</td><td>The BD MAXTM Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel performed on the BD MAXTM System, is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection and differentiation of enteric bacterial pathogens. It is used in conjunction with the BD MAXTM Enteric Bacterial Panel as an optional Master Mix. The BD MAXTM Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel detects nucleic acids from</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plesiomonas shigelloides • Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae) • Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) heat-labile enterotoxin (LT)/ heat-stable enterotoxin (ST) genes •Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Testing is performed on unpreserved soft to diarrheal or Cary-Blair preserved stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected acute gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of relevant gene target DNA. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified DNA.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Plesiomonas shigelloides, Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae) Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) LT/ST and Yersinia enterocolitica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel (K170308)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed - BD MAX ExtendedEnteric Bacterial Panel withFecalSwab Collection,Preservation, and TransportSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such asulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organisms Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plesiomonas shigelloides• Vibrio (V. vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus, and V. cholerae)• Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) heat-labile enterotoxin (LT)/ heat-stableenterotoxin (ST) genesYersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved stool or Cary-Blair preserved stool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification: PCRDetection: Fluorogenic target-specific hybridization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode of Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presence ofUndefined gene suspected to be implicated in Fe3* transport for PlesiomonasshigelloidesatpA gene specific for VibrioeltA gene specific for Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli• invA gene for Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation of TestResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated (BD MAXTM System diagnostic software)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MAXTM System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated by the BD MAXTM System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TaqMan® Probe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing Control (SPC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cary-Blair BufferFormulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium ChlorideCalcium ChloridePhosphate BufferThioglycolic Acid Sodium SaltPheenol RedAgarWater</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Chloride salts-Sodium salts-Phosphate buffer-L-Cysteine-Agar-Water</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cary-Blair BufferContainer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled 15 ml of media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled 2ml of media</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transfer Tool</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic Paddle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nylon Flocked Swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Method toSBT Tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Loop</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterility ofFecalSwab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, Irradiation (FecalSwab)</td></tr></table>

# Performance Evaluation

Four studies were conducted to demonstrate the substantial equivalence between the current predicate specimen collection (Cary-Blair) and the additional specimen collection (FecalSwab) for use in the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays:

• Confirmation of equivalent analytical sensitivity with the Copan FecalSwab™ preserved stool specimen (FecalSwab) compared to the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel from a CaryBlair Para-Pak $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ stool sample was performed by the limiting dilution LoD model. Acceptable performance was demonstrated when the detection break points between the FecalSwab and Cary-Blair Para-Pak $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ specimen types were within one five-fold dilution of each other. Break point is defined as the highest concentration where the positivity rate is ${ < } 9 5 \%$ $( < 2 3 / 2 4 )$ . To achieve this comparison, a negative stool pool was prepared and divided into five aliquots, to which serially diluted multiplex organism mix was added. The organism mix contained a representative strain for each of the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel targets. The organism mixes contain one species from all claimed genera.

For the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel the organism mix was prepared by combining the following targets in PBS: Salmonella typhimurium (ATCC 14028), Shigella sonnei (ATCC 9290), Campylobacter jejuni (ATCC 43429), and Escherichia coli stx1 (ATCC 43890). For the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel the organism mix was prepared by combining the following targets in PBS: Plesiomonas shigelloides (ATCC 14029), V. parahaemolyticus (ATCC 178020), Y. enterocolitica (ATCC 9610), and Escherichia coli ETEC (ATCC 35401). The diluted BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel mixtures were spiked into aliquots of the stool pool. Three separate lots of FecalSwabs and one lot of scaled volume Cary-Blair were inoculated with each of the serially diluted stool samples. A $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ arland turbidity suspension was prepared for each organism. This suspension was diluted in PBS to create concentration 1 (Conc 1). Five additional concentrations (Conc 2-6) were prepared by performing 5-fold serial dilutions from Conc 1.

Limiting dilutions of specimens for each organism prepared using the FecalSwab™ and Para- $\mathrm { P a k } ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ exhibited drop-out rates at similar levels when tested with the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel Assays on the BD MAX™ System. All FecalSwab™ break points were within one five-fold concentration when compared to Para$\mathrm { P a k } @$ (Table 3). There was no indication that the FecalSwab™ collection device negatively impacted the analytical sensitivity of the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel or BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel.

Table 3: Number of Positive Samples for the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Enteric Bacterial Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>S. typhimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>E. coli stx1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>C. jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>S. sonnei</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CollectionType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extend</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ed Enteric Bacte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>P. shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Y. enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>V. parahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>E. coli ETC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CollectionType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabTM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwabT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-Pak®</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conc 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td></tr></table>

\*One non-reportable sample was not retested, and 23 replicates were accepted for the highest concentration.

Specimen Stability of stool specimen collected with the FecalSwab was tested against all target organisms. The results showed that specimen stability of FecalSwab meets the current BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assay stability claims. For each organism tested across both the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays, a detection $\ge 9 5 \%$ occurred at all the target stability time points claimed in the package insert. Therefore, stool preserved with FecalSwab can be stored for 24 hours (1 days) at $2 5 \pm 2 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and 120 hours (5 days) at $2 - 8 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } _ { \mathrm { \scriptscriptstyle ~ \mathscr ~ { ~ - ~ } ~ } }$ , and sample buffer tube inoculated with FecalSwab specimen can be stored for 48 hours (2 days) at $2 5 \pm 2 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and 120 hours (5 days) at $2 - 8 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

A user variability study was performed using the FecalSwab since there are differences in workflow (unpreserved sample to preservation media to SBT) between the FecalSwab and Cary-Blair Para-Pak $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ specimen collection. The data demonstrate that expected assay results are obtained when FecalSwab stool specimens were prepared by multiple users and shows that the difference in workflow between Cary-Blair Para-Pak $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ and FecalSwab specimen collection has no effect on the ability of the user to place the sample into the SBT for the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays.

The user variability study was performed to confirm that the preparation of the FecalSwab™ by different users does not induce variability in the expected results for the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assays. Six (6) different users prepared two (2) different FecalSwab™ specimens from each of the five (5) panel members provided (one (1) negative panel member, three (3) low-positive panel members, and one (1)

moderate-positive panel member;). Once the FecalSwab™ specimens were prepared by various users, all subsequent steps, including the transfer to SBTs from each FecalSwab™, were performed by a single experienced BD MAX™ user. Campylobacter jejuni was used for BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel assay because it is the most prevalent Enteric Bacterial Panel target and has the lowest LoD from Enteric Bacterial Panel targets. ETEC ST/LT was used for BD ${ \bf M A X T M }$ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel assay because it is the most prevalent Extended Enteric Bacterial target and has the second lowest LoD from Extended Enteric Bacterial targets.

Acceptance criteria were: $100 \%$ negative results for the twelve (12) negative samples, $2 9 5 \%$ positive results for the thirty-six (36) low-positive samples, and $100 \%$ positive for the twelve (12) moderate-positive samples. All conditions met acceptance criteria (Table 4)

Table 4. Acceptance criteria for user variability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Campylobacterjejuni andETEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate-Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% POS</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low-Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥95% POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativesamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% NEG</td></tr></table>

Results met all acceptance criteria. The data demonstrate that expected assay results are obtained when the FecalSwab™ fecal specimens were prepared by multiple users.

The performance of the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System when tested with the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel was evaluated in a comparison study by comparing the results obtained for specimens using Cary-Blair Para-Pak $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ preserved stool samples to those using the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System. Both the BD FecalSwab™ and Copan FecalSwab™ are identical other than branding and were incorporated into the performance evaluation. Unpreserved stool samples were collected from pediatric and adult patients suspected of acute bacterial gastroenteritis, enteritis, or colitis from eight (8) geographically diverse clinical centers where specimens were collected as part of routine patient care. At these locations, the fresh, unpreserved stool samples were transferred into both Cary-Blair Para-Pak $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ collection vials and BD FecalSwab™ devices. All samples were subsequently shipped to a centralized testing laboratory and tested with the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial panel. A total of 621 prospective specimens and 295 retrospective specimens were enrolled in the clinical evaluation where three (3) prospective samples were excluded from the data analysis due to subject exclusion criteria. Table 5 describes the 913 (618 prospective and 295 retrospective) compliant specimens enrolled by patient age, sex, and specimen type. Sixteen (16) additional prospective samples were excluded from the data analysis due to specimen or instrument level exclusion criteria. The final data analysis included 897 compliant subjects for Campylobacter, Salmonella, Shigella spp. / Enteroinvasive $E$ . coli (EIEC), Shiga toxin producing $E$ . coli (STEC), Plesiomonas shigelloides, Vibrio ( $V .$ . vulnificus, V. parahaemolyticus V. cholerae), Enterotoxigenic $E$ . coli (ETEC) LT/ST, and Yersinia enterocolitica targets.

Table 5: Compliant Clinical Trial Enrollment Summary by Age, Sex, and Specimen Type   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Age inyears (SD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median Agein years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min Agein years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max Agein years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex of Total N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveTotal N = 618</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>47.1 (22.4)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>49.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male: 44.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Age: 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female: 55.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Known Age: 618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown: 0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RetrospectiveTotal N = 295</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>37.2 (20.8)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male: 30.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Age: 149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female: 24.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Known Age: 146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown: 45.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OverallTotal N = 913</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>45.2 (22.4)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>47.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male: 40.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Age: 149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female: 45.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Known Age: 764</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown: 14.7%</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 8 \%$ of the Campylobacter spp. prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 7 . 1 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 6).

Table 6: Campylobacter spp. PPA and NPA of the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Campylobacter spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>585</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>585</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (70.1%, 100.0%)NPA: 99.8% (99.0%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (95.8%, 100.0%)NPA: 97.1% (93.8%, 98.7%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the Salmonella spp. prospective positive and negative specimens, and $9 3 . 3 \%$ and $9 5 . 9 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 7).

Table 7: Salmonella spp. PPA and NPA of the BD $\mathbf { M A X ^ { T M } }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (51.0%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (99.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 93.3% (85.3%, 97.1%)NPA: 95.9% (92.4%, 97.8%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $100 \%$ of the Shigella spp. prospective positive and negative specimens, and $9 8 . 1 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 8).

Table 8: Shigella spp. PPA and NPA of the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Shigella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (64.6%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (99.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 98.1% (90.1%, 99.7%)NPA: 99.6% (97.7%, 99.9%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 5 \%$ of the stx1/stx2 (STX) prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $9 2 . 9 \%$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 9.

Table 9: stx1/stx2 (STX) PPA and NPA of the BD $\mathbf { M A X ^ { T M } }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>STX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>591</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (20.7%, 100.0%)NPA: 99.5% (98.5%, 99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 92.9% (68.5%, 98.7%)NPA: 100.0% (98.7%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

In addition, due to the small number of stx1/stx2 (STX) positive specimens in the study, contrived specimens were evaluated. The BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System on the BD MAX™ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $100 \%$ of the stx1/stx2 (STX) contrived positive and negative specimens, when compared to expected results (Table 10).

Table 10: STX Contrived FecalSwab™ Specimen Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD ${ \bf M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 0 \%$ of the Plesiomonas shigelloides prospective positive and negative specimens, respectively, and $3 3 . 3 \%$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 11).

Table 11: Plesiomonas shigelloides PPA and NPA of the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to CaryBlair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>−Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>586</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (34.2%, 100.0%)NPA: 99.0% (97.8%, 99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 33.3% (6.1%, 79.2%)NPA: 100.0% (98.7%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD ${ \bf M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $9 9 . 7 \%$ of the Vibrio spp. prospective negative specimens (zero prospective positives specimens were analyzed), and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens (Table 12).

Table 12: Vibrio spp. PPA and NPA of the BD $\mathbf { M A X ^ { T M } }$ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Vibrio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: Not AvailableNPA: 99.7% (98.8%, 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (51.0%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (98.7%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the ETEC prospective positive and negative specimens, and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 6 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 13).

Table 13: ETEC PPA and NPA of the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ETEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>e Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (34.2%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (99.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (78.5% 100.0%)NPA: 99.6% (98.0%, 99.9%)</td></tr></table>

For the BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System, the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the Yersinia enterocolitica prospective negative specimens (zero prospective positive specimens were analyzed), and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 0 \%$ of the retrospective positive and negative specimens, respectively (Table 14).

Table 14: Yersinia enterocolitica PPA and NPA of the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel - FecalSwab™ Compared to Cary-Blair   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Cary-Blair</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 0.0% (0.0%, 79.3%)NPA: 100.0% (99.4%, 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (51.0%, 100.0%)NPA: 99.0% (97.0%, 99.6%)</td></tr></table>

Additional contrived specimens were evaluated due to low prevalence of the targets in the study. The BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System on the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the Plesiomonas shigelloides contrived positive and negative specimens, when compared to expected results (Table 15).

Table 15: Plesiomonas shigelloides Contrived FecalSwab™ Specimen Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonasshigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

The BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System on the BD MAX™ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $9 8 . 1 \%$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the positive and negative Vibrio contrived positive and negative specimens, respectively, when compared to expected results (Table 16).

Table 16: Vibrio Contrived FecalSwab™ Specimen Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio ssp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 98.1% (90.1%, 99.7%)NPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

The BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System on the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the ETEC contrived positive and negative specimens, when compared to expected results (Table 17).

Table 17: ETEC Contrived FecalSwab™ Specimen Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ETEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)NPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

The BD FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport and Preservation System on the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel identified $9 8 . 1 \%$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ of the positive and negative Yersinia enterocolitica contrived positive and negative specimens, respectively, when compared to expected results (Table 18).

Table 18: Yersinia enterocolitica Contrived FecalSwab™ Specimen Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersiniaenterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Expected Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PPA: 98.1% (90.1%, 99.7%)NPA: 100.0% (93.2%, 100.0%)</td></tr></table>