# December 16, 2022

Copan Italia S.p.A.   
Elisabetta Zanella   
Chief Regulatory Officer via F. Perotti 10   
Brescia, 25125   
Italy

Re: K220052 Trade/Device Name: Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport culture medium Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JSM Dated: December 31, 2021 Received: January 6, 2022

Dear Elisabetta Zanella:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM) Branch Chief Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220052

Device Name Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K SUMMARY

# Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System Migration to BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel (EBP) & BD MAX Extended Bacterial Panel (xEBP)

1. General Information

# Applicant/Sponsor:

COPAN ITALIA SpA Via F. Perotti 10 25125 Brescia, Italy Tel. $+ 3 9$ 030 2687212

# Contact Person(s):

Ms. Vanessa Bonomi Ms. Elisabetta Zanella

Tel. $+ 3 9$ 030 2687212 Email: regulatory.affairs@copangroup.com

Summary Prepared Date: $3 1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ December 2021

# 2. Device

Trade Name:

Common Name:   
Classification Name:   
Classification Panel:   
Classification Regulation:   
Product Code:   
Class:   
Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation   
System   
Collection and Transport Device   
Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport   
Microbiology   
21 CFR 866.2390   
JSM, LIO   
Class I

# 3. Predicate Device

Predicate device name (s): Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System – K142094

# 4. Device Description

The FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System (Copan FecalSwab) is supplied in a collection kit format. Each collection kit consists of a package containing a plastic tube filled with $2 \mathrm { m L }$ of FecalSwab transport and preservation medium and a specimen collection flocked swab intended both for rectal and stool specimen collection. In the laboratory, rectal and stool specimen are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for culture.

The FecalSwab transport and preservation medium is a maintenance medium comprised of: Chloride salts, Sodium salts, Phosphate buffer, L-Cysteine and Agar. The medium is designed to maintain the viability of enteric pathogenic bacteria during transit to the testing laboratory

The Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System was previously cleared (K142094) for the collection of rectal swab and fecal specimens and to preserve the viability of enteric pathogenic bacteria during transport from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, FecalSwab specimen are intended be processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for culture but is not cleared for use with downstream molecular assays. The FecalSwab has been demonstrated to be suitable for testing samples with the BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel (EBP) and BD MAX Extended Bacterial Panel (xEBP).

# 5. Indications for use

The Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System is intended for collection and preservation of viable enteric pathogenic bacteria from rectal swabs and stool specimens during transport from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, FecalSwab specimens are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for culture. Stool specimens collected with the Copan FecalSwab are also suitable for use with the BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel and the BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel.

Special conditions for use statement(s): For prescription use only

Special Instrument Requirements:   
The BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel and BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel are for use on the BD MAX System.

# 6. Comparison with predicate

The Copan FecalSwab System is substantially equivalent to the predicate specimen collection and transport device. The Copan Fecal Swab System and the predicate device are similar in intended use and overall function.

Comparison table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device: K220052</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K142094</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan FecalSwab Collection,Transport and PreservationSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan FecalSwabCollection, Transport andPreservation System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan FecalSwab is aCollection, Transport andPreservation System suppliedin a collection kit format.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan FecalSwab is aCollection, Transport andPreservation Systemsupplied in a collection kitformat.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use;Collection Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Copan FecalSwabCollection, Transport andPreservation System is intendedfor collection and preservationof viable enteric pathogenicbacteria from rectal swabs andstool specimens duringtransport from the collectionsite to the testing laboratory forstandard culture procedures.Stool specimens collected withthe Copan FecalSwab are alsosuitable for use with the BDMAX Enteric Bacterial Paneland the BD MAX ExtendedBacterial Panel.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Copan FecalSwabCollection, Transport andPreservation System isintended for the collectionof rectal swab and fecalspecimens and to preservethe viability of entericpathogenic bacteria duringtransport from the collectionsite to the testing laboratory.In the laboratory, FecalSwabspecimens are processedusing standard clinicallaboratory operatingprocedures for culture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stool specimen, rectalspecimenNote: The scope of thisclearance does not intend toseek claims for use of rectalspecimens with the BD MAXEBP and xEBP Assays.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganismssupported</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enteric pathogenic bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polypropylene conical bottomvial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductConfiguration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium in vial &amp; cap Systemincluding Medium and swab inpeel pouch option.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH of Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.90 - 7.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Shaft</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab Tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flocked nylon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloride saltsSodium saltsPhosphate bufferL-CysteineAgarDistilled water</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSM, LIO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Claimed instrumentplatforms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD MAX Enteric BacterialPanel and the BD MAXExtended Enteric BacterialPanel.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">List of claimedorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coliEscherichia coli O157:H7Salmonella typhimuriumShigella sonneiCampylobacter jejuniYersinia enterocoliticaVibrio parahaemolyticusEnterococcus faecalisVancomycin resistant (VRE)Clostridium difficilePlesiomonas shigelloides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coliEscherichia coli O157:H7Salmonella typhimuriumShigella sonneiCampylobacter jejuniYersinia enterocoliticaVibrio parahaemolyticusEnterococcus faecalisVancomycin resistant (VRE)Clostridium difficile</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Testing

Studies were conducted to evaluate the performance characteristics of the Copan FecalSwab System components as well as the complete FecalSwab collection kit formats.

The LoD study using the Copan FecalSwab indicated that the FecalSwab Collection device did not influence the LoD of the BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel or BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel.The pooled negative clinical stool matrix was pre-tested with an FDA cleared assay for each target organism and determined to be negative prior to use. The stool matrix was used as a negative sample or was spiked to generate positive samples with the following organisms: Salmonella typhimurium, ATCC 14028; Escherichia coli STX1, ATCC 43890; Campylobacter jejuni, ATCC 43429 and Shigella sonnei, ATCC 9290. A 0.5 McFarland standard was made for each organism and further diluted. The 0.5 McFarland was confirmed with culture to determine the CFU/mL concentration, each organism was then serially diluted down to the LoD. The LoD is reported in CFU/mL.

$1 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ each of the inoculated stool samples was used to spike 12 tubes of the FecalSwab transport medium according to the IFU. After inoculation, $5 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of each inoculated FecalSwab tube specimens were transferred into a total of 24 BD MAX sample buffer tubes (SBTs) in parallel according to the manufacturer’s instructions for BD MAX assays. This procedure was repeated for each dilution and mix. The external controls were processed and tested as described in the BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP IFUs. The LoD is the concentration at which $> 9 5 \%$ of the sample tested positive. Table 1 and 2 include the LoD concentrations of organisms in $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ when FecalSwab specimens were tested with the BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP.

Table 1: Limit of Detection Concentrations (CFU/mL) for FecalSwab specimens tested with BD MAX Enteric Bacterial Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimentype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalmonellatyphimuriumATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coliSTX1ATCC 43890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CampylobacterjejniATCC 43429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonneiATCC 9290</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.16E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74E+05</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Limit of Detection Concentrations $\mathrm { ( C F U / m L ) }$ ) for FecalSwab specimens tested with BD MAX Extended Enteric Bacterial Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlesiomonasshigelloidesATCC 14029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YersiniaenterocoliticaATCC 9610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VibrioparahaemolyticusATCC 17802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coliETECATCC 35401</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FecalSwab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.94E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.12E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23E+05</td></tr></table>

For each organism tested across both the BD MAX enteric bacterial panel and extended bacterial panel, an LoD was identified. These results support that the FecalSwab has equivalent analytical performance to raw stool when used with BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP cleared devices.

# Bacterial Recovery (Viability)

Bacterial Recovery (Viability) Studies in the original clearance for the Copan fecal swab (K142094) did not include Plesiomonas shigelloides (P. shigelloides) (ATCC 14029) as a claimed organism. $P .$ . shigelloides is a claimed organism on the BD MAX EBP and xEBP panel and as a result $P$ . shigelloides is added to the claimed organisms for the subject

device. All other organisms claimed on the BD MAX EBP and xEBP panel have been previously validated with viability studies using the subject device (K142094). Recovery studies for P. shigelloides to evaluate viability using the FecalSwab to maintain viability were performed using the roll plate method and the swab elution method. The acceptance criteria for both methods were that, for cultures from transport medium tubes held at both $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , they must remain within 2 log10 of the initial microorganism concentration (time point 0). All data demonstrated the ability of the FecalSwab to maintain viability of bacteria under the claimed conditions of use (table 3 and 4).

Table 3: Summary of Plesiomonas shigelloides Recovery Study (Swab Elution Method)   
Table 4: Summary of Plesiomonas shigelloides Recovery Study (Roll Plate Method)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Average CFU recovered from three lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HoldingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=6h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=72h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=48/72hrs. Logreduction(-)or Logincrease(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.26E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.01E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.95E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Average CFU recovered from three lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HoldingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=6h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=24h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=48h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=72h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T=48/72 hrs.Log reduction(-)or Log increase(+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83E+02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09E+03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Storage Stability

Nucleic acid storage and stability was evaluated for specimens stored in the FecalSwab collection device under the same storage conditions claimed in BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP clearance when using preserved stool specimens. The original clearance for BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP was $2 5 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 hrs or $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 5 days prior to testing. A study was conducted to test the previously cleared stability claims of $2 5 \pm 2 ^ { \mathrm { { o } } } \mathrm { { C } }$ for 24 hrs or $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 5 days, using the subject transport device. Studies included a nested stability testing to show that specimens stored in FecalSwab medium at the described conditions (i.e., Day 1: 24 hours in FecalSwab at $2 5 { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , Day 3: 24 hours in FecalSwab at $2 5 { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + 4 8$ hours at $2 5 { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in SBT, Day 6: 24 hours in FecalSwab at $2 5 { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } { + } 5$ days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in SBT, Day 5: 5 days in FecalSwab at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , Day 7: 5 days in FecalSwab at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } C + 4 8$ hours at $2 5 { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in SBT, and Day 10: 5 days in FecalSwab at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } + 5$ days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in SBT) continued to be stable at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 120 hours (5 days) or at $2 5 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 48 hours. The study included four panels consisting of two different organisms mixed into each panel. Each panel used clinical matrix and was contrived at a concentration of $2 \textbf { x }$ LoD (Table 5). The acceptance criteria for the Fecalswab were a minimum of $9 5 \%$ detection for all targets at 2- $8 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ for up to 120 hours (5 days) or at $2 5 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for up to 48 hours when SBT was used as described above in parentheses and results showed that each organism tested for both BD MAX EBP and xEBP h $a d \geq 9 5 \%$ detection at all the target storage stability time points claimed in the package insert (as shown in Table 6).

Table 5: Specimen Stability Multiplex Organism Mix Compositions and Organisms Concentration in SBT during the test Expressed in Colony Forming Units $\mathrm { ( C F U / m L ) }$ ).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PANEL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ORGANISMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFUs/mL inSBT (LoD)from the PI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFUs/mL inSBT (2XLoD)from the PI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Actual 2XLoDconcentration of eachstrain in CFUs/mLSBT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAX EBPmultiplex mix #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAX EBPmultiplex mix #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli STX1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonellatyphimurium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAX xEBPmultiplex mix #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>576</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ETEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BD MAX xEBPmultiplex mix #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrioparahaemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>396</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonasshigelloides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>329</td></tr></table>

Table 6: Summary of FecalSwab specimen storage stability results with BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FecalSwab 25±2°C nested to SBTat 2-8°C and 25±2°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>FecalSwab 2-8°C nested to SBTat 2-8°C and 25±2°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>№^° positivereplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>№^o positivereplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloidesATCC 14029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticusATCC 17802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

December 2021   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ATCC 9610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Escherichia coli ETECATCC 35401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuniATCC 43429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Shigella sonneiATCC 9290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Escherichia coli STX1ATCC 43890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Salmonella typhimuriumATCC 14028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# PCR Interfering Substances

Exogenous interfering substance studies were conducted in the original BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP clearance. An additional interference study was conducted to assess the contents of the Copan FecalSwab Collection, Transport and Preservation System using the sample processing control (SPC) that is included with BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP assays. The SPC target is intended to monitor the presence of potential inhibitory substances in each reaction. In this case, the swabs were left inside the transport device tubes for the duration of the incubation period and amplification of the sample processing control (SPC) target was successful at every stability time point tested. The results indicate that there was no interference or inhibition in any of the component of the FecalSwab collection, transport, and preservation system. The SPC monitors DNA extraction, thermal cycling, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances. Results of tests are shown in table 7.

Table 7: PCR Interfering Substance SPC Results from FecalSwab Specimen Storage Stability Studies.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimenstoragecondition inFecalSwab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimenstoragecondition inSBT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalDays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Numberofreplicatestested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofreplicatesprovidingamplification forSPC target</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48/48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Day at 25±2°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Days at 25±2°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Day at 25±2°C 2 Days at 25±2°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Day at 25±2°C 2 Days at 25±2°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Day at 25±2°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 Days at 25±2°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Day at 25±2°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Day at 25±2°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Days at 25±2°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 Days at 25±2°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 Days at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 Days at 2-8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr></table>

# Microbial cross-reactivity

Microbial cross-reactivity studies were conducted in the original BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP clearance. No modifications were made to the BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP assay design, reagents, workflow, algorithm, or interpretation of results when the FecalSwab preserved stool specimens are used in combination with BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP. Data indicates that the use of the FecalSwab to collect, transport and preserve stool specimens does not have any effect on the BD MAX EBP and BD MAX xEBP instruments or have any effect on signal overlap. As a result, not additional cross reactivity studies were conducted.

# 8. Summary of Clinical Testing as Basis for Substantial Equivalence

No clinical testing was conducted to support this submission

# 9. Conclusions Drawn from Non-Clinical Tests

The similarities in the intended use, operational characteristics, and functional technological characteristics between the Copan FecalSwab system and the predicate led to a conclusion of substantial equivalence between the Copan FecalSwab and predicate device.