Roche Diagnostics   
Cynthia Aker   
Regulatory Affairs Principal   
9115 Hague Road   
PO Box 50416   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

Re: K220924 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys HSV-2 IgG (08948887160) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3305 Regulation Name: Herpes simplex virus serological assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MYF Dated: March 29, 2022 Received: March 31, 2022

Dear Cynthia Aker:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Maria Garcia, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Submission Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td></tr><tr><td>Elecsys HSV-2 IgG (08948887160)</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

<table><tr><td>Immunoassay for the in vitro qualitative determination of IgG class antibodies to HSV-2 in human serum and lithium-heparin plasma, K2-EDTA plasma, and K3-EDTA plasma. The test is intended for sexuall activ individuals and expectant mothers as an aid in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV-2 infection. The test reumay no detemie he tatactiv esinsassociatiseasmanistations, particulao primary infection. The predictive value of positive or negative results depends on the population&#x27;s prevalence and the pretest likelihood of HSV-2. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

<table><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Summary Prepared on: 2022-09-26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contact Details</td><td>21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Applicant Name Applicant Address Applicant Contact Telephone</td><td colspan="2">Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">9115 Hague Road PO Box 50416 Indianapolis IN 46250 United States</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">1-463-336-2138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Mrs. Cynthia Aker</td></tr><tr><td>cynthia.aker@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td>21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="6">Device Trade Name Common Name Classification Name Regulation Number</td><td>Elecsys HSV-2 IgG (08948887160)</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Herpes simplex virus serological assays</td></tr><tr><td>Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay, Herpes Simplex Virus, Hsv-2</td></tr><tr><td>866.3305</td></tr><tr><td>MYF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Product Code Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Predicate # Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed frst) Product Code</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">K121895 Elecsys HSV-2 IgG MYF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>V  infection. It is intended for use on the cobas e immunoassay analyzers. product of the sample with the signal of the cutof value previously obtained by calibration.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use/Indications for Use 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> K-EDT    prevalence and the pretest likelihood of HSV-2.Theelectrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on cobas e immunoassay analyzers.This test is not FDA-cleared for screening blood or plasma donors.   for use at point-of-care facilities.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use Comparison                                              21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H .associated disease manifestations, particularly for primary infection."The indications for use of the Elecsys HSV-2 IgG did not change from the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technological Comparison                                                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/ Premarket Notification supports a substantial equivalent decision.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary &amp; Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)</td></tr></table>