bioMerieux, Inc   
Cherece Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K220803 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Positive Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m l } )$ , VITEK 2 ASTGP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ), VITEK 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW Dated: March 17, 2022 Received: March 18, 2022

Dear Cherece Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK\* 2 AST-Gram Positive Moxifloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Grain positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the detenrination ofin vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Grain Positive Moxifloxacin is a quantitative test. Moxifloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below. according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in virro and in clinical infections:   
Enterococcusfaecalis   
Staphyilococcus aureis

hI vitro data are available. but their clinical sianificance is unknown: Staphlococcus epidermidis

The $\mathrm { \nabla { U T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Gram-positive Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the $\mathrm { \nabla { U T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to detennine the susceptibility of Staphylococcus spp.. Enterococcus spp.. and $S$ . agalactiae to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to. a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST Gram-Positive Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Cherece L. Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8684   
314-731-8689   
March 16, 2022

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST Gram-Positive Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 $ $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$

Classification Name:

Product Code(s):

Common Name: C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ VITEK® 2 AST- GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K032399)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathbb { P } } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ is substantially equivalent to VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 ~ - ~ \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K032399). A summary of the similarities and differences of the VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) and VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K032399) are provided in Table 1 below:

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device andPredicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin(≤0.25 - ≥8 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin(≤0.25 - ≥8 µg/mL) (K032399)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGllowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram PositiveMoxifloxacin is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofGram positive microorganisms and isintended for use with the VITEK ® 2and VITEK ® 2 Compact Systems asa laboratory aid in the determinationof in vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK ® 2AST-Gram Positive Moxifloxacin isa quantitative test. Moxifloxacin hasbeen shown to be active against moststrains of the microorganisms listedbelow, according to the FDA labelfor this antimicrobial.Active both in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK 2 Gram PositiveMoxifloxacin is designed forantimicrobial susceptibility testing ofStaphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible strains only). It is intendedfor use with the VITEK 2® System asa laboratory aid in the determinationof in vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents.The VITEK® 2 Gram PositiveSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK ® 2 System in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed in the Online Product</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device andPredicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin(≤0.25 - ≥8 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin(≤0.25 - ≥8 µg/mL) (K032399)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Device Characteristic Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureusIn vitro data are available, but theirclinical significance is unknown:Staphylococcus epidermidisThe VITEK® 2 Gram-positiveSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofStaphylococcus spp., Enterococcusspp., and S. agalactiae toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Information.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25, 2, and 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram-Positive (AST-GP)Susceptibility Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Algorithms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Discriminant Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Device Characteristic Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Breakpoints</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalisS≤1, I2,≥ 4R</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Staphylococcus spp.S≤2, I4, ≥ 8R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus spp.S ≤ 0.5, I 1, ≥ 2R</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Positive Moxifloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Positive Moxifloxacin is a quantitative test.

Moxifloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Enterococcus faecalis   
Staphylococcus aureus

In vitro data are available, but their clinical significance is unknown: Staphylococcus epidermidis

The VITEK® 2 Gram-positive Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., and $S .$ . agalactiae to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 ~ - ~ \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI agar dilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] )$ presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of AST-GP Moxifloxacin by comparing its performance with the CLSI agar dilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hours. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

# VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntimicrobialCode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntibioticVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bp1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment²</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MXF</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(mxf02n)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FDA(CLSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#,EEnterococcusfaecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(152/154)98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(153/154)99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/43)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/110)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/154)0.6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStaphylococcusspp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(329/331)99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(314/331)94.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/152)0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/163)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(16/331)4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=14>TC</td></tr></table>

Enterococcus faecalis and Staphylococcus aureus compared to the CLSI reference agar dilution method.   
Key: $\# =$ US Food and Drug Administration 510(k) cleared $\mathrm { E = }$ External performance data

Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 3:CLSI® Quality Control Organisms VITEK® 2 Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. faecalisATC29212&quot;TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S. aureusATCC29213&#x27;TM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mxf02n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.25 - 0.5(FDA/CLSI QCrange is 0.06 -0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.25°(FDA/CLSI QCrange is 0.03-0.12 ug/mL)</td></tr></table>

Numerical values are expressed in $\mu \rho / \mathsf { m L }$ . ◊ Does not include the full CLSI/FDA-recommended dilution range for QC testing with this organism.

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.

# VITEK® 2 AST-GP Moxifloxacin $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.