November 17, 2022

Zhejiang Gongdong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. $\%$ Evan Hu   
Marketing & Technical Manager   
Shanghai Mind-link Consulting Co., Ltd.   
1399 Jiangyue Road, Minhang   
Shanghai, Shanghai 201114   
China

Re: K220739 Trade/Device Name: Disposable Urine Collection Tube Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport Culture Medium Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JSM, LIO Dated: March 7, 2022 Received: March 14, 2022

Dear Evan Hu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Please note that if you modify your IVD in the future to exceed any of the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 866.9(c), your device will require a new 510(k) prior to marketing this device in the United States and will not be exempt from the premarket notification requirements so long as it exceeds the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 866.9.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM) Branch Chief Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220739

Device Name Disposable Urine Collection Tube

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) Summary

# I. SUBMITTER:

Zhejiang Gongdong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.

No.10 Beiyuan Ave., Huangyan, Taizhou, Zhejiang, 318020, China

Contact Person: Handson Wei

Title: Sales Director

Tel: 86-0576-84115678

Email: handson@chinagongdong.com

Submission Correspondent：Evan Hu

Email: Evan.hu $@$ mind-link.net Tel:86-18616124827

Date Prepared: November 9, 2022

# II. DEVICE

Name of Device: Disposable Urine Collection Tube   
Classification Name: Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport   
FDA Panel: Microbiology   
Classification Number: 21 CFR 866.2390, Transport Culture Medium   
Regulatory Class: Class I   
Product Code: JSM, LIO

# III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Primary predicate device: UriSwab™ - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation   
System (K180052)   
Classification Name: Culture Media, Non-Propagating Transport   
FDA Panel: Microbiology   
Classification Number: 21 CFR 866.2390, Transport Culture Medium   
Regulatory Class: Class I   
Product Code: JSM, LIO

# IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Disposable Urine Collection Tubes for the collection, transport and preservation system consist of a safety rubber plug, a plastic cap and boric acid as an additive inside the tube. The tube is made of Polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and the safety plug is made of butyl-rubber while the disposable cap is made of Polyethylene (PE). The disposable tube device sustains the viability of organisms during transport for up to $4 8 ~ \mathrm { h r s }$ . at $2 { - } 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $2 2 { \cdot } 2 5 ^ { \mathrm { \circ } } \mathrm { C } .$ There are two main tube types (round and conical bottom), and four configurations by volume of urine for the round bottom tubes (4 ml, $7 \mathrm { m l }$ , $8 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ , $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ ). The conical bottom tubes only have one configuration by volume $\mathrm { \Delta } \mathrm { \Omega } ^ { \mathrm { \prime } } 8 \mathrm { m l } )$ ). Each volume is available in yellow and white caps. The different device configurations and information on the amount of preservative contained in each tube is provided in table 1.

Table 1. Description and Packaging configurations of Disposable Urine Collection Tube   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">REF NO.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawvolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube size(Diameter XLength)in mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AdditiveBoric acidin mg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type oftube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capcolour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD040UB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13×75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD040UBW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13×75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">white</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD070UB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD070UBW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">white</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD080UB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD080UBW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">white</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD100UB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD100UBW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roundbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">white</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD080UAC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conicalbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GD080UACW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16×100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conicalbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">white</td></tr></table>

# V. INDICATIONS FOR USE/INTENDED USE

Disposable Urine Collection Tube is intended for the collection, transport and preservation of urine specimens from the collection site to the testing laboratory. In the laboratory, urine specimens are processed using clinical laboratory operating procedures for the cultivation of uropathogenic bacteria and yeasts.

# VI. PRINCIPLE OF OPERATION

The Disposable Urine Collection Tube system is used to safely collect and transport urine from collection sites to the testing laboratories. It is intended to be used by health care professionals. The vacuum in the collection tube allows autofill the urine sample through the puncture needle and the boric acid in the tubes prevents overgrowth of uropathogenic bacteria and yeasts.

# VII. COMPARISON WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The device, Disposable Urine Collection Tube is compared with the predicate device UriSwab - Urine Collection, Transport and Preservation System (K180052). The results are shown below in the comparison table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device: K220739</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K180052</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable UrineCollection Tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UriSwab-UrineCollection, Transportand PreservationSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Product Code andClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JSM, LIO, Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristic Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications For Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disposable UrineCollection Tube isintended for thecollection, transport,and preservation of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan UriSwabTMUrine Collection,Transport andPreservation System isintended for the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">urine specimens fromthe collection site to thetesting laboratory. In thelaboratory, urinespecimens areprocessed usingstandard clinicallaboratory operatingprocedures for thecultivation ofuropathogenic bacteriaand yeasts.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">collection, transport,and preservation ofurine specimens fromthe collection site to thetesting laboratory. In thelaboratory, UriSwabTMspecimens areprocessed usingstandard clinicallaboratory operatingprocedures for thecultivation ofuropathogenic bacteriaand yeasts.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C and 22-25°C;48 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterilization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radiation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes; 10-6 SAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristic Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PolyethyleneTerephthalate (PET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Round and Conicalbottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conical bottom</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 mm × 75 mm;13 mm × 100 mm;16 mm × 100 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 mm × 80 mm;16 mm × 100 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 ml, 7 ml, 8ml, 10ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 ml, 3.2 ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety cap, yellow andwhite.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screw cap, yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Additive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric acid, Sodiumformate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PET tube with additive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic tube, stick withsponge</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube filling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predefined vacuum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sponge applicator</td></tr></table>

# VIII. PERFORMANCE DATA

# Analytical Performance

Microbial Recovery Studies:

Microbial recovery (viability) studies were conducted to support the claim of the Disposable Urine Collection Tube for the collection, transport and preservation of urine specimens from the collection site to the testing laboratory. Sample panels were prepared from the listed bacteria and yeast (below) that were commonly associated with urinary tract infections. Cultures from $1 . 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ (equivalent $0 . 5 \mathrm { M c F }$ arland standard) were diluted into the pooled human negative clinical urine matrix to give a final concentration of $1 . 5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 2 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ . The appropriate volume of urine samples spiked with each organism was added to the Disposable Urine Collection Tubes. Three lots of the Disposable Urine Collection Tubes with three samples per lot were evaluated for the microbial recovery (viability) assay. The inoculated sample tubes were stored at $2 { - } 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $2 2 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24, and $4 8 \ \mathrm { h r s . }$ . After each storage time and temperature, the samples were plated to grow colonies which were counted to determine $\mathrm { C F U / m l }$ for each time points. According to CLSI document M40-A2, the acceptance criteria for microbial recovery method was set to be within 1 log10 of the initial microorganism count. Results of recovery studies are presented in table 2.

Table 2 Microbial Recovery Results of Disposable Urine Collection Tube   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Storagetemperature</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlrecovered(N=9) at time points</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Change inLog10(0 - 48 hrs)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 hrs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida albicans(ATCC 24433)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Escherichia coli(ATCC 25922)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Enterococcus Faecalis(ATCC 29212)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pseudomonas aeruginosa(ATCC 27853)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Proteus mirabilis(ATCC 7002)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Staphylococcus saprophyticus(ATCC 15305)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Citrobacter freundii(ATCC 8090)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida glabrata(ATCC MYA-2950)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Enterobacter cloacae(ATCC 13047)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Morganella morganii(ATCC 25829)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus agalactiae(ATCC 12386)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-25°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30</td></tr></table>

# Fill Volume Impact Recovery Study:

A fill volume impact recovery study was performed to demonstrate that underfilling of Disposable Urine Collection Tube containing preservative does not negatively impact the viability of urine microorganism. Sample panels were prepared by listed microorganisms (below) diluted from $1 . 5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 8 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (equivalent to a 0.5 McFarland standard) into the pooled human negative clinical urine matrix to give a final concentration of $1 . 5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 2 } \mathrm { C F U / m l }$ . Three production lots were tested in three replicates with each urine samples spiked with $E .$ coli, $P .$ aeruginosa or $P .$ mirabilis at the sample fill volume of $90 \%$ and $1 1 0 \%$ . The inoculated sample tubes were stored at $2 2 \mathrm { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 0 and 48 hrs. After each storage time, the samples were plated to grow colonies which were counted to determine $\mathrm { C F U / m l }$ for each time points. The acceptance criterium for the study is less than $1 \log _ { 1 0 }$ change when the fill volume is above or below the line. The results were shown in table 3.

Table 3. Performance of Disposable Urine Collection Tube in fill volume impact recovery study.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Fillvolume</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Average CFU/ml recovered(N=9) at time points</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Change in Log10(0 - 48 hrs)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. coli(ATCC 25922)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P. aeruginosa(ATCC 27853)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">P. mirabilis(ATCC 7002)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.55</td></tr></table>

# IX.STERILIZATION

The Disposable Urine Collection Tubes were sterilized by electron beam radiation with an average dose of $2 0 \mathrm { k G y }$ to achieve a sterility assurance level (SAL) of $1 0 ^ { - 6 }$ with a dosimeter attached to monitor dosage through the sterilization process. Sterilization was validated following ISO 11137-1: 2006 and ISO 11137-2: 2013 Sterilization of Health Care Products Radiation guidelines. Sterility test was carried out according to ISO11137-2:2009 Medical Devices Radiation SterilizationMicrobiological Methods-Part 2. In this sterility test, 100 samples after irradiated at the verification dose were inoculated with $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ soybean casein liquid medium and incubated at $3 0 { \pm } 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 14 days. The results were observed with no growth.

# X. SHELF LIFE

The shelf life for the Disposable Urine Collection Tube was determined to be 18 months from the date of manufacture when stored in well-ventilated clean room with the environment of relative humidity not more than $80 \%$ and at temperature 22 – $2 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ . The shelf life of the Disposable Urine Collection Tube was evaluated using real-time aging performance test at time points $\mathrm { T } = 0$ , 6, 12 and 18 months. At each time point, following performance test were conducted:

Appearance, Vacuum, Leak testing, Strength test, 50Kpa Pressure Test, PET tube’s mechanical stress testing, Sterility test, Standards of boric acid content, Package integrity

Appearance test was carried out by inspecting visually for clear label, transparent PET tube and any sign of deformation or breakage. Vacuum test was performed by measuring volume drawn into the Disposable Urine Collection Tube between 90 to $1 1 0 \%$ of the nominal liquid capacity allowed. Physical and mechanical performance tests included leak test, strength test, and a $5 0 \mathrm { K P a }$ pressure test. Mechanical stress test was conducted by checking the tubes could withstand centrifugation. The strength test, and urine collection volume capacity test were carried out as part of the evaluation. Sterility test and the standard of boric acid content (measuring the boric acid content in the tube) used were also assessed. The package integrity was evaluated by visually checking for any changes or damage to the package. Six lots of varying production were used for the studies and results showed that all samples passed the real time aging test for 18 months at $2 2 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The results for shelf-life study support that the Disposable Urine Collection Tube is physically or visually stable for 18 months.