Becton, Dickinson and Company   
Joseph Basore   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, Maryland 21152

Re: K220193 Trade/Device Name: BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCH, OOI Dated: January 21, 2022 Received: January 24, 2022

Dear Joseph Basore:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for Uwe Scherf, M.Sc., Ph.D. Director Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel performed on the BD MAX System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection of enteric parasitic pathogens. The BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panel detects nucleic acids from:

Giardia lamblia   
Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only),   
Entamoeba histolytica

Testing is performed on unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin-fixed stool specimens or FecalSwab specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis, enteritis, or colitis. The assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal infection when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other laboratory findings. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real- time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of specific targets. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium hominis, and C. parvum, as well as Entamoeba histolytica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel

# Summary Preparation Date:

01/21/2022

# Submitted by:

Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152

# Contact:

Joseph Basore, Ph.D., RAC Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Tel: 616-301-4068 Email: Joseph.Basore@bd.com

# Proprietary Names:

For the instrument:

BD MAX™ System

For the assay:

BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel

# Common Names:

For the instrument:

Bench-top molecular diagnostics workstation

For the assay:

Enteric Parasite Nucleic Acid Test   
Enteric Parasite identification and differentiation system   
Enteric assay   
Enteric test

# Regulatory Information

Regulation section:

866. 3990 - Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay

Classification:

Class II

Panel:

Microbiology (83)

Product Code(s):

# PHC Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay System OOI Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System

# Predicate Device

BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel (K143648)

# Device Establishment

Becton, Dickinson and Company 7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152   
Registration Number: 1119779

# Performance Standards

Class II Special Controls Guideline: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic AcidBased Assays for Detection and Identification of Microorganisms and Toxin Genes from Human Stool Specimens, November 2, 2015.

# Intended Use

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel performed on the BD MAX™ System is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection of enteric parasitic pathogens. The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel detects nucleic acids from:

• Giardia lamblia   
• Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)   
• Entamoeba histolytica

Testing is performed on unpreserved or $10 \%$ formalin-fixed stool specimens or FecalSwab™ specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The assay is intended to aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal infection when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation and other laboratory findings. The test is performed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplification of specific targets. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for detection of the amplified DNA.

This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of Giardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium hominis, and C. parvum, as well as Entamoeba histolytica infections. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

Special Conditions for Use Statement: For Prescription Use Only

Special Instrument Requirements: BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel is performed on the BD MAX™ System

# Device Description

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel assay along with the BD MAX™ System are comprised of an instrument with associated hardware and accessories, disposable microfluidic cartridges, master mixes, unitized reagent strips, and extraction reagents. The instrument automates sample preparation including target lysis, DNA extraction and concentration, reagent rehydration, target nucleic acid amplification and detection using real-time PCR. The assay includes a Sample Processing Control (SPC) that is present in the Extraction Tube. The SPC monitors DNA extraction steps, thermal cycling steps, reagent integrity and the presence of inhibitory substances. The BD MAX™ System software automatically interprets test results. For the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel, a test result may be called POS, NEG or UNR (Unresolved) based on the amplification status of the targets and of the Sample Processing Control. IND (Indeterminate) or INC (Incomplete) results are due to BD MAX™ System failure.

# Test Principle

The BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel is designed for use with unpreserved or $10 \%$ Formalin preserved stool samples or FecalSwab™ specimens. Unpreserved samples are placed in a BD ${ \bf M A X T M }$ sample buffer tube (SBT) with a $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ transfer loop for analysis on the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ System. The current $10 \%$ Formalin preserved specimen claim utilizes a plastic paddle (scoop) to place a stool sample into $1 5 ~ \mathrm { m l }$ of $10 \%$ Formalin media for transport before being placed into a SBT with a $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ transfer loop prior to analysis on the BD ${ \bf M A X T M }$ System.

To use the FecalSwab™ Collection, Transport, and Preservation System, the operator transfers fecal material from an unpreserved stool specimen to the FecalSwab™ transport medium tube using the nylon flocked specimen collection swab. The FecalSwab™ transport medium tube is filled with $2 \mathrm { m l }$ of a semi-solid medium that is designed to maintain the viability of enteric pathogenic bacteria during transit to the testing laboratory. Last, before analysis on the BD ${ \bf M A X T M }$ System, samples collected/stored with the FecalSwab™ system are vortexed and then pipetted $( 1 5 0 \mu \mathrm { l } )$ into a BD MAX™ sample buffer tube (SBT).

Once specimens (Unpreserved, $10 \%$ Formalin, or FecalSwab) are placed into a BD MAX™ SBT, the principles of the test are as described in K143648. For all specimen types the SBTs are heated on the BD Prewarm heater to facilitate lysis of the parasite organisms. Following heating, the SBTs are vortexed and then loaded into the BD MAX™ System along with the Unitized Reagent Strips, Master Mix, Extraction Tubes, and PCR Cartridges. No further operator intervention is necessary, and the automated procedures begin.

Microbial cells are lysed and DNA is extracted using a combination of lytic and extraction reagents at elevated temperatures. Nucleic acids released from the target organisms are captured on magnetic affinity beads. The beads, together with the bound nucleic acids, are washed and the nucleic acids are eluted by a combination of heat and high pH in elution buffer. Eluted DNA is neutralized and transferred to the Master Mix Tube to rehydrate the PCR reagents. After reconstitution, the BD MAX™ System dispenses a fixed volume of PCR-ready solution containing the extracted nucleic acids into the PCR Cartridge. Microvalves in the cartridge are sealed by the system prior to initiating PCR to contain the amplification mixture and thus preventing evaporation and contamination.

The amplified DNA targets are detected using hydrolysis $( \mathrm { T a q M a n @ } )$ probes, labeled at one end with a fluorescent reporter dye (fluorophore), and at the other end, with a quencher moiety. Probes labeled with different fluorophores are used to detect the target analytes (amplicons) for enteric parasite targets and the Sample Processing Control in four different optical channels of the BD MAX™ System. When the probes are in their native state, the fluorescence of the fluorophore is quenched due to its proximity to the quencher. However, in the presence of target DNA, the probes hybridize to their complementary sequences and are hydrolyzed by the $5 ' 3 '$ exonuclease activity of the DNA polymerase as it synthesizes the nascent strand along the DNA template. As a result, the fluorophores are separated from the quencher molecules and fluorescence is emitted. The amount of fluorescence detected in the optical channels used for the BD $\mathbf { M A X T M }$ Enteric Parasite Panel is directly proportional to the quantity of the corresponding probe that is hydrolyzed. The BD MAX™ System monitors these signals at each cycle of the PCR and interprets the data at the end of the reaction to provide qualitative test results for each analyte (i.e., positive or negative). The assay includes a Sample Processing Control, which monitors the integrity of the reagents as well as the process steps involved in DNA extraction, amplification and detection, and checks for the presence of potential assay inhibitors.

# Substantial Equivalence1

Table 1 provides the similarities and differences between the submitted device and the legally marketed predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison of BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel with FecalSwab to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Predicate - BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel(K143648)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed - BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panelwith Copan FecalSwab™M Collection,Preservation, and Transport System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>The BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel performed onthe BD MAXTM System is an automated in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection ofenteric parasite pathogens. The BD MAXTM EntericParasite Panel detects nucleic acids from:Giardia lamblia•Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)Entamoeba histolyticaTesting is performed on unpreserved or 10% formalin-fixed stool specimens from symptomatic patients withsuspected gastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The test isintended to aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinalinfection when used in conjunction with clinicalevaluation and other laboratory findings. The test isperformed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-timepolymerase chain reaction (PCR) for the amplificationof specific targets. The test utilizes fluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes for detection of theamplified DNA.This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinicalpresentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiologicalinformation, as an aid in the differential diagnosis ofGiardia lamblia, Cryptosporidium hominis and C.parvum, as well as Entamoeba histolytica infections.Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>The BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel performed onthe BD MAXTM System is an automated in vitrodiagnostic test for the direct qualitative detection ofenteric parasitic pathogens. The BD MAXTM EntericParasite Panel detects nucleic acids from:• Giardia lamblia• Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)Entamoeba histolyticaTesting is performed on unpreserved or 10%formalin-fixed stool specimens or FecalSwabTMspecimens from symptomatic patients with suspectedgastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. The assay isintended to aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinalinfection when used in conjunction with clinicalevaluation and other laboratory findings. The test isperformed directly on the specimen, utilizing real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for theamplification of specific targets. The test utilizesfluorogenic gene-specific hybridization probes fordetection of the amplified DNA.This test is intended for use, in conjunction withclinical presentation, laboratory findings, andepidemiological information, as an aid in thedifferential diagnosis of Giardia lamblia,Cryptosporidium hominis, and C. parvum, as well asEntamoeba histolytica infections. Results of this testshould not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis,treatment, or other patient management decision.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient managementdecision. Positive results do not rule out co-infectionwith other organisms that are not detected by this test,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel(K143648)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed - BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panelwith Copan FecalSwab™M Collection,Preservation, and Transport System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>and may not be the sole or definitive cause of patientillness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illnesscompatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be dueto infection by pathogens that are not detected by thistest or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis,irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn&#x27;s disease.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive results do not rule out co-infection withother organisms that are not detected by this test, andmay not be the sole or definitive cause of patientillness. Negative results in the setting of clinicalillness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitismay be due to infection by pathogens that are notdetected by this test or non-infectious causes such asulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, orCrohn&#x27;s disease.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Giardia lamblia•Cryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved stool or 10% formalin-fixed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unpreserved stool or 10% formalin-fixed orFecalSwab specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification: PCRDetection: Fluorogenic target-specific hybridization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Presence of•SSU rRNA gene specific for Giardia lamblia•sequence contained within the Laxer locus specific forCryptosporidium (C. hominis and C. parvum only)• SSU rRNA gene specific for Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation of Test Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated (BD MAXTM System diagnostic software)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD MAXT System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR Sample Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated by the BD MAXTM System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Probes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TaqMan®Probe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing Control (SPC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panel(K143648)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed - BD MAXTM Enteric Parasite Panelwith Copan FecalSwab™M Collection,Preservation, and Transport System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservation BufferFormulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: 10 % FormalinUnpreserved: None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: SameUnpreserved: SameFecalSwab:Sodium ChlorideCalcium ChloridePhosphate BufferL-CysteineAgarWater</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservation Buffer Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Formalin-fixed: Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled 15ml of media.Unpreserved: Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled15 ml of media.Unpreserved: Not Applicable•FecalSwab: Plastic Container w/Lid prefilled 2 mlof media</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transfer Tool to PreservationBuffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: Plastic PaddleUnpreserved: Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: Plastic PaddleUnpreserved: Not ApplicableFecalSwab: Flocked Swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Method to SBTTube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: 10 μL Transport LoopUnpreserved: 10 µL Transport Loop</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: SameUnpreserved: SameFecalSwab: 150 μL Pipette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: Not ApplicableUnpreserved: Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed: SameUnpreserved: SameFecalSwab: Yes, Irradiation</td></tr></table>

# Performance Evaluation

Four studies were conducted to demonstrate the substantial equivalence between the predicate specimen collection (Unpreserved) and the additional specimen collection (FecalSwab) for use in the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel assay:

A study was performed to confirm equivalent analytical sensitivity with the FecalSwab. This study demonstrates that the LoD for FecalSwab fecal specimens is similar to the LoD of unpreserved stool specimens. The same LoD values were obtained for the unpreserved specimens in this study versus FecalSwab specimen for each of the three targets, Entamoeba histolytica, Cryptosporidium parvum and Giardia lamblia, indicating the analytical sensitivity is equivalent.

Stability of stool specimens collected with the FecalSwab was tested against all target organisms. The results showed that the stability of FecalSwab specimens meets the current BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel claims. For each organism tested across the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel, a detection $\ge 9 5 \%$ occurred at all the target stability time points claimed in the package insert. Therefore, stool preserved with FecalSwab can be stored for 48 hours (2 days) at $2 5 \pm 2 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and 120 hours (5 days) at $2 - 8 \ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , and sample buffer tube inoculated with FecalSwab specimen can be stored for 48 hours (2 days) at $2 5 \pm 2 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and 120 hours (5 days) at $2 - 8 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

A user variability study was performed to determine if the transfer of unpreserved stool to FecalSwab tubes by different users induced variability. The preparation of unpreserved stool panels prior to FecalSwab transfer and all steps subsequent to FecalSwab preparation, including the transfer to SBTs from each FecalSwab, were performed by a single experienced BD MAX™ user. The data demonstrate that expected assay results are obtained when FecalSwab stool specimens were prepared by multiple users.

A comparison study of retrospectively collected clinical specimens was performed using the cleared collection device (unpreserved) and the new collection device (FecalSwab) with the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel on the BD MAX™ System. The results of this study, along with evaluation of contrived clinical specimens, where applicable, demonstrated that performance of the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel assay with the FecalSwab specimen type is comparable to the unpreserved stool specimen type.