DiaSorin Molecular LLC   
Tara Viviani   
Sr. Director, Molecular Regulatory Affairs   
11331 Valley View Street   
Cypress, California 90630

Re: K220963 Trade/Device Name: Simplexa COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981

Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test

Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF, OOI Dated: March 30, 2022 Received: April 1, 2022

Dear Tara Viviani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Himani Bisht -S

Himani Bisht, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Products Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220963

Device Name Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct is a real-time RT-PCR assay intended for use on the LIAISON $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ MDX instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of nucleic acid from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus and influenza B virus in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARSCoV-2, influenza A and influenza B infection.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza B infection and should not be used as the sole basis for patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. Results should be combined with clinical observations, patient history, and epidemiological information.

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay is intended for use by qualified and trained clinical laboratory personnel specifically instructed and trained in the techniques of real-time PCR and in vitro diagnostic procedures.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Applicant

DiaSorin Molecular LLC. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No.

2023365

Contact Person

Tara Viviani   
Sr. Director Molecular Regulatory Affairs   
Tel. 562.240.6500   
Tara.Viviani@DiaSorin.com

# Summary Date

March 16, 2023

Proprietary Name

Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct

# US Product Codes/Names and Regulation Numbers

QOF – Multi-Target Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Test Including Sars-Cov-2 And Other Microbial Agents 21 CFR $\ S$ 866.3981

OOI - Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System 21 CFR § 862.2570

# Classification

Class II

# Predicate Devices

BioFire Respiratory Panel 2.1 (RP2.1) (DEN200031)

# Intended Use

Simplexa COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct (Catalog Number: MOL4250):

The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct is a real-time RT-PCR assay intended for use on the LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MDX instrument for the in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of nucleic acid from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus and influenza B virus in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B infection.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza B infection and should not be used as the sole basis for patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. Results should be combined with clinical observations, patient history, and epidemiological information.

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay is intended for use by qualified and trained clinical laboratory personnel specifically instructed and trained in the techniques of real-time PCR and in vitro diagnostic procedures.

# Device Description

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay system is a real-time RT-PCR system that enables the direct amplification, detection and differentiation of SARS-CoV-2 RNA, human influenza A (Flu A) virus RNA and human influenza B (Flu B) virus RNA from unprocessed nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) that have not undergone nucleic acid extraction. The system consists of the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay, the LIAISON $\textcircled{8}$ MDX (with LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MDX Studio Software), the Direct Amplification Disc and associated accessories.

In the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay, fluorescent probes are used together with corresponding forward and reverse primers to amplify SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B and internal control RNA targets. For COVID-19 detection, the assay targets two different regions specific to the SARS-CoV-2 genome; the S gene which encodes the spike glycoprotein and the ORF1ab region which encodes wellconserved non-structural proteins and therefore is less susceptible to recombination. For Flu detection the assay targets conserved regions of influenza A viruses (matrix gene) and influenza B viruses (matrix gene). The assay provides three results; COVID-19 (ORF1ab and/or S gene detection), influenza A viruses (matrix gene detection) and influenza B viruses (matrix gene detection). An RNA internal control is used to detect RT-PCR failure and/or inhibition.

Simplexa™ COVID-19 &Flu A/B Direct REF MOL4250   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EC Symbolonn Label</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbreviatedName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CapColor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numberof Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactionsperVial/Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volumeper Vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa™ COVID-19&amp; Flu A/B DirectReaction Mix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOL4251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>REAG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μL</td></tr></table>

Simplexa™ COVID-19 &Flu A/B Direct Components and Descriptions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KitComponent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Contents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Simplexa ™COVID-19 &amp;Flu A/B DirectReaction Mix(RM)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>DNA polymerase, Reverse Transcriptase, RNase inhibitor, buffer and dNTPs, encapsulated RNA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Template, primers and dye-labeled fluorescent probes specific for detection of SARS-CoV-2,influenza A, influenza B and for the RNA Internal Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Channel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Excitation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targeted Gene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>520</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445-505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507-533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>505-543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>547-573</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2&quot;COVID&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>610</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502-596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>597-623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S and ORF1ab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Control&quot;RNA IC&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>622-658</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>652-708</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simplexa ™MCOVID-19 &amp;Flu A/B DirectBarcode Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Assay specific parameters, lot number, expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Materials Supplied Separately

Direct Amplification Disc Kit (REF MOL1455) Direct Amplification Discs for use on the LIAISON® MDX Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Positive Control Pack (REF MOL2260)

#

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceBioFire Respiratory Panel 2.1 (RP2.1)(DEN200031)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QOF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QOF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3981</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3981</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Severe Acute Respiratory SyndromeCoronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), Adenovirus,Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1,Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43,Human Metapneumovirus, HumanRhinovirus/Enterovirus, Influenza A,including subtypes H1, H1-2009, and H3,Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1,Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3,Parainfluenza Virus 4, Respiratory SyncytialVirus, Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001),Bordetella pertussis (ptxP), Chlamydiapneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Severe Acute Respiratory SyndromeCoronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), Influenza A (FluA) and Influenza B (Flu B)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DNA/RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Torch TechnologySARS-CoV-1 Well conserved region of the SgeneSARS-CoV-2 Well conserved region of theM gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 Well conserved regions of theS and ORF genesFlu A and B Targets Well conserved regionsof the matrix gene (TAQ Man Technology)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BioFire Respiratory Panel 2.1 (RP2.1) isa PCR-based multiplexed nucleic acid testintended for use with the BioFire FilmArray2.0 or BioFire FilmArray Torch systems forthe simultaneous qualitative detection andidentification of multiple respiratory viral andbacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngealswabs (NPS) obtained from individualssuspected of respiratory tract infections,including COVID-19.The following organism types and subtypesare identified using the BioFire RP2.1:Adenovirus,Coronavirus 229E,Coronavirus HKU1,Coronavirus NL63,Coronavirus OC43,Severe Acute RespiratorySyndromeCoronavirus (SARS-CoV-2),Human Metapneumovirus,Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus,Influenza A, including subtypes H1,H1-2009, and H3,Influenza B,Parainfluenza Virus 1,Parainfluenza Virus 2,Parainfluenza Virus 3,Parainfluenza Virus 4,Respiratory Syncytial Virus,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa ™m COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Direct is a real-time RT-PCRassay intended for use on the LIAISON® MDXinstrument for the in vitro qualitative detectionand differentiation of nucleic acid from severeacute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2(SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus andinfluenza B virus in nasopharyngeal swabs(NPS) from individuals with signs andsymptoms of respiratory tract infection.The Simplexa™ COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Directassay is intended for use as an aid in thedifferential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2,influenza A and influenza B infection.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza B infection andshould not be used as the sole basis forpatient management decisions. Positiveresults do not rule out coinfection with otherorganisms; Results should be combined withclinical observations, patient history, andepidemiological information.The Simplexa™ COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Directassay is intended for use by qualified andtrained clinical laboratorypersonnelspecifically instructed and trained in thetechniques of real-time PCR and in vitrodiagnostic procedures.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison toPredicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceBioFire Respiratory Panel 2.1 (RP2.1)(DEN200031)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001),Bordetella pertussis (ptxP),Chlamydia pneumoniae, andMycoplasma pneumoniaeNucleic acids from the respiratory viral andbacterial organisms identified by this test aregenerally detectable in NPS specimensduring the acute phase of infection. Thedetection and identification of specific viraland bacterial nucleic acids from individualsexhibiting signs and/or symptoms ofrespiratory infection is indicative of thepresence of the identified microorganismand aids in the diagnosis of respiratoryinfection if used in conjunction with otherclinical and epidemiological information. Theresults of this test should not be used as thesole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or otherpatient management decisions.Negative results in the setting of arespiratory illness may be due to infectionwith pathogens that are not detected by thistest, or lower respiratory tract infection thatmay not be detected by an NPS specimen.Positive results do not rule out coinfectionwith other organisms. The agent(s) detectedby the BioFire RP2.1 may not be the definitecause of disease. Additional laboratorytesting (e.g. bacterial and viral culture,immunofluorescence, and radiography) maybe necessary when evaluating a patient withpossible respiratory tract infection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomatedSystem (Sampleto Answer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire® FilmArray® 2.0 or BioFire®FilmArray® Torch Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® MDX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab (NPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# CLINICAL PERFORMANCE

The performance of Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct was evaluated using prospective, retrospective, archived positive and negative nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens from human patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. The clinical study was conducted using a total of over 1400 prospective and archived specimens in transport media. Prospective specimens from pediatric and adult patients $( 0 - 9 9 $ years) were collected from six (6) geographically diverse clinical sites within the United States between August 2021 and March 2022. The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct clinical agreement testing was performed at two (2) external clinical sites and one (1) internal site. Additionally, retrospective archived specimens consisted of 82 positive influenza A, 114 influenza B, and 62 negative specimens blinded and randomized for the study. The comparator for influenza A and B targets was an FDA cleared NAAT. For the SARS-CoV-2, target three COVID-19 Emergency Use Authorized NAAT assays were used to establish a composite reference method (CRM). Two out of three positive results determined “Detected” CRM and two out of three negative results determined “Not Detected” CRM.

Table 2 shows the results of the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay and comparator assay results in the prospective study analysis and Table 3 shows the results of the retrospective study analysis. The positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) were calculated for each target.

Table 2. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Prospective Study Analysis – Aug. 2021 to Mar. 2022 Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ COVID-19 &amp; FluA/B Direct Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPI(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/62a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.5% - 96.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1104/1106b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1165/1165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67/68c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.1% - 99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417/428d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.5% - 98.6%</td></tr></table>

a Five (5) specimens were negative by an additional FDA cleared NAAT.   
b Two (2) specimens were positive by an additional FDA cleared NAAT. One of the two specimens (1/2) was tested with PCR followed by BDS and was positive.   
c One specimen was positive by an additional FDA cleared NAAT.   
d Nine of the eleven specimens $( 9 / 1 1 )$ were positive by an additional FDA cleared NAAT and four (4) were positive by PCR followed by BDS. ${ \mathsf { N } } / { \mathsf { A } } = { \mathsf { N o t } }$ Applicable, PPA $=$ Positive Percent Agreement, NPA $=$ Negative Percent Agreement, ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval. The $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated following the Wilson Score method.

Table 3. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Retrospective (Archived) Study Analysis   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Simplexa™ COVID-19 &amp; FluA/B Direct Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPI(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN /(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5% - 99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176/176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112/114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8% - 99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144/144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252/252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5% -100%</td></tr></table>

${ \mathsf { N } } / { \mathsf { A } } = { \mathsf { N o t } }$ Applicable, PPA $=$ Positive Percent Agreement, ${ \mathsf { N P A } } = { \mathsf { N } }$ Negative Percent Agreement, ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval. The $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated following the Wilson Score method.

# REPRODUCIBILITY

The reproducibility study was performed by one (1) internal site and two (2) external sites. The panel consisted of eight (8) reproducibility panel members, including six (6) contrived samples,one (1) negative sample [UTM as No Template Control (NTC)] and one (1) positive sample, Positive Control (PC). The contrived panel members were prepared by spiking each analyte at approximately two times the Limit of Detection $_ { 2 x }$ LoD, low positive) and approximately four times $( 4 \mathsf { x } )$ LoD (medium positive) into native negative nasopharyngeal swab matrix in UTM. Each panel member was tested in triplicate for five (5) days. Each site had two (2) operators who each assayed the entire panel once per day, for a total of two (2) sets of data per day. Agreement with expected results are presented in Table 4 with average Cts, standard deviation (SD) and coefficient of variation $( \% C \backslash I )$ .

Table 4. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">All Sites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreementwithexpectedresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg. Ct ±SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreementwithexpectedresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg. Ct ±SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreementwithexpectedresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg. Ct ±SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreementwithexpectedresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg. Ct± SD(%CV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Hong Kong -LP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.3 ±0.54(1.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.9 ±1.22(3.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.8 ±0.55(1.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.7 ±0.86(2.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A Hong Kong -MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.7 ±0.49(1.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.5±0.43(1.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.9 ±0.44(1.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.7 ±0.47(1.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Malaysia -LP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.8 ±0.6(2.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.9 ±0.60(1.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.5 ±0.62(2.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.1 ±0.70(2.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B Malaysia -MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.0 ±0.35(1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.9 ±0.44(1.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.4 ±0.48(1.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.1 ±0.48(1.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9% to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COVID-19 USA-WA1 - LP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.2 ±0.41(1.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.5 ±0.40(1.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.2 ±0.67(2.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.0 ±0.59(2.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9% to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COVID-19 USA-WA1 - MP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.0 ±0.46(1.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.8 ±0.45(1.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.4 ±0.61(2.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.1 ±0.56(1.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Positive Control(PC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100.0%30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.2 ±0.32(1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.1 ±0.21(0.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.0 ±0.20(0.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.1 ±0.26(1.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.6 ±0.87(3.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.2 ±0.39(1.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.1 ±0.22(0.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.6 ±0.71(2.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">95.9% to100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.8 ±1.18(4.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.2 ±0.23(0.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.8 ±0.22(0.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.3 ±0.80(2.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Negative (UTM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100.0%(90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">95.9% to10.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(30/30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 ±0.00(N/A%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0%(240/240)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0%(240/240)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0%(240/240)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">100.0%(720/720)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5% to100.0%</td></tr></table>

Ct. $=$ Cycle threshold $\mathtt { S D } =$ Standard Deviation $\% { \mathsf { C V } } =$ Percent Coefficient of Variation ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval LP $=$ Low Positive ${ \mathsf { M P } } =$ Medium Positive

# ANALYTICAL SENSITIVITY/LIMIT OF DETECTION

The Limit of Detection (LoD) of the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) was determined to be the lowest detectable concentration of quantitated inactivated titered viral stocks (copies/mL or International Units/mL) at which $\geq 9 5 \%$ of all replicates were detected. Two (2) strains of influenza A, two (2) strains of influenza B and two (2) strains SARS-CoV-2 serially diluted in negative nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) matrix were used to determine the LoD. The LoD results are shown in Table 5.

Table 5. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD (copies/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/Michigan/45/2015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 (USA-WA1/2020)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA (NIBSC code: 20/146)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>651</td></tr></table>

# ANALYTICAL REACTIVITY

# Analytical Reactivity – Influenza A and B and SARS-CoV-2 (Wet-testing)

Analytical reactivity was evaluated with nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) matrix for the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay. A total of 63 Flu A strains, 21 Flu B strains and five (5) SARS-CoV-2 strains were tested. Quantified viral material was spiked into negative NPS matrix at the concentrations listed in Tables 6-8 below and assayed in triplicate. The results are shown in Tables 6-8. Additional testing of all influenza strains in the CDC panels for 2018-2021 was performed. The results are also shown in Tables 6-7 and the CDC panels tested highlighted in Tables 9 - 11. All strains and subtypes were $100 \%$ detected with the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay.

Table 6. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & FLU A/B Direct Analytical Reactivity Results - Flu A   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/black-legged kittiwake/Quebec/02838-1/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/02/2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/American green-winged teal/Mississippi/300/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/02/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/4/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/7/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Germany/N/49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Vietnam/NCVD-016/2008(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Christ Church/16/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Chabarovsk/1610/1972</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Czechoslovakia/1956</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Wisconsin/480/1979</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Egypt/N03072/2010(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Guangdong-Maonan/1536/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/2671/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AHong Kong/4801/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/33982/2009(H9N2)-PR8-IDCDC_RG26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hubei/1/2010(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/India/NIV/2006(H5N1)-PR8-IBCDC-RG7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/lndiana/08/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Kansas/14/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/Netherlands/12/2000(H7N7)/PR8-IBCDC-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/llinois/100S4334/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/Wisconsin/4218/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/Wisconsin/4230/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Massachusetts/15/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mexico/4108/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/11/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/19/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/18/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/02/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Ohio/02/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/pheasant/New Jersey/1355/1998(H5N2)-PR8-IBCDC-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/1973</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/quail/Italy/1117/1965</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/red knot/Delaware Bay/240/1994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/red knot/Delaware/541/1988</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/redhead/Alberta/192/2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Rhode Island/01/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Santiago/7981/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/shorebird/Delaware Bay/211/1994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/shorebird/Delaware/172/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Solomon Island/3/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/1976/31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/lowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/Ohio/09SW1477/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/Ohio/09SW83E/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Switzerland/9715293/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/turkey/Massachusetts/3740/1965</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/turkey/Virginia/4529/2002 (H7N2)xPR8-IBCDC-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100,000 Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

$\star _ { \sf T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \sf m L =$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose ${ \mathsf { C E } } | { \mathsf { D } } _ { 5 0 } / { \mathsf { m L } } =$ Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose $\mathsf { E l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Egg Infectious Dose

Table 7. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Analytical Reactivity Results - Flu B   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Detection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/33/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Christchurch/33/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Colorado/06/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/07/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Great Lakes/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Guangdong-Liwan/1133/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/02/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Michigan/09/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/New Hampshire/01/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/02/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/81/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Utah/09/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Victoria/304/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Washington/02/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

$\star \mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose ${ \mathsf { C E } } | { \mathsf { D } } _ { 5 0 } / { \mathsf { m L } } =$ Chicken Embryo Infectious Dose $\mathsf { E l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Egg Infectious Dose

Table 8. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Analytical Reactivity Results – SARS-CoV-2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>England/204820464/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hCoV19/USA/PHC658/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HongKong/VM200001061/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Japan/TY7-503/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>South Africa/KRISP-EC-K005325/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

Table 9 2018-2019 CDC panel Flu A and Flu B Strains Tested with Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/016*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/California/07/2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Michigan/45/2015*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B(Victoria lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Brisbane/60/2008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Colorado/06/2017*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B(Yamagata lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013*</td></tr></table>

\*WHO recommended vaccine strains

Table10. 2019-2020 CDC panel Flu A and Flu B Strains Tested with Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Kansas/14/2017*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Christ Church/16/2010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Brisbane/02/2018*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B(Victoria lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Michigan/09/2011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Colorado/06/2017*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B(Yamagata lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/New Hampshire/01/2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013*</td></tr></table>

\*WHO recommended vaccine strains

Table 11. 2020-2021 CDC panel Flu A and Flu B Strains Tested with Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A(H3N2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Perth/16/2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Hong Kong/2671/2019*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>A(H1N1) pdm09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Christ Church/16/2010</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Guangdong-Maonan/1536/2019*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B(Victoria lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Michigan/09/2011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Washington/02/2019*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>B(Yamagata lineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Texas/81/2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Phuket/3073/2013*</td></tr></table>

\*WHO recommended vaccine strain

# Analytical Reactivity/Inclusivity – SARS-CoV-2

An in silico inclusivity analysis of the SARS-CoV-2 target primers and probes in the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay was performed. All primer and probe sets designed for detection of the ORF1ab and S gene were tested against the complete SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences available in the GISAID database submitted from November 01, 2021 to January 31, 2022. The analysis included 2,170,584 sequences in the amplicon regions of the ORF1ab and S gene primer/probe regions. Only target sequences with full coverage of all three ORF1ab and $\mathtt { s }$ gene forward and reverse primer as well as probe region were included in the analyses. The analysis showed that the Simplexa™ COVID19 & Flu A/B Direct target regions had no mismatch to 2,170,382 sequences $( \sim 9 9 . 9 9 \% )$ and those sequences were predicted to be detected by the assay based on sequence homology. There were 202 sequences $( \sim 0 . 0 1 \% )$ with mismatches in at least one primer or probe binding region, region in either ORF1ab or S gene target region. A melting temperature $( \mathsf { T m } )$ analysis was conducted for those sequences with mismatches in the binding sites of both gene assay target regions. A Tm calculation was performed with assay-specific conditions using a Tm Mismatch Bioinformatics Tool. Tm values observed above their respective annealing temperature had mismatches that were not located at the ${ } ^ { 3 ^ { \prime } }$ end for the primers; as such, detection of these sequences are not affected by the mismatches.

In addition, an analysis was conducted for the oligonucleotide (oligo) sequences for the SARS-CoV-2 ORF1ab and S gene sets against all SARS-CoV-2 sequences available in the GISAID database submitted from May 01, 2022 to July 31, 2022. In this sequence set, there were 211,184 sequences $( \sim 9 9 . 9 8 \% )$ with no mismatches in at least one gene oligo set and 40 $( \sim 0 . 0 2 \% )$ sequences with mismatches in at least one oligo binding region for both gene oligo sets. Based on in silico analysis of the percent homology between assay oligos and target sequences, potential impact of location of the mismatches on extension and/or binding, and the mismatch Tm values of the oligo sequence to its binding region on each analyzed SARS-CoV-2 sequence, it is predicted that the assay will also detect $100 \%$ of theses 211,224 SARS-CoV-2 sequences available in the database from May 01, 2022 to July 31, 2022. A more recent in silico inclusivity analysis of the oligonucleotide (oligo) sequences for the SARS-CoV-2 ORF1ab and S gene sets was performed against all SARS-CoV-2 sequences submitted to the GISAID EpiCoV database from November 01, 2022 to February 08, 2023. The analysis as described above in previous studies, showed that the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct target is predicted to detect the additional 12,378 sequences $( 1 0 0 \% )$ analyzed during this period. Table 12 below summarizes the Tm analysis results from the studies.

Table 12. Summary of Tm Analysis Results   

<table><tr><td>No. seq. where at least one gene oligo set meets Tm criteria</td><td>2,394,186</td></tr><tr><td>No. seq. where no gene oligo set meets Tm criteria</td><td>0</td></tr></table>

# Cross-Reactivity (Analytical Specificity)

Cross-reactivity of the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay was evaluated by testing whole organisms or purified nucleic acid from other organisms. Specimens for laboratory testing were prepared by spiking cultured isolates/inactivated organisms/purified nucleic acids (whole genome) into negative matrix (NPS) and determining cross reactivity based on three replicates. Results from cross-reactivity testing are summarized in Table 13.

Table 13. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct Cross-Reactivity Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-COV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%( 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxiella burnetii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0//3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%/0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(//3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus NL63*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus 9*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0//)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum,17-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella longbeachae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%( 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%( 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leptospira interrogans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%( 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis GenomicNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o0/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parechovirus Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus 1A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% 0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus RNA HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 genomecopies/mlL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA (Leukocytes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pooled Human Nasal Wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1 dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(//3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-COV1 Synthetic RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%(0/3)</td></tr></table>

\* A lower concentration was tested due to inability to obtain stock material with high titer 1 CCU/mL $=$ Color changing units/milliliter CFU/mL $\bar { . }$ Colony forming units/milliliter IFU/mL $=$ Infectious units/milliliter

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

Potentially interfering substances from respiratory specimens were tested for ability to generate false negative results. Samples were prepared by spiking each potentially interfering substance into a baseline sample consisting of pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab specimens and SARS-CoV-2 inactivated viral particles (2019-nCoV/USA-WA1/2020 strain), Influenza A/Hong Kong/8/68 and Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/2004. The test samples contained each of the three (3) viruses at a concentration of 3X LoD. The results are shown in Table 14. Cold Eeze at a higher concentration of $2 . 5 \%$ (w/v) showed an invalid result in one out of the three replicates for Flu B. The replicates were retested at a lower concentration of $1 . 2 5 \%$ (w/v) and no interference was observed in any of the targets. No other substances tested in the table below showed any interference with the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza B at the concentrations tested. The FluMist nasal vaccine was not tested as an interfering substance due to its unavailability at the time of this study.

Table 14. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct – Potentially Interfering Substances Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin Nasal spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%(v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cold Eeze(Throat lozenges, Oralanesthetic and analgesic)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (2/2)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroid(Beconase AQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beclomethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroidFlonase)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relenza Antiviral Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu Antiviral drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 μM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffa operculata,Galphimia glauca,histaminumhydrochloricum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Nasal Spray(Homeopathic allergy reliefmedicine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine submaxillary glandmucin, type I-S**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified MucinProtein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (3/3)</td></tr></table>

$\mathsf { \mu } _ { \mathsf { g } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { L } } =$ Micrograms/milliliter $\mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Milligrams/milliliter $\mu \mathsf { M } =$ Micromolar v/v $=$ Volume per Volume w/v $=$ Weight/Volume $\pm 2 . 5 \%$ Cold Eeze Throat lozenges resulted in one out of three replicates with an EC500, invalid, for SARS-CoV-2. An EC500 result was obtained on the repeat. Therefore the concentration was lowered to $1 . 2 5 \%$ and retested. \*\*Mucin tested in a separate study using Influenza strains (Influenza A/Michigan/45/2015 and Influenza B/Phuket/3073/2013)

# COMPETITIVE INTERFERENCE

Competitive Interference was performed to assess the ability of the assay to detect low concentration of one (1) target analyte in the presence of high concentration of another target analyte. Samples were prepared by spiking one (1) assay target analyte at a low concentration (4X LoD) into negative nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) matrix in the presence of a high concentration (1000X LoD) of one (1) of the other two (2) assay target analytes. All the possible assay target combinations were tested. Each contrived sample was tested in triplicate. The results are shown in Table 15. All of the combinations tested showed no competitive interference for the detection of low concentrations of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A or Flu B in the presence of high concentrations of another assay target analyte.

Table 15. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct – Competitive Interference Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Low Positive Baseline Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Competitive Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza A/HongKong/8/68</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COVID-19/USA-WA1/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Influenza B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/HongKong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COVID-19/USA-WA1/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COVID-19/USA-WA1/2020</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/HongKong/8/68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# INTERFERENCE BY OTHER MICROORGANISMS

The Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct assay was evaluated by testing the ability to identify SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus, and influenza B virus, when other potentially interfering organisms were present. Specimens were prepared by spiking cultured isolates/inactivated organisms/purified nucleic acids (whole genome) at a minimum of $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL (or higher) for bacteria, and $ 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TCID50/mL or $P F U / / m L$ (or higher) for viruses into negative nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) matrix in the presence of a low concentration (2X LoD) of the three (3) targets (SARS-CoV-2, Flu A and Flu B viral particles) and determining microbial interference based on three (3) replicates. For organisms not titered in CFU/mL or TCID50/mL, other industry acceptable units were used as indicated. The panel of forty seven (47) potentially inhibitory organisms was individually spiked into a pool with a low concentration influenza A (Influenza A/Hong Kong/8/68), influenza B (Influenza B/Malaysia/2506/2004), and SARS-CoV-2 (2019-nCoV/USA-WA1/2020). No interference by other organisms was observed for SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza B at the concentrations indicated in Table 16.

Table 16. Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct – Microbial Interference Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestedConcentration1</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Detection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 IFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxiella burnetii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106genome copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus Type 71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli O157:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus NL63*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus 9*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum,17-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella longbeachae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leptospira interrogans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis GenomicDNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CCU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parechovirus Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus 1A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 104 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus RNA HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10 5genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA (Leukocytes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pooled Human Nasal Wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1 dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-COV1 Synthetic RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 105 genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

\*A lower concentration was tested due to inability to obtain stock material with high titer 1 CCU/mL $=$ Color Changing Units/milliliter CFU/mL $=$ Colony Forming Units/milliliter $\mathsf { I F U / m L } =$ Infectious units/milliliter

$\mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } =$ Tissue Culture Infectious Dose/milliliter

# CARRY-OVER CONTAMINATION

Amplification carry-over for the Simplexa™ assays has been assessed against existing assays that use the same sample matrices, workflow and specimen type, and therefore no carry-over is anticipated. The study was designed by alternately placing high positive and negative samples on each disc. No evidence of carry-over contamination was observed.

# CONCLUSION

The analytical and method comparison studies have demonstrated that the Simplexa™ COVID-19 & Flu $\textsf { A } / \textsf { B }$ Direct is substantially Equivalent to the predicate device (DEN200031). The device labeling is compliant with 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 9 . 1 0$ .