BioFire Defense, LLC   
David Rabiger   
Associate Director of Regulatory, Quality, and Clinical Affairs   
79 W 4500 S, Suite 14   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84107

Re: K220870 Trade/Device Name: BioFire Global Fever Panel, BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3966 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Selected Microbial Agents That Cause Acute Febrile Illness Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QMV, PMN Dated: March 24, 2022 Received: March 25, 2022

Dear David Rabiger:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

for

Noel Gerald   
Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220870

Device Name BioFire $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Global Fever Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BioFire $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Global Fever Panel is a qualitative, multiplexed nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with BioFire $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2.0 and BioFire $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FilmArray $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Torch Systems. The BioFire Global Fever Panel detects and identiies selecte bacterial, viral, and protozn nuclicacid directly rom EDTA whole blood collected from and Plasmodium spp. (including species differentiation o Plasmodium alciparum and Plasmodium vivax/ovale). uo   p provided by the relevant public health authorities.

Ps esul ot leu es wi paten ocluhBioFiGobal Fvr aneNo l other infections. In the United States, patint travel history and consultation of the DCYellow Book should be cnsiere rirushiFilobal evr e e patens e orotail locations.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# I. Submitter

BioFire Defense, LLC   
79 West 4500 South, Suite 14   
Salt Lake City, UT 84107   
Phone: (801) 262-3592   
Fax: (801) 447-6907

Contact Person: David Rabiger, Ph.D. Date Prepared: 2022-03-24

# II. Device

Name of Device: BioFire® Global Fever Panel   
Common or Usual Name: Same   
Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3966   
Classification Name: Device to detect and identify selected microbial agents that cause acute   
febrile illness   
Product Code: QMV   
Regulatory Class: Class II (Special Controls)   
Panel: Microbiology – 83   
Name of Device: BioFire® SHIELDTM Control Kit for the BioFire® Global Fever Panel   
Common or Usual Name: Same   
Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3920   
Classification Name: Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays   
Product Code: PMN   
Regulatory Class: Class II (Special Controls)   
Panel: Microbiology – 83

# III. Predicate Devices

BioFire® Global Fever Panel (BioFire Defense, LLC) [DEN200043] This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

BioFire® SHIELDTM Control Kit for the BioFire® Global Fever Panel (BioFire Defense, LLC) [K202382]   
This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

# IV. Device Description

The BioFire Global Fever Panel is a multiplexed nucleic acid-based test for the detection and identification of six pathogens which cause acute febrile illness (AFI) from whole blood specimens on BioFire FilmArray systems. The BioFire Global Fever Panel detects and identifies the following pathogens: chikungunya virus, dengue virus, Leptospira spp., and Plasmodium spp., including species differentiation between $P .$ . falciparum and $P .$ . vivax/ovale. The BioFire Global Fever Panel was originally described and was granted De Novo classification in DEN200043.

The BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel is an assayed quality control intended for monitoring the diagnostic performance of the BioFire Global Fever Panel. The Control Kit consists of Positive and Negative External Controls in a FilmArray Control Injection Vial format. The Positive External Control contains external assayed quality control material consisting of a set of non-infectious DNA segments dried on the filter of a FilmArray Control Injection Vial and detected by the Global Fever Panel. The Negative External Control contains no DNA and is also provided in the Control Injection Vial format. Analysis of the controls is carried out by specific pouch modules that are included in the BioFire Global Fever Panel Pouch Module Package. The BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel was fully described and cleared in K202382.

The purpose of this submission is to add BioFire FilmArray Torch as an additional instrument system for use with the BioFire Global Fever Panel and BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel, which were previously marketed for use with BioFire FilmArray 2.0 Systems. The FilmArray Torch is a modular configuration of the FilmArray 2.0 that minimizes instrument footprint by stacking up to twelve individual FilmArray Torch Modules on top of a single FilmArray Torch System Base. This 510(k) request describes modifications to the BioFire Global Fever Panel Pouch Module Package software and validation efforts to support adding FilmArray Torch Systems to the intended use of both the BioFire Global Fever Panel and associated BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit.

# V. Intended Use

# BioFire Global Fever Panel Intended Use:

The BioFire® Global Fever Panel is a qualitative, multiplexed, nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with BioFire® FilmArray® 2.0 and BioFire® FilmArray® Torch Systems. The BioFire Global Fever Panel detects and identifies selected bacterial, viral, and protozoan nucleic acids directly from EDTA whole blood collected from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of acute febrile illness or recent acute febrile illness and known or suspected exposure to the following target pathogens: chikungunya virus, dengue virus (serotypes 1, 2, 3 and 4), Leptospira spp., and Plasmodium spp. (including species differentiation of Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax/ovale). Evaluation for more common causes of acute febrile illness (e.g., infections of the upper and lower respiratory tract or gastroenteritis, as well as non-infectious causes) should be considered prior to evaluation with this panel. Results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory data, in accordance with the guidelines provided by the relevant public health authorities.

Positive results do not rule out co-infections with pathogens not included on the BioFire Global Fever Panel. Not all pathogens that cause acute febrile illness are detected by this test, and negative results do not rule out the presence of other infections. In the United States, patient travel history and consultation of the CDC Yellow Book should be considered prior to use of the BioFire Global Fever Panel as some pathogens are more common in certain geographical locations.

# For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel Intended Use:

The BIOFIRE® SHIELD™ Control Kit for the BioFire® Global Fever Panel contains Positive and Negative External Controls intended for use as assayed quality controls to monitor the performance of in vitro diagnostic laboratory nucleic acid testing procedures for the qualitative detection of chikungunya virus, dengue virus (serotypes 1, 2, 3, and 4), Leptospira spp., and Plasmodium spp. (including species differentiation of Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax/ovale) when using the BioFire® Global Fever Panel on BioFire® FilmArray® 2.0 and BioFire® FilmArray® Torch Systems. The BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel is designed for and intended to be used solely with the BioFire Global Fever Panel. This product does not replace manufacturer internal controls provided as part of the BioFire Global Fever Panel device.

Both the Positive and Negative External Controls are provided in a FilmArray Control Injection Vial format. The Positive Control Injection Vial contains dried synthetic DNA segments in buffer and stabilizer to assess the presence of each individual assay on the BioFire Global Fever Panel. The Negative Control Injection Vial contains no DNA and is non-reactive with the BioFire Global Fever Panel assays.

# VI. Substantial Equivalence

The purpose of this 510(k) submission is to add BioFire FilmArray Torch systems to the intended use of both the BioFire Global Fever Panel and the BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel. No changes have been made to the BioFire Global Fever Panel or BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit themselves. Only minor modifications to the BioFire Global Fever Panel Pouch Module Package have been made to add compatibility with BioFire FilmArray Torch systems.

The BioFire Global Fever Panel for use with BioFire FilmArray Torch (BioFire Global Fever Panel v2.1) is substantially equivalent to the BioFire Global Fever Panel v2.0. Table 1 compares the BioFire Global Fever Panel v2.1 to the previously granted BioFire Global Fever Panel v2.0.

Table 1. BioFire Global Fever Panel Predicate Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:BioFire Global Fever Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:BioFire Global Fever Panel[DEN200043]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood (collected in EDTA tube)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Individuals with signs and/or symptoms ofacute febrile illness and known orsuspected exposure to pathogens on thepanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogens Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chikungunya virus, dengue virus (serotypes1, 2, 3, and 4), Leptospira spp., Plasmodiumspp. (including species differentiation of P.falciparum and P. vivax/ovale.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNA/DNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technological Principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly multiplexed, nested, nucleic acidamplification test with melt analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFire FilmArray 2.0 or BioFire FilmArrayTorch systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFire FilmArray 2.0 systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation and reportgeneration; user cannot access raw data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in each reagentpouch to control for sample processing andboth stages of PCR and melt analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assayed External Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFireGlobal Fever Panel (Part No. DFA2-ASY-0006)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Complexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr></table>

The BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel for use with BioFire FilmArray Torch is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel. Table 2 outlines the similarities and differences between the two control kits.

Table 2. BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel Predicate Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for theBioFire Global Fever Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for theBioFire Global Fever Panel[K202382]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive and negative external assayedquality controls to monitor assayperformance in the BioFire GlobalFever Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External control material dried onControl Injection Vial filter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tm-shifted synthetic DNA (positivecontrol only)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Targets Monitored</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chikungunya virus, dengue virus(serotypes 1, 2, 3, and 4), Leptospiraspp., and Plasmodium spp. (includingspecies differentiation of P. falciparumand P. vivax/ovale.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFire Global Fever Panel run onBioFire FilmArray 2.0 or BioFireFilmArray Torch systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFire Global Fever Panel run on BioFireFilmArray 2.0 systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation andreport generation; user cannot accessraw data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as subject device</td></tr></table>

# VII. Summary of Performance Data

# Performance of the BioFire Global Fever Panel on BioFire FilmArray Torch Systems

Negative samples containing no analyte and contrived samples containing representative pathogens on the BioFire Global Fever Panel at concentrations near the limit of detection (LoD) were tested in parallel on three BioFire FilmArray 2.0 systems and three BioFire FilmArray Torch systems. Testing was performed over five days by two operators per system for a total of 90 replicates per sample per platform. The performance of the BioFire Global Fever Panel on the BioFire FilmArray Torch platform was similar to performance on the BioFire FilmArray 2.0 platform. Overall agreement with expected results for the BioFire Global Fever Panel on the BioFire FilmArray Torch platform was $9 8 . 9 \%$ as compared to $9 9 . 4 \%$ on the BioFire FilmArray 2.0 platform. Detection rates and percent agreement between observed and expected test results are shown in Table 3.

Table 3. Reproducibility of the BioFire Global Fever Panel on BioFire FilmArray Platforms   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Analyte(Source / ID)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ExpectedResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Detection Rate (n/N)% Agreement with Expected Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>FilmArray 2.0 Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>FilmArray Torch Platform</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All FA 2.0Systems95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All FA TorchSystems[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Leptospira interrogansserovaricterohaemorrhagiae(ATTC / 23581)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3xLoD(1.0E+03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1×LoD(3.4E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/9095.6%[89.1-98.3%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/9094.4%[87.6-97.6%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(No Analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Dengue virusDENV-2New Guinea C(Zeptometrix /0810089CF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3xLoD(1.0E+03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1×LoD(3.4E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9098.9%[94.0-99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(No Analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9098.9%[94.0-99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>PlasmodiumfalciparumIPC 4884(BEI / MRA-1238)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Plasmodiumspp.DetectionResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3×LoD(5.4E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1×LoD(1.8E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(No Analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PlasmodiumfalciparumDetectionResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive3×LoD(5.4E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89/9098.9%[94.0-99.8%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive1×LoD(1.8E+02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/3096.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/9096.7%[90.7-98.9%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/3093.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86/9095.6%[89.1-98.3%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(No Analyte)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NotDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90100%[95.9-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement withExpected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>1073/108099.4%[98.7-99.7%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>1068/108098.9%[98.1-99.4%]</td></tr></table>

Abbreviations: FA – FilmArray; $9 5 \% { \mathsf { C l } } - 9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval

# Performance of the BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit for the BioFire Global Fever Panel on BioFire FilmArray Torch Systems

Reproducibility of the BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit on the BioFire FilmArray Torch platform was evaluated by testing Positive External Controls and Negative External Controls on three BioFire FilmArray Torch systems over five days by two users per system for a total of 135 replicates for each control type. Overall agreement with the expected results was $9 9 . 6 \%$ . Results are summarized in Table 4.

Table 4. Reproducibility of the BIOFIRE SHIELD Control Kit on the BioFire FilmArray Torch Platform   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SHIELD Control Type</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Expected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Observed/Expected(Percent Agreement)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TorchSystem 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TorchSystem 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TorchSystem 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall[95% Confidence Interval]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135/135(100%)[97.2-100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/45(97.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/45(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134/135(99.3%)[95.9-99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement with Expected Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>269/270(99.6%)[97.9-99.9%]</td></tr></table>