BioFire Defense, LLC   
Cynthia Phillips   
VP of Regulatory, Quality, and Clinical Affairs   
79 W 4500 S, Suite 14   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84107

Re: K221460 Trade/Device Name: BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QQX Dated: May 18, 2022 Received: May 19, 2022

Dear Cynthia Phillips:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Himani Bisht, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Special 510(k) Summary

# I. Submitter

BioFire Defense, LLC   
79 West 4500 South, Suite 14   
Salt Lake City, UT 84107   
Phone: (801) 262-3592   
Fax: (801) 447-6907

Contact Person: Cynthia L. Phillips, Ph.D. Date Prepared: 2022-05-18

# II. Device

Name of Device: BioFire® COVID-19 Test 2   
Common or Usual Name: Same   
Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3981   
Classification Name: Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Sars-CoV-2 Test   
Product Code: QQX   
Regulatory Class: Class II (Special Controls)   
Panel: Microbiology

# III. Predicate Device

BioFire® COVID-19 Test 2 (BioFire Defense, LLC) (K211079) This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

# IV. Device Description

The BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is a multiplexed nucleic acid-based test for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 RNA from nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) eluted in either transport medium or saline. The test was originally described and cleared in K211079. The BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 uses BioFire FilmArray technology and is for use with BioFire FilmArray 2.0 and BioFire FilmArray Torch instruments. Once the sample is injected into the FilmArray pouch the pouch is loaded into the FilmArray instrument which performs all aspects of testing including nucleic acid extraction, reverse-transcription, and nested PCR with melt analysis. The currently cleared version of the test uses three SARS-CoV-2 assays and returns a ‘SARS-CoV-2 Detected’ call if one or more of the SARS-CoV-2 assays are positive.

The purpose of this submission is to display results for four additional SARS-CoV-2 assays which are currently present on the test, but for which results are masked through software. The assays are being unmasked as a mitigation against the risk of future SARS-CoV-2 variants affecting the sensitivity of the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 due to mutations in assay primer

regions. Note that to date BioFire Defense has not identified any variants that are predicted to affect the performance of the three-assay version of BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 described in K211079. These changes are being requested preemptively. The calling scheme when using the seven total SARS-CoV-2 assays will remain unchanged: one or more positive SARS-CoV-2 assay results will return an overall ‘SARS-CoV-2 Detected’ result.

# V. Intended Use

The BioFire® COVID-19 Test 2 is a qualitative nested multiplexed RT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with the BioFire® FilmArray $^ { \mathfrak { P } } 2 . 0$ and BioFire® FilmArray® Torch Systems. The BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 detects nucleic acids from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from symptomatic individuals suspected of COVID-19 by their healthcare provider.

Results are for the identification of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. The SARS-CoV-2 RNA is generally detectable in NPS specimens during the acute phase of infection. Positive results are indicative of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA; clinical correlation with patient history and other diagnostic information is necessary to determine patient infection status. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other pathogens.

Results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory data, in accordance with the guidelines provided by the relevant public health authorities. The BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is intended for use by trained medical and laboratory professionals in a laboratory setting or under the supervision of a trained laboratory professional.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# VI. Substantial Equivalence

The modified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is substantially equivalent to its predicate. No changes to the chemistry or intended use of the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 have been made. Only minor modifications to the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 Pouch Module software have been made to include results for seven SARS-CoV-2 assays instead of three. Performance evaluation studies used to support K211079 were re-analyzed with no significant impact. Table 1 compares elements of the modified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 to its predicate device and outlines their similarities and differences.

Table 1. Substantial Equivalence between the subject device and predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:BioFire COVID-19 Test 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:BioFire COVID-19 Test 2(K211079)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BioFire® COVID-19 Test 2 is a qualitative nested multiplexedRT-PCR in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with theBioFire® FilmArray® 2.0 and BioFire® FilmArray® Torch Systems.The BioFire COvID-19 Test 2 detects nucleic acids from severeacute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) innasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) from symptomatic individualssuspected of COvID-19 by their healthcare provider.Results are for the identification of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. The SARS-CoV-2 RNA is generally detectable in NPS specimens during theacute phase of infection. Positive results are indicative of thepresence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA; clinical correlation with patienthistory and other diagnostic information is necessary todetermine patient infection status. Positive results do not ruleout co-infection with other pathogens.Results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical,epidemiologic, and laboratory data, in accordance with theguidelines provided by the relevant public health authorities.The BioFire COvID-19 Test 2 is intended for use by trainedmedical and laboratory professionals in a laboratory setting orunder the supervision of a trained laboratory professional.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal swabs eluted in transport medium or saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PathogensDetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAssays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested multiplex RT-PCR followed by high resolution meltinganalysis to confirm identity of amplified product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FilmArray 2.0 or FilmArray Torch systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~45 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestInterpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation and report generation. Usercannot access raw data. Software uses results from 3 assays.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated testinterpretation and reportgeneration. User cannotaccess raw data. Softwareuses results from 7 assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in each reagent pouch to control forsample processing and both stages of PCR and melt analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayedExternalControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UserComplexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate/Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# VII. Summary of Performance Data

Although the FDA-cleared version of the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 described in K211079 only uses three SARS-CoV-2 assays for result interpretation, all seven assays were present on the test during the V&V study execution. Therefore, no additional testing was performed for this submission. Instead, all study data previously submitted in K211079 were re-analyzed using the updated BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 Pouch Module (Build 2.1.1.2C) to include results for the four previously masked assays in the study reports.

Table 2 summarizes the re-analyzed studies and any changes in the performance data. Note that in some cases, studies were leveraged to support both the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 (K211079) and the BioFire COVID-19 Test v1.1 (EUA200044). The BioFire COVID-19 Test v1.1 and BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 have identical chemistry and manufacturing processes.

Table 2. Summary of Reanalyzed Performance Data   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary of Results Following Reanalysis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Bench Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-029903</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test Evaluation ofSpecificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No unexpected reactivity was observed with anyof the organisms/viruses. Performance of themodified BioFire COvID-19 Test 2 is equivalent tothe predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-029904</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test Evaluation ofSensitivity - LoD and ContrivedTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity of the modified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2when using infectious SARS-CoV-2 virus is effectivelyequivalent to the predicate device: 3.3E+02 GC/mL.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030331</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test 2Determination of Limit of Detection -Inactivated Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity of the modified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2when using inactivated SARS-CoV-2 is equivalent tothe predicate device: 3.3E+02 GE/mL.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030333</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 Evaluation ofSpecificity (Exclusivity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No unexpected reactivity was observed with any ofthe organisms/viruses. Performance of the modifiedBioFire COvID-19 Test 2 is equivalent to thepredicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030334</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COvID-19 Test 2 Evaluation ofPotentially Interfering Substances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None of the substances tested were determinedto be inhibitory to the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2.Performance of the modified BioFire COvID-19Test 2 is equivalent to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030336</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COvID-19 Test 2 Evaluation ofSpecimen Storage and Transport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The detection rate for all evaluated samples andstorage conditions was 100%. Performance of themodified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is equivalent tothe predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030358</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity/Proficiency Testing of theBioFire COVID-19 Test 2 with FDA-Provided SARS-CoV-2 Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall results for testing the FDA Reference Panelwith the modified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 arecomparable to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030398</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 Multi-SiteReproducibility Evaluation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percent agreement between observed andexpected results were &gt;95% for each sample andeach site, except for negative samples at Site 2.Percent agreement at Site 2 for negative samples</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">was 93.3%. The percent agreement was the samefor the predicate device. Performance of themodified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is equivalent tothe predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030404</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 Evaluation ofReactivity (Inclusivity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All four strains tested were detected at near LoDconcentrations. Performance of the modifiedBioFire COvID-19 Test 2 is equivalent to thepredicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030666</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test - Saline andPBS Validation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The detection rate for NPS in saline at 1x LoD was20/20 (100%). Performance of the modifiedBioFire COvID-19 Test 2 is equivalent to thepredicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030316</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COVID-19 Stability Study for COVID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BioFire COVID-19 Test stability evaluationdemonstrated 20 months of stability at 18-30°C.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Clinical Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030617</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 ProspectiveClinical Evaluation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance of the modified BioFire COVID-19Test 2 was 98.6% PPA (68/69), and 99.1% NPA(450/454). Whereas performance of thepredicate device was 98.6% PPA (68/69) and99.6% NPA (452/454). The overall performance ofthe modified BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 isequivalent to the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">In Silico Analyses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-SDY-030174</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COVID-19 Test In Silico ExclusivityAnalyses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only near-neighbor non-human coronavirusgenomes showed significant homology to assay-specific sets of PCR2 primers and are predicted tobe detected by the BioFire COVID-19 Test 2. It isunlikely that these isolates would be found in thehuman respiratory samples, however little is knownabout their potential to infect a human host.No other significant amplification of non-targetsequences is predicted.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DF-OTH-030895</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire COVID-19 Test In SilicoInclusivity Summary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No sequences submitted to GISAID before May 4,2022, were identified with co-occurringmutations impacting the performance of allassays. As such, BFDf predicts all strains of SARS-CoV-2, including all current VOCs, VOIs, andVUMs, will be detected by the BioFire COVID-19Test 2.</td></tr></table>