Becton, Dickinson and Company   
Susan Kircher   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, Maryland 21152

Re: K222591 Trade/Device Name: BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2560 Regulation Name: Microbial Growth Monitor Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: MDB Dated: August 25, 2022 Received: August 26, 2022

Dear Susan Kircher:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief,   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K222591

Device Name BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials

Indications for Use (Describe)   
BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials are used in a qualitative procedure for the aerobic culture and recovery of microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood. The principal use of this medium is with the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments. Additional information   
The device aids in the diagnosis of disease caused by pathogenic microorganisms and is automated on the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Special 510(k) Summary

Summary Preparation Date: 8/25/2022

A. 510(k) Number: K222591

To obtain a substantial equivalence determination for a premarket notification for the modified BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials.

C. Measurand: Aerobic microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood

# D. Type of Test:

Liquid culture medium for recovery of microorganisms from blood using fluorescent technology to detect increases in $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ produced by the growth of microorganisms.

# E. Applicant:

BD Diagnostic Systems   
Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, MD 21152

Establishment Registration Number: 1119779

F. Proprietary and Established Name BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials

# G. Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 866.2560 MicrobialGrowth Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83-Microbiology</td></tr></table>

# H. Intended Use/Indications for Use:

1. Intended Use:

BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials are used in a qualitative procedure for the aerobic culture and recovery of microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood. The principal use of this medium is with the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments.

# Additional information

The device aids in the diagnosis of disease caused by pathogenic microorganisms and is automated on the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments.

2. Indication(s) for Use:

Same as Intended Use

3. Special Conditions for Use Statement:

RX - For Prescription Use Only

4. Special Instrument Requirements:

The BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments (BD BACTEC™ FX, BD BACTEC™ FX40, BD BACTEC™ 9240 and BD BACTEC™ 9050) were evaluated using the software versions listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software Version</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BACTECTM FX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.40A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BACTECTM9240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.95A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BDBACTECTM9050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01A2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD BACTECTMFX40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40A</td></tr></table>

# I. Device Description

The BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials contain a bacterial growth medium intended for use in the qualitative culture and recovery of aerobic microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood. It has been designed for blood volumes of three (3) to ten (10) milliliters and is used specifically with the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent-series instruments in monitoring of clinical blood specimens for the presence of microorganisms.

BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials are supplied in a carton containing 50 vials. It is a nonsterile product.

# J. Substantial Equivalence1 Information:

1. Predicate Device Name:

BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials

2. Predicate Device 510(k) Number:

K113558

3. Comparison with Predicate Device:

The similarities between the modified BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials and the current legally marketed predicate device, BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials (K113558) are summarized in comparison Table 1. The modified device formulation differs from that of the predicate device in the concentration of vitamins.

The modified BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials utilize the same specimens, test principles, and growth detection technology as the current legally marketed device.

Table 1. Comparison to the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">BD BACTECTM Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials Predicate Device</td><td>BD BACTECTM Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td>Device I</td><td></td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Class Product Code</td><td>MDB</td><td></td><td>Same BD BACTECTM Plus Aerobic/F Culture</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>BD BACTECTM Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials are used in a qualitative procedure for the aerobic culture and recovery of microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood. The principal use of this medium is with the BD BACTECTM fluorescent series instruments.</td><td>Vials are used in a qualitative procedure for the aerobic culture and recovery of microorganisms (bacteria and yeast) from blood. The principal use of this medium is with the BD BACTECTM fluorescent series instruments. Additional information The device aids in the diagnosis of disease caused by pathogenic microorganisms and is automated on the BD BACTECTM fluorescent series instruments.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Organisms Detected</td><td>Aerobic bacteria and yeasts If microorganisms are present in the test sample</td><td>inoculated into the BD BACTECTM vial, CO2 will be</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Technology</td><td>produced when the organisms metabolize the substrates present in the vial. Increases in the fluorescence of the vial sensor caused by the higher amount of CO2 are monitored by the BD BACTECTM fluorescent series instrument. Analysis of the rate and amount of CO2 increase enables the BD BACTECTM fluorescent series instrument to determine if the vial is positive, i.e., that the test sample contains viable organisms. This qualitative culture functions as an aid to diagnosis and is automated on the BD BACTECTM fluorescent series</td><td>Same</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>instrument.</td><td>Blood</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Bottle Material</td><td>Plastic</td><td></td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Volume</td><td>3-10 mL</td><td></td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Growth Media</td><td>30 mL enriched Soybean-Casein Digest Broth</td><td></td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# K. Principle of Operation:

If microorganisms are present in a test sample that is inoculated into the BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials, $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ will be produced due to metabolism of substrates present in the vial. Increases in the fluorescence of the vial sensor caused by the higher amount of $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ are monitored by BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments. Analysis of the rate and amount of $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ increase enables the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instrument to determine if the vial is positive, i.e., that the test sample contains viable organisms. This qualitative culture functions as an aid to diagnosis and is automated on the BD BACTEC™ fluorescent series instruments.

# L. Performance Characteristics:

# 1. Analytical Performance

Six studies were conducted to demonstrate substantial equivalence between of the modified BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials to the current, legally marketed device, BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials (predicate). These studies included: Instrument Time to Detection, Percent Recovery (Sensitivity), False Negative Rate, False Positive Rate, BACTEC™ Instrument Compatibility, and Resin Performance (Antimicrobial Neutralization Capability).

# Instrument Time to Detection

Instrument time to detection (TTD) was assessed using paired sets of the modified and predicate device. Three lots of each device were inoculated with blood volumes of 3 and $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ . All vials were inoculated with 44 organisms at a concentration of 10-100 CFU/vial. All vials were then placed into both a BACTEC™ FX and a BACTEC™ FX40 instrument resulting in a total of 264 vials at each blood volume condition. A subset of 15 organisms were also evaluated at a concentration of 0-1 and 1-10 CFU/vial at each blood volume on the BACTEC™ FX instrument for a total of 45 vials at each inoculum and blood volume condition. Data are summarized in Table 2.

There were two isolates that produced $a > 1 0 \%$ difference at the 10-100 CFU inoculum level that were in favor of the predicate device, Rothia mucilaginosa and Stenotrophomonas maltophilia. Additional strains of each species were tested in triplicate. Results of this testing demonstrated the delay in TTD in the modified device was strain specific and not related to the organism species.

The results of this study indicate no statistically relevant difference in time to detection for the modified device when compared to the predicate device.

Table 2. Instrument Time to Detection Stratified by Organism, Inoculum and Blood Volume (Bootstrap analysis)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetCFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%CI) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Abiotrophia defectivaA49176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.46 (16.340, 16.893)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.17 (16.872, 17.728)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.582 (0.250, 1.251) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.26 (16.009, 16.674)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.18 (16.951, 17.484)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.917 (0.583, 1.168) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acinetobacter IwoffiiA17925</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.60 (13.242, 13.884)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.88 (13.771, 14.323)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.416 (-0.84, 0.916) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.94 (14.579, 23.048)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.30 (14.106, 14.663)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.751 (-8.835, 0.084) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aggregatibacteractinomycetemcomitans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.57 (25.059, 26.572)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.40 (24.307, 26.573)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.250 (-1.001, 0.334) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (5%C) (N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%CI) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9710</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.90 (25.242, 26.317)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.09 (25.052, 26.242)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.083 (-0.993, 1.000) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Aerococcus viridins11563</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.12 (10.851, 12.060)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.29 (11.016, 11.891)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083 (-0.584, 0.666) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.71 (11.430, 12.069)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.12 (11.707, 12.373)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.415 (-0.168, 0.749) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Alcaligenes faecalisA8750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.19 (21.250, 23.029)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.39 (21.080, 21.913)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.834 (-1.417, 0.166) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.16 (21.867, 26.865)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.03 (20.115, 22.738)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.001 (-5.835, -1.168) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bacillus subtilisA82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.32 (24.552, 26.172)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.31 (23.821, 24.839)[6[</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.334 (-1.500, -0.249) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.32 (27.073, 28.073)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.41 (25.814, 27.083)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.000 (-1.500, -0.666) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida albicansA18804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.57 (25.237, 26.743)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.07 (22.403, 23.826)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.083 (-3.501,-1.666) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.08 (25.576, 27.823)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.91 (23.075, 25.655)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.418 (-3.502, -0.917) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.59 (31.423, 32.758)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.09 (27.089, 28.091)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.501 (-4.666, -3.333) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.09 (31.277, 37.252)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.92 (27.609, 29.084)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.001 (-8.334, -3.668) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida aurisAR 0378</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.10 (19.895, 24.208)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.67 (18.989, 20.622)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.253 (-3.835, -0.831) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.34 (18.843, 23.283)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.17 (18.760, 19.427)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.418 (-3.856, 0.166) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida glabrataA15545</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.47 (60.632, 76.150)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.61 (30.880, 34.341)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-34.364 (-42.309, 29.752)[6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.13 (53.885, 72.461)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.44 (33.083, 37.708)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-24.274 (-35.169, -20.803)[6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida glabrataA66032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.87 (61.875, 69.053)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.59 (28.448, 31.744)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-35.531 (-37.947, -32.531)[6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.85 (42.084, 54.609)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.11 (26.166, 29.345)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-21.501 (-25.335, -14.084)[6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.79 (88.624, 101.123)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.62 (34.122, 40.121)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-56.667 (-67.000, -53.001)[3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.28 (91.288, 105.620)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.45 (37.951, 48.453)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-62.334 (-65.168, -42.835)[3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paireddetection*]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CardiobacteriumhominisNCTC 10426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.15 (40.061, 49.911)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.90 (40.559, 50.410)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.082 (-0.501, 1.165) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.57 (41.238, 51.321)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.48 (40.819, 50.821)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.084 (-1.418, 0.499) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%C) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Corynebacteriumjekeium A43216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.98 (27.820, 30.150)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.57 (28.313, 30.649)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.499 (-0.668, 0.749) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.94 (26.827, 38.814)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.35 (27.076, 39.813)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.249 (-0.918, 2.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">CryptococcusneoformansA32045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.54 (60.644, 68.285)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.30 (55.226, 58.950)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.084 (-9.835, -5.084) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.23 (66.305, 88.745)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.13 (59.888, 65.290)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.269 (-23.536, -5.167)[6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.99 (66.284, 71.491)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.11 (60.950, 66.452)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-5.040 (-5.334, -3.873) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.28 (77.613, 82.116)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.28 (68.611, 71.318){3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.798 (-12.670, -8.337_[3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.80 (79.630, 90.300)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.40 (69.833, 76.963(2])</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.816 (-12.965, -2.667) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Eikinella corrodensA23834</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.82 (29.809, 32.319)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.31 (31.309, 33.151)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.001 (0.166, 1.999) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.25 (30.054, 32.647)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.91 (29.558, 32.311)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.501 (-1.418, 0.749) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Enterobacter cloacaeA35030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.63 (8.525, 8.756) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.76 (8.527, 8.959) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.000 (-0.001, 0.332) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.03 (8.885, 9.420) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.11 (8.883, 9.503) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.082 (-0.168, 0.250) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Enterococcus faecalisA29212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.78 (9.589, 9.985) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.92 (9.775, 10.153) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.165 (-0.001, 0.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.01 (9.926, 10.178) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.07 (9.785, 10.343) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.001 (-0.251, 0.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.63 (11.296, 11.631)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.21 (11.127, 11.296)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.251 (-0.501, -0.001) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.62 (11.459, 12.124)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.95 (11.625, 11.956)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 (-0.168, 0.333) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Escherichia coli25922</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.32 (9.153, 9.490) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.24 (9.142, 9.417) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.084 (-0.334, 0.248) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.57 (9.307, 9.992) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.48 (9.389, 10.072) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.084 (-0.168, 0.332) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.61 (10.279, 11.114)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.61 (10.444, 10.614)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.168 (-0.500, 0.333) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.78 (11.608, 12.109)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.78 (10.774, 11.444)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.833 (-1.333, -0.334) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.55 (11.465, 11.633)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.80 (11.465, 12.131)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.249 (-0.167, 0.666) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.13 (12.126, 12.127)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.13 (11.959, 12.294)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.004 (-0.167, 0.160) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Granulicatella adiacensA43205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.92 (15.318, 16.428)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.59 (15.234, 15.832)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.501 (-0.834, 0.332) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.91 (15.992, 17.252)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.75 (15.741, 17.084)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.251 (-0.501, 0.166) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Haemophilus influenzaeA19418</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.08 (14.383, 17.662)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.95 (14.634, 17.579)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.000 (-0.293, 0.334) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.09 (14.631, 17.057)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.51 (14.844, 17.223)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.330 (-0.084. 0.581) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%CI) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.78 (15.609, 16.108)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.94 (15.774, 16.276)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 (-0.334, 0.666) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.27 (15.940, 16.606)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.44 (16.270, 16.606)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.001 (-0.168, 0.666) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Haemophilus influenzae,type aA9006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.45 (15.042, 17.271)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.28 (14.625, 17.936)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.001 (-0.584, 0.666) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.44 (13.453, 18.931)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.52 (13.787, 19.680)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.416 (-0.084, 0.833) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Haemophilus influenzae,type b A 10211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.63 (15.724, 19.783)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.04 (15.392, 21.281)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.416 (-0.585, 1.749) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.45 (14.137, 23.932)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.20 (14.219, 27.097)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.416 (-0.084, 3.667) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">HaemophilusparainfluenzaeA33392</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.67 (54.259, 83.760)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.34 (56.343, 82.507)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.582 (-8.501, 12.416) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.20 (45.585, 61.004)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.53 (49.085, 63.586)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.583 (-2.168, 5.000) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.99 (77.319, 94.656)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.49 (68.822, 74.987)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.833 (-25.834, -5.001) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.65 (56.652, 73.986)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.49 (62.985, 77.985)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.500 (-5.668, 21.333) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Kingella kingae230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.32 (15.902, 16.653)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.65 (15.995, 17.726)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.416 (-0.334, 1.415) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.56 (15.388, 18.325)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.81 (15.302, 18.574)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083 (-0.251, 0.582) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Klebsiella pneumoniaeA33495</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.62 (8.596, 8.771) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.53 (8.427, 8.689) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.166 (-0.252, 0.083) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.78 (8.615, 9.102) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.78 (8.772, 9.104) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.081 (-0.168, 0.248) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Leuconostoc speciesA21435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.22 (30.386, 34.989)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.14 (28.562, 37.90) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.667 (-4.668,6.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.81 (30.901, 48.995)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.82 (30.813, 42.313)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.584 (-6.681, 0.499) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Micrococcus luteusA4698</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.59 (33.819, 35.107)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.84 (33.319, 34.855)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.251 (-1.501, 0.249) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.59 (36.090, 37.340)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.75 (35.077, 37.852)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 (-1.751, 1.249) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.17 (37.172, 39.670)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.67 (37.669, 40.671)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.501 (-2.000, 3.500) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.17 (39.166, 41.665)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.75 (24.832, 40.666)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-7.667 (-16.833, 1.500) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Neisseria gonorrhoeaeA10150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.09 (22.511, 23.265)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.11 (22.586, 23.259)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083 (-0.582, 0.584) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.51 (22.608, 24.246)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.09 (22.277, 23.579)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.500 (-1.001, 0.084) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetCFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Volume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (95% C) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%C) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.40 (25.400, 26.401)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.57 (26.563, 27.064)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.167 (0.166, 1.664) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.94 (24.608, 26.730)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.11 (25.729, 26.276)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.333 (-1.001, 1.499) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Neisseria meningitidisA13090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.57 (28.284, 46.981)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.57 (25.934, 44.647)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.334 (-6.970, 7.618) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.27 (17.639, 18.821)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.19 (17.939, 18.354)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.085 (-0.585, 0.416) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.08 (26.581, 27.084)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.58 (24.581, 27.083)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.000 (-2.501, -0.000) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.41 (20.412, 20.577)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.58 (19.076, 19.911)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.834 (-1.501, -0.500) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pediococcus acidilacticiA25740</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.01 (22.067, 22.619)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.84 (23.065, 25.369)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.248 (0.582, 1.750) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.62 (20.569, 20.842)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.59 (21.400, 22.449)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000 (0.749, 1.667) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Proteus mirabilisA8259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.67 (12.441, 12.975)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.72 (11.468, 11.971)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.084 (-1.336, -0.501) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.14 (13.188, 19.930)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.94 (11.722, 12.264)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.168 (-7.918, -1.250) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Providencia stuartii25825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.62 (10.531, 10.866)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.37 (10.194, 10.621)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.251 (-0.584, -0.001) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.28 (10.950, 11.455)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.03 (10.784, 11.203)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.251 (-0.418, -0.000) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">PseudomonasaeruginosaA27853</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.19 (14.091, 14.473)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.30 (14.090, 14.354)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.082 (-0.251, 0.166) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.31 (14.515, 16.265)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.97 (14.515, 15.182)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.501 (-1.167, 0.249) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.09 (15.584, 16.753)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.09 (15.919, 17.253)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.334 (-0.000, 0.501) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.42 (16.415, 16.580)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.08 (17.082, 17.247)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.666 (0.666, 0.667) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.10 (16.433, 17.430)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.27 (16.932, 17.763)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.333 (-0.166, 0.833) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.34 (17.259, 17.426)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.76 (17.757, 18.427)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.416 (0.333, 0.498) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rothia mucilaginosaNCTC 10663</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.55 (14.882, 16.469)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.80 (23.551, 27.799)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.999 (7.999, 12.250) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.80 (14.544, 16.811)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.38 (18.544, 21.810)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.667 (3.582, 5.332) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Saccharomycescerevisiae9763</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.64 (40.508, 48.241)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.24 (23.505, 25.554)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-21.334 (-23.168, -16.585)[6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.06 (28.740, 33.835)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.32 (23.310, 27.085)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-6.168 (-8.084, -3.668) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (95% C) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%CI) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Staphylococcus aureusA25923</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.17 (11.785, 12.402)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.48 (11.256, 11.701)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.751 (-0.918, -0.252) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.42 (11.225, 11.613)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.61 (10.418, 10.892)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.751 (-1.167, -0.418) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.43 (13.927, 14.429)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.92 (12.595, 13.259)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.501 (-1.834, -0.668) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.75 (12.583, 12.923)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.42 (12.089, 12.750)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.168 (-0.834, -0.001) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paireddetection*]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">StaphylococcusepidermidisA12228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.31 (17.091, 17.742)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.07 (14.719, 15.757)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.087 (-2.674, -1.833) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.91 (15.563, 16.671)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.91 (14.389, 15.503)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.089 (-1.338, -0.920) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.23 (19.068, 21.069)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.23 (16.066, 17.902)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.167 (-3.168, -2.834) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.73 (17.563, 18.064)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.56 (16.398, 18.562)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.501 (-1.334, -0.999) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">StenotrophomonasmaltophiliaA13637</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.07 (26.342, 27.610)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.34 (28.567, 32.775)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.494 (1.493, 5.666) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.59 (24.081, 29.353)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.51 (28.155, 35.103)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0245 (4.074, 6.418) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcusagalactiae A12928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.79 (8.594, 9.070) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.96 (8.840, 9.317) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.248 (-0.003, 0.415) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.21 (8756, 9.661) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.12 (8.921, 9.326) [6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.167 (-0.335, 0.248) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">StreptococcuspneumoniaeA6301</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.52 (11.282, 11.630)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.46 (11.043, 11.590)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.007 (-0.587, 0.249) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.20 (11.731, 12.380)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.04 (11.604, 12.230)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.254 (-0.675, 0.499) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">StreptococcuspneumoniaeA6303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.15 (10.887, 11.542)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.13 (10.952, 11.396)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.004 (-0.424, 0.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.47 (11.131, 11.809)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.73 (11.372, 11.965)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.328 (-0.338, 0.662) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">StreptococcuspneumoniaeA6305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.95 (12.697, 13.364)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.44 (12.277, 12.943)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.421 (-0.588, -0.336) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.38 (12.788, 13.941)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.19 (12.841, 13.462)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.084 (-1.016, 0.488) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.27 (13.264, 13.762)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.10 (13.928, 15.436)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.832 (0.166, 2.166) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.93 (13.261, 15.593)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.34 (15.093, 15.591)[2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083 (-0.499, 0.666) [2]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.11 (12.005, 12.402)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.17 (12.003, 12.504)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.001 (-0.168, 0.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetCFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceTTD (95% CI) [N]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TTD Difference(95%CI) [N]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A700673</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.59 (12.432, 12.827)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.68 (12.502, 12.910)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 (-0.251, 0.332) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus pyogenesA19615</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.16 (10.003, 10.387)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.41 (10.085, 10.554)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.249 (-0.084, 0.333) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.81 (10.482, 10.982)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.57 (10.396, 10.896)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.168 (-0.501, 0.249) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Streptococcus sanguinisA10556</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.60 (14.078, 15.364)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.01 (14.576, 15.281)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.499 (-0.167, 0.499) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.76 (14.429, 15.017)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.86 (14.513, 15.167)[6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 (-0.251, 0.416) [6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.56 (16.557, 16.892)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.06 (17.226, 19.056)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.166 (0.666, 2.499) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.05 (16.721, 19.389)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.22 (17.053, 17.388)[3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.166 (-2.001, 0.333) [3]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No paired detections*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Only 1 paired detection*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">All organisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.66 (15.809, 19.113) [264]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.331 (15.523, 20.786)[264]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.002 (-0.168, -0.001) [264]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.083 (16.089, 18.906)[264]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.328 (15.387, 19.012)[264]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.168 (-0.334, -0.001) [264]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19.23 (16.108, 27.083) [45]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.56 (16.150, 27.074) [44)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.501 (-2.417,-0.000) [44]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.06 (16.580, 24.943) [45]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.56 (17.053, 25.729) [43]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.499 (-1.001, -0.001) [43]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.08 (16.433, 39.617)[N=17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.75 (14.443, 31.697)[N=16]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.167 (-10.016, 0.499) [N=10]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.08 (13.274, 42.679)[N=15]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.82 (18.093, 41.637)[N=20]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.167 (-2.667, 0.498) [N=7]</td></tr></table>

\* At least two distinct values are required to generate a confidence interval

# Percent Recovery

The percent recovery was also assessed using the same organisms, blood volumes, vial lots, instruments, and inoculum levels as defined in the TTD study.

The results of this testing indicated no statistically relevant difference in recovery and are summarized in Table 3.

Table 3. Percent Recovery Stratified by Organism, Inoculum and Blood Volume   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetCFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device PercentRecovery(# positive bottles/# totalbottles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device PercentRecovery(# positive bottles/ # totalboottles)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Abiotrophia defectivaA49176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Acinetobacter IwoffiiA17925</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitansNCTC 9710</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Aerococcus viridinsA11563</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Alcaligenes faecalisA8750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bacillus subtilisA82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida albicansA18804</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida aurisAR 0378</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candida glabrataA15545</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Candida glabrataA66032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cardiobacterium hominisNCTC 10426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Corynebacterium jeikeiumA43216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cryptococcus neoformansA32045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eikinella corrodens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetCFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device PercentRecovery(# positive bottles/# total bottles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device PercentRecovery(# positive bottles/ # totalbottles)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A23834</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Enterobacter cloacaeA35030</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Enterococcus faecalisA29212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Escherichia coliA25922</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Granulicatella adiacensA43205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Haemophilus influenzaeA19418</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Haemophilus influenzaeA9006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Haemophilus influenzaeA10211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Haemophilus parainfluenzaeA33392</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Kingella kingaeA23330</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Klebsiella pneumoniaeA33495</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Leuconostoc speciesA21435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Micrococcus luteusA4698</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Neisseria gonorrhoeaeA10150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.35 (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Neisseria meningitidisA13090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0 (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pediococcus acidilacticiA25740</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Proteus mirabilisA8259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Providencia stuartiiA25825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Pseudomonas aeruginosaA27853</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Rothia mucilaginosaNCTC 10663</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Saccharomyces cerevisiaeA9763</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Staphylococcus aureusA25923</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Staphylococcus epidermidisA12228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Stenotrophomonas maltophiliaA13637</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus agalactiaeA12928</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus pneumoniaeA6301</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus pneumoniaeA6303</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumonige</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetCFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BloodVolume(mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device PercentRecovery(# positive bottles/# total botles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device PercentRecovery(# positive bottles/ # totalbottles)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">A6305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7% (2/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus pneumoniaeA700673</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcus pyogenesA19615</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Streptococcus sanguinisA10556</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (6/6)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (3/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0% (0/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (1/3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">All organisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (264/264)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (264/264)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (264/264)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (264/264)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1-10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (45/45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.8% (44/45)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (45/45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.6% (43/45)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.8% (17/45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.6% (16/45)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3% (15/45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.4% (20/45)</td></tr></table>

# False Negative Rate

The false negative rate was determined from the Percent Recovery study which was conducted on the BACTEC™ FX Instrument, resulting in a total of 444 vials $( 2 6 4 ~ + 9 0 + 9 0$ per device). Following the 120-hour incubation protocol, there were 115 instrument negative vials (57 in the modified device and 58 in the predicate device). All negative vials failed to yield growth upon terminal subculture. As a result, there were no false negative vials observed in this study.

# False Positive Rate

False positive rate was assessed by inoculating the modified and the predicate device with various volumes of blood. Eight replicates from each of 3 lots were inoculated with either 2, 4, 6, 8 or $1 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of freshly drawn human blood without organism for a total of 120 vials per each device. All vials were negative following the 120-hour incubation protocol. No false positive vials were observed in this study.

# Instrument Compatibility

The instrument compatibility study was designed to assess performance equivalency (Recovery and TTD) of the modified and predicate device across four BACTEC™ Fluorescent Series Instruments (BACTEC™ FX, BACTEC™ FX40, BACTEC™ 9240 and BACTEC™ 9050). Testing on the BACTEC™ FX and BACTEC™ FX40 utilized an inoculum of 10-100 CFU/vial and the same study design and blood volumes as described in the TTD study for a total of 264 paired sets per instrument. Testing on the BACTEC™ 9240 and BACTEC™ 9050 utilized a subset of 16 organisms at the same inoculum level and blood volumes as used in the BACTEC™ FX and BACTEC™ FX40 testing for a total of 96 pairs.

There were no recovery failures in any of the instruments for either the modified or predicate device. Additionally, there were no significant differences in TTD and these results are summarized in Table 4 and Table 5.

Table 4. BACTEC™ FX and BACTEC™ FX40 TTD (Bootstrap Analysis)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTMInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total NumberPositive Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device[TTD (95% CI)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device[TTD (95% CI)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TTD Difference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTM FX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.28 (15.37, 17.81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.42 (15.14, 18.47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.001 (-0.168, -0.000)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTM FX40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.40 (16.48, 19.56)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.07 (16.07, 20.11)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.168 (-0.334, -0.001)</td></tr></table>

Table 5. BACTEC™ FX, BACTEC™ 9240 and BACTEC™ 9050 TTD (Bootstrap Analysis)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTMInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total NumberPositive Vials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device[TTD (95% CI)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device[TTD (95% CI)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TTD Difference(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTM FX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.52 (11.75, 15.46)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.12 (11.51, 14.61)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.167 (-0.415, 0.001)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTM 9240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.50 (11.09, 15.67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.82 (11.00, 13.84)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.333 (-0.500, 0.000)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BACTECTM 9050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.92 (11.67, 16.50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.17 (11.25, 14.67)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.167 (-0.334, 0.000)</td></tr></table>

The results of this testing support the use of the modified device on all four BACTEC™ Fluorescent Series Instruments.

# Resin Performance

Resin performance was assessed using $7 \mathrm { m L }$ of blood, 17 antimicrobials and organisms representing a diversity of MICs to each antimicrobial agent, for a total of 314 antibiotic/organism combinations per lot of media. The recovery was stratified for each lot of the modified and the predicate device and is summarized in Table 6. There was no statistically significant difference observed between lot pairs. All negative vials were also negative on terminal subculture.

Table 6. Percent Recovery Stratified by Device and Lot   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device and Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total VialsTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeVials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device—-Lot A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device Lot A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Lot B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device Lot B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Lot C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device Lot C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1884</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.78</td></tr></table>

# 2. Clinical Studies

Not applicable; seeded analytical studies were performed to compare the modified BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials to the predicate BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials.

# M. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling supports the finding of substantial equivalence for this device.

# N. Conclusion:

The studies conducted support the performance of the modified BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic/F Culture Vials as substantially equivalent to the predicate device.