Abbott Laboratories Dominic Tunzi Regulatory Project Manager 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, Illinois 60064

Re: K222850 Trade/Device Name: HAVAb IgG II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3310 Regulation Name: Hepatitis A Virus (HAV) Serological Assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LOL Dated: September 19, 2022 Received: September 21, 2022

Dear Dominic Tunzi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Maria I. Garcia -S

Maria Garcia, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K222850

Device Name HAVAb IgG II

Indications for Use (Describe)

The HAVAb IgG II assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the qualitative detection of IgG antibody to hepatitis A virus (IgG anti-HAV) in human adult and pediatric (4 through 21 years) serum (collected in serum and serum separator tubes) and plasma (collected in sodium heparin, lithium heparin, lithium heparin separator, dipotassium EDTA, and tripotassium EDTA tubes) from patients with signs and symptoms or at risk for hepatitis A on the Alinity i system.

The HAVAb IgG II assay is used to determine the immune status of individuals to hepatitis A virus (HAV) infection. Warning: This assay has not been cleared for use in screening blood, plasma, or tissue donors. This assay cannot be used for the diagnosis of acute HAV infection.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established when the HAVAb IgG II assay is used in conjunction with other hepatitis assays.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# I. 510(k) Number

K222850

# II. Applicant Name

Abbott Laboratories Department 09AA, Building CP01 100 Abbott Park Road Abbott Park, IL 60064

Primary contact person for all communications:

Dominic Tunzi, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Abbott Laboratories   
dominic.tunzi@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 668-3644   
Fax (224) 667-4836

Secondary contact person for all communications:

Noah Lermer PhD, Director Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Laboratories   
noah.lermer@abbott.com   
Phone (224) 668-7613   
Fax (224) 667-1221

Date Summary Prepared: August 9, 2023

# III. Device Name

HAVAb IgG II

# Reagent

Trade Name: HAVAb IgG II Reagent Kit   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Hepatitis A virus (HAV) serological assays   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR $\$ 866.3310$   
Code: LOL

# Calibrator

Trade Name: HAVAb IgG II Calibrator   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Clinical Chemistry Test Systems: Calibrator   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR $\$ 862.1150$   
Code: JIS

# Controls

Trade Name: HAVAb IgG II Controls   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Assayed quality control material for clinical microbiology assays   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR $\$ 866.3920$   
Code: QCH

# IV. Predicate Device

Abbott Laboratories: ARCHITECT HAVAB-G (-K113704)

V. Description of Device

Reagents

The kit configuration of the HAVAb IgG II reagent kit is described below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per cartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of cartridges per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests per kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Diluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4 mL</td></tr></table>

Microparticles: HAV (human) coated microparticles in MOPS / potassium chloride buffer. Minimum concentration: $0 . 0 8 \%$ solids. Preservative: ProClin 300.

Conjugate: Anti-human IgG (mouse, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES / sodium chloride buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer and surfactants. Minimum concentration: $0 . 0 1 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . Preservatives: ProClin 300 and ProClin 950.   
Assay Diluent: Assay diluent containing protein (goat, mouse, and bovine) stabilizers in TRIS buffer and surfactant. Preservatives: ProClin 300 and ProClin 950.

# Calibrator

The HAVAb IgG II Calibrator is described below.

Calibrator 1 contains recalcified human plasma reactive for IgG antibody to hepatitis A virus (IgG anti-HAV). Preservatives: ProClin 300 and sodium azide.

The target concentration for the calibrator is provided in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG Anti-HAVConcentration(mIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 3.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Greena</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr></table>

a Dye: Green (Acid Yellow No. 23 and Acid Blue No. 9)

The HAVAb IgG II Calibrator is traceable to the World Health Organization (WHO) 2nd International Standard for Anti-hepatitis A, Immunoglobulin, Human (NIBSC Code: 97/646).

# Controls

The HAVAb IgG II Controls are described below.

The negative control contains recalcified anti-HAV negative human plasma with protein (bovine) stabilizer. The positive control contains recalcified human plasma reactive for IgG anti-HAV.

Preservatives: ProClin 300 and sodium azide.

The target ranges for the controls are provided in the table below. The ranges may be used for individual replicate control specifications on the Alinity i system.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG Anti-HAVRange(S/CO)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 3.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Natural</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 x 3.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blueb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03 - 3.53</td></tr></table>

b Dye: Acid Blue No. 9

The HAVAb IgG II positive control is traceable to the WHO 2nd International Standard for Anti-hepatitis A, Immunoglobulin, Human (NIBSC code: 97/646).

# Biological Principles of the Procedure

This assay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG anti-HAV in human adult and pediatric serum and plasma from patients with signs and symptoms or at risk for hepatitis using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology.

Sample, HAV (human) coated paramagnetic microparticles, and assay diluent are combined and incubated. The IgG anti-HAV present in the sample binds to the HAV (human) coated microparticles. The mixture is washed. Anti-human IgG acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture and incubated. Following a wash cycle, Pre-Trigger and Trigger Solutions are added.

The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as a relative light unit (RLU). There is a direct relationship between the amount of IgG anti-HAV in the sample and the RLU detected by the system optics.

The presence or absence of IgG anti-HAV in the sample is determined by comparing the chemiluminescent RLU in the reaction to the cutoff RLU determined from an active calibration.

# VI. Intended Use of the Device

The HAVAb IgG II assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the qualitative detection of IgG antibody to hepatitis A virus (IgG anti-HAV) in human adult and pediatric (4 through 21 years) serum (collected in serum and serum separator tubes) and plasma (collected in sodium heparin, lithium heparin, lithium heparin separator, dipotassium EDTA, and tripotassium EDTA tubes) from patients with signs and symptoms or at risk for hepatitis A on the Alinity i system.

The HAVAb IgG II assay is used to determine the immune status of individuals to hepatitis A virus (HAV) infection.

Warning: This assay has not been cleared for use in screening blood, plasma, or tissue donors. This assay cannot be used for the diagnosis of acute HAV infection.

Assay performance characteristics have not been established when the HAVAb IgG II assay is used in conjunction with other hepatitis assays.

# VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The HAVAb IgG II assay (subject device) is an automated immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG anti-HAV in human adult and pediatric serum and plasma from patients with signs and symptoms or at risk for hepatitis using CMIA technology on the Alinity i system.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the following table.

# Comparison of Subject Device (HAVAb IgG II) to Predicate Device (ARCHITECT HAVAB-G)

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences Between Subject &amp; Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:HAVAb IgG II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:ARCHITECT HAVAB-G (k113704)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The HAVAb IgG II assay is achemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA) used for thequalitative detection of IgG antibody tohepatitis A virus (IgG anti-HAV) inhuman adult and pediatric (4 through21 years) serum (collected in serumand serum separator tubes) and plasma(collected in sodium heparin, lithiumheparin, lithium heparin separator,dipotassium EDTA, and tripotassiumEDTA tubes) from patients with signsand symptoms or at risk for hepatitis Aon the Alinity i system.The HAVAb IgG II assay is used todetermine the immune status ofindividuals to hepatitis A virus (HAV)infection.Warning: This assay has not beencleared for use in screening blood,plasma, or tissue donors. This assaycannot be used for the diagnosis ofacute HAV infection.Assay performance characteristics havenot been established when the HAVAbIgG II assay is used in conjunctionwith other hepatitis assays.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ARCHITECT HAVAB-G assay is achemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA) for the qualitativedetection of IgG antibody to hepatitis Avirus (IgG anti-HAV) in human adult andpediatric serum from patients with signsand symptoms or at risk for hepatitis. TheARCHITECT HAVAB-G assay is used todetermine the immune status of individualsto hepatitis A virus infection.Warning: This assay has not been FDAcleared or approved for the screening ofblood or plasma donors. This assaycannot be used for the diagnosis of acuteHAV infection.Assay performance characteristics havenot been established when theARCHITECT HAVAB-G assay is used inconjunction with other hepatitis assays.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent MicroparticleImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent MicroparticleImmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAV (Strain pHM175)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAV (Strain pHM175)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation ofResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonreactive: &lt; 1.00 S/COReactive: ≥ 1.00 S/CO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonreactive: &lt; 1.00 S/COReactive: ≥ 1.00 S/CO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (Negative and Positive)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (Negative and Positive)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-LaboratoryPrecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011 - 0.045 SD(for samples &lt; 1.00 S/CO)• 2.5 - 5.8 %CV(for samples ≥ 1.00 S/CO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.029- 0.050 SD(for samples &lt; 1.00 S/CO)• 3.2 - 4.1 %CV(for samples ≥ 1.00 S/CO)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Subject Device:</td><td>Predicate Device:</td></tr><tr><td>Reproducibility</td><td>HAVAb IgG II 0.046 - 0.053 SD (for samples &lt; 1.00 S/CO) • 4.7 - 5.2 %CV</td><td>ARCHITECT HAVAB-G (k113704) 0.023 - 0.116 SD (for samples &lt; 1.00 S/CO) • 4.6 - 10.8 %CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">(for samples ≥ 1.00 S/CO) General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td>Type of Specimen</td><td>Serum and Plasma</td><td>Serum</td></tr><tr><td>Platform</td><td>Alinity i system</td><td>ARCHITECT i System</td></tr><tr><td>Components</td><td>Microparticles  HAV (human) coated microparticles in MOPS / potassium chloride buffer. Minimum concentration: 0.08% solids. Preservative: ProClin 300. Conjugate  Anti-human IgG (mouse, monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES / sodium chloride buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer and surfactants. Minimum concentration: 0.01 μg/mL. Preservatives: ProClin 300 and ProClin 950. Assay Diluent  Assay diluent containing protein (goat, mouse, and bovine) stabilizers in TRIS buffer and surfactant. Preservatives: ProClin 300 and ProClin 950.</td><td>Microparticles  HAV (human) coated microparticles in TRIS buffer. Minimum concentration: 0.08% solids. Preservatives: ProClin 300 and antimicrobial agents. Conjugate  Anti-human IgG (mouse monoclonal) acridinium-labeled conjugate in MES buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizer. Minimum concentration: 0.01 µg/mL. Preservatives: sodium azide and antimicrobial agents. Assay Diluent  Protein (goat) stabilizer in TRIS buffer. Preservatives: ProClin 300 and antimicrobial agents.</td></tr></table>

VIII. Summary of Nonclinical Performance

# Within-Laboratory Precision (20-Day)

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3. \* Testing was conducted using 2 lots of the HAVAb IgG II reagents, 2 lots of the HAVAb IgG II Calibrator, 1 lot of the HAVAb IgG II Controls, and 2 instruments. Two controls and 2 human serum panels were tested in a minimum of 2 replicates twice per day on 20 days on 4 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations, where a unique reagent lot and a unique calibrator lot are paired with 1 instrument. The performance from a representative combination is shown in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(Rangeb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV(Rangeb)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028(0.026-0.045)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040(0.036-0.078)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2(2.9-5.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015(0.011-0.035)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.063(0.055-0.090)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9(2.5-4.0)</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N A } = \mathrm { N o t }$ applicable

a Includes within-run, between-run, and between-day variability.

b Minimum and maximum SD or $\% \mathrm { C V }$ across 4 reagent lot/calibrator lot/instrument combinations.

# Analytical Specificity

Potentially Interfering Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP07, 3rd ed.\* Each substance was tested at 2 levels of the analyte (approximately $0 . 8 0 \mathrm { S } / \mathrm { C O }$ and 1.20 S/CO).

No significant interference (interference ≤ +0.10 S/CO for 0.80 S/CO samples and $\geq - 1 0 \%$ for 1.20 S/CO samples) was observed at the following concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Significant Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Interferent Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Default Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate Units</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.94 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

# Other Specimen Conditions or Disease States

The HAVAb IgG II assay was evaluated for potential interference using specimens from individuals with medical conditions unrelated to HAV. All specimens tested nonreactive for $\mathrm { I g G }$ anti-HAV as determined by a comparator assay (ARCHITECT HAVAB-G). A total of 251 specimens from 21 different categories were evaluated; 241 specimens $( 9 6 . 0 2 \% )$ ) were nonreactive and 10 specimens $( 3 . 9 8 \% )$ were reactive by the HAVAb IgG II assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HAVAb IgG II (on Alinity i)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-cytomegalovirus (anti-CMV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Epstein-Barr virus (anti-EBV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Escherichia coli (anti-E coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-hepatitis B virus (anti-HBV)(i.e., anti-HBc, anti-HBs, and HBsAg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-hepatitis C virus (anti-HCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-mumps virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-nuclear antibodies (ANA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-rubeola (measles) virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Toxoplasma gondii (anti-T gondii)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-varicella zoster virus (anti-VZV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemodialysis patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis (noninfectious; chronic or acute toxic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterophile antibodies (nonspecific)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyper IgG (monoclonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyper IgM (monoclonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyper IgM (polyclonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza vaccine recipients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lupus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiparous pregnant women (all trimesters)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor (RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td></tr></table>

# IX. Summary of Clinical Performance

# Expected Values

Studies were performed with the HAVAb IgG II assay on the Alinity i instrument that included a total of 519 specimens from apparently healthy individuals, 250 specimens from individuals at increased risk of HAV infection, 499 specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of hepatitis infection, and 105 specimens from the pediatric population.

The specimens from the apparently healthy population were collected from multiple sites in Texas, Wisconsin, and New York. The specimens from adults at increased risk of HAV infection were collected in California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, North Carolina, and Texas. The specimens from adults with signs and symptoms of hepatitis infection were collected in California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, and Texas. The specimens from the pediatric population were collected in the US (California and Massachusetts) and Belgium. The distribution of reactive and nonreactive results are presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Apparently Healthy</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>IncreasedRisk ofHAVInfection</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Signs andSymptomsofHepatitisInfection</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PediatricPopulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Adults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pediatrics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPrevalenceArea(s)for HAV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPrevalenceArea(s)for HAV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPrevalenceArea(s)for HAV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPrevalenceArea(s)for HAV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.33</td></tr></table>

In addition, 4 of the 250 specimens collected from individuals at increased risk of HAV infection and 17 of the 499 specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of hepatitis infection were from pediatric subjects. Of the 21 specimens, $9 . 5 2 \%$ were reactive and $9 0 . 4 8 \%$ were nonreactive.

# System Reproducibility

A study was performed based on guidance from CLSI EP05-A3.\* Testing was conducted at each of 3 testing sites using 3 lots of the HAVAb IgG II reagents, 2 lots of the HAVAb IgG II Calibrator, 2 lots of the HAVAb IgG II Controls, and 1 instrument. Two controls and 2 human serum panels were tested in replicates of 4 at 2 separate times per day on 5 different days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibilityb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High NegativePanel A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low PositivePanel B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr></table>

a Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, and between-day variability. b Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, between-day, and between-instrument variability.

# Percent Agreement

A prospective multi-center study was conducted to evaluate the ability of the HAVAb IgG II assay to detect IgG anti-HAV in specimens from individuals at increased risk of HAV infection, individuals with signs and symptoms of hepatitis infection, and of the pediatric population. HAVAb IgG II results on the Alinity i system were compared to the results from the ARCHITECT HAVAB-G assay.

Individuals at Increased Risk of HAV Infection

The percent agreement for specimens from individuals at increased risk of HAV infection $\mathrm { ( n { = } 2 5 0 }$ ) is summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Individuals at Increased Risk of HAV Infection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HAVAb IgG II (on Alinity i)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT HAVAB-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { P P A } = 9 6 . 7 5 \%$ (119/123), $9 5 \%$ CI (91.94%, $9 8 . 7 3 \%$ ) $\mathrm { N P A } = 9 8 . 4 3 \%$ (125/127), $9 5 \%$ CI (94.44%, 99.57%)

# Individuals with Signs and Symptoms of Hepatitis Infection

The percent agreement for specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of hepatitis infection $\scriptstyle ( 1 = 4 9 9$ ) is summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Individuals with Signs and Symptoms of Hepatitis Infection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HAVAb IgG II (on Alinity i)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT HAVAB-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { P P A } = 9 5 . 3 9 \%$ (290/304), 95% CI (92.42%, 97.24%) $\mathrm { N P A } = 9 8 . 9 7 \%$ (193/195), 95% CI (96.34%, 99.72%)

# Pediatric Population

The percent agreement for specimens from the pediatric population $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n } = 1 0 5 )$ ) is summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pediatric Population</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HAVAb IgG II (on Alinity i)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT HAVAB-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr></table>

PPA = 100.00% (90/90), 95% CI (95.91%, $1 0 0 . 0 0 \%$ ) $\mathrm { N P A } = 9 3 . 3 3 \%$ (14/15), $9 5 \%$ CI (70.18%, 98.81%)

# X. Conclusion Drawn from Nonclinical Laboratory Studies and Clinical Performance

The results presented in this 510(k) premarket notification demonstrate that the performance of the subject device, HAVAb IgG II, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, ARCHITECT HAVAB-G (K113704).