bioMerieux, Inc.   
Esther Hernandez   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K222378 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mathrm { u g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW Dated: August 4, 2022 Received: August 5, 2022

Dear Esther Hernandez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

51 0(k) Number (if known) K222378

# Device Name

VI1EK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \ \mu \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m } \mathbf { L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

$\mathbf { V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram-negative bacilli and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and $\mathbf { V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. $\mathbf { V } \mathbf { I } \mathbf { T } \mathbf { E } \mathbf { K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is a quantitative test. Levofloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Serratia marcescens

Active in vitro but clinical significance unknown: Citrobacter koseri, Citrobacter freundii, Enterobacter aerogenes, Klebsiella oxytoca, Morganella morganil, Pantoea agglomerans, Proteus vulgaris, Providencia rettgeri, Providencia stuartii

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin also reports the susceptibility for the following additional organism as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria website: Salmonella spp.

The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the $\mathbf { V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.•

The burden time for this collection of infonnation is estimated to average 79 hours per response, induding the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, induding suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief lnfonnation Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

•An agency may not condud or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number.·

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin

# A. 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name:

Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Esther Hernandez   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8841   
314-731-8689   
August 4, 2022

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin (≤ $0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645 Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Product Code LON, LTT, LTW.

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin (K072038)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh (1) and Gerlach (2). The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \circledast } 2$ AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique (3).

Each VITEK® 2 AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$

System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

${ \mathrm { W I I E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Levofloxacin has the following concentrations in the card: 0.25, 0.5, 2, and 8 (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { { g } / m L }$ .

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information

The similarities and differences of the VITEK 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin when compared to the predicate device, VITEK 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin (K072038), are described in the following table. The only difference between both devices are the Indications for Use and the breakpoints used to analyze the data performance. The below table provides the similarities and differeces:

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin</td><td>Predicate: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin (K072038)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Similarities VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram-negative bacilli and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and</td><td>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram-negative bacilli and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>quantitative test. Levofloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed</td><td>quantitative test. Levofloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed</td></tr><tr><td>below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.</td><td>below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.</td></tr><tr><td>Active in vitro and in clinical infections: Enterobacter cloacae Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td>Active in vitro and in clinical infections: Enterobacter cloacae Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumonia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter koseriCitrobacter freumdiiEnterobacter aerogenesKlebsiella oxytocaMorganella morganiiPantoea agglomeransProteus vulgarisProvidencia rettgeriProvidencia stuartiiThe VITEK® 2 Gram-NegativeSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetennine the susceptibility of clinicallysignificant aerobic Gram-negativebacilli to antimicrobial agents whenused as instructed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytocaMorganella morganiiPantoea agglomeransProteus vulgarisProvidencia rettgeriProvidencia stuartiiThe VITEK® 2 AntimicrobialSusceptibility Test (AST) is intended tofor use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems for the automatedquantitative or qualitative susceptibilitytesting of isolated colonies for mostclinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp.Enterococcus spp., Streptococcusagalactiae, and S. pneumoniae.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative antiunicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of Gram-negative bacilli.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimicrobial Agent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline suspension of organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK®2 Gram-negative SusceptibilityTest Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Algorithms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discriminant Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 and VITEK®2 CompactSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25.0.5. 2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativeLevofloxacin also reports thesusceptibility for the followingadditional organism as listed on theFDA Susceptibility Test InterpretiveCriteria website:Salmonella spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumanniiAcinetobacter hwoffiEnterobacter sakazakiiPseudomonas fluorescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Breakpoints</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacterales: ≤0.5 (S). 1 (I). ≥2(R)Pseudomonas aeruginosa: ≤1 (S), 2(I), ≥4 (R)Salmonella spp.: ≤0.125 (S). 0.25-1(I), ≥2 (R)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter: ≤2 (S), 4 (I). 8 (R)Enterobacteriaceae: ≤2 (S), 4 (I), 8(R)Pseudomonas: ≤2 (S). 4 (I), 8 (R)</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram-negative bacilli and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin is a quantitative test. Levofloxacin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections:

Enterobacter cloacae Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Proteus mirabilis Pseudomonas aeruginosa Serratia marcescens

Active in vitro but clinical significance unknown:

Citrobacter koseri Citrobacter freundii Enterobacter aerogenes Klebsiella oxytoca Morganella morganii Pantoea agglomerans Proteus vulgaris Providencia rettgeri Providencia stuartii

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin also reports the susceptibility for the following additional organism as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria website:

Salmonella spp.

The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Levofloxacin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI agar dilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II

Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (Asn Systems;   
Guidance for fudust:Iy and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (Traditional $5 1 0 [ \mathbf { k } ] ,$ presents data in supp01t of ${ \tt V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Levofloxacin. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set ofchallenge st:I·ains. The external evaluations were desi ed to confinn the acceptability of ${ \tt V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Levofloxacin by comparing its perfo1mance with the CLSI agar dilution reference method incubated between 16-20 hours. The data is representative ofpe1fo1mance on both the ${ \tt V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platf 01ms.

${ \tt V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-GN Levofloxacin demonstI·ated acceptable pe1f01mance as presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>An imicrobialCode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntibioticVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bp1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essen ial Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% Repro-ducibality</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Levofloxacin</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>LEV</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>lev02n</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>CLSI FDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># EEnterobacterales</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(345/346) 99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(339/34698.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(7/3462.0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EPseudomonasaeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(218/2296.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(210/225)93.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/76)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/127)1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(13/225.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ESalmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(47/48)97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(47/48)97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/4)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/40)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/48)2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>VITEK 2 Levofloxacin MIC values for Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae pneumoniae, andPseudomonas aeruginosa tended to be in exact agreement or at least one doubling dilution higherwhen compared to the reference agar dilution method. VITEK 2 Levofloxacin MIC values forSerratia marcescens tended to be in exact agreement or at least one doubling dilution lower whentcompared to the reference agar dilution method.</td></tr></table>

1 Abbreviations - Bp $=$ breakpoint committee; EA ${ \bf \cdot } =$ essential agreement; CA ${ \bf \cdot } =$ categoiy agreement; VME ${ } , = { }$ Very Major Error (susceptible result with resistant reference result);ME Major F.rror(resistantresult with susceptible reference result); mE $=$ minor fuor (suscept,.ble or resistant result with an intennediate reference result, $\propto$ r an intennediate result with a susceptible or resistant reference result) $\# =$ US FoodandDrugAdministration510Qc) cleared Cl.SI= Qinical and Laborat0ty Standards Institute $\mathbf { E } =$ External perfonmnce data NIA $_ { , } =$ Not applicable

Reproducibility and Quality Conu·ol demonst:I·ated acceptable results.

# H. Conclusion:

The pe1fo1mance data presented in this submission supp01t a substantial equivalence decision. ${ \mathrm { v I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin $( \leq 0 . 1 2 5 - \geq 8 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) is substantially equivalent to ${ \tt W I E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Levofloxacin (K072038).

# References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685-687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL, 1974.   
3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.