# September 27, 2023

Cepheid   
Shilpa Kuttetira   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K222638 Trade/Device Name: Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Xpress GBS, GeneXpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Dx System, GeneXpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Infinity Systems Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3740 Regulation Name: Streptococcus Spp. Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: NJR, OOI Dated: August 31, 2022 Received: September 1, 2022

Dear Shilpa Kuttetira:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K222638

Device Name Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Xpress GBS

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Xpress GBS test, performed on the GeneXpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Instrument Systems, is an automated, real-time PCR test for the qualitative detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from vaginal/rectal swab specimens collected from pregnant patients for intrapartum testing at term (e.g., ${ > } 3 7$ weeks) who have unknown or unavailable antepartum GBS screening test results and no additional risk factors that would warrant empiric antibiotic prophylaxis. The Xpert Xpress GBS test performed during intrapartum is intended to aid in the detection of GBS colonization in patients presenting in labor who may be candidates for antibiotic prophylaxis.

The Xpert Xpress GBS test does not provide antimicrobial susceptibility test results. Culture is necessary to obtain isolates to perform susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillin-allergic patients.

This test is conducted using direct specimen without enrichment (enrichment is recommended to enhance detection of GBS colonization). In contrast to a positive test result, which can indicate colonization, a presumptive negative result cannot exclude the possibility of GBS colonization. A false negative test result at intrapartum carries a potential harm to the infant if it is used in making decisions regarding empiric antibiotic prophylaxis. Providers must use caution and default to known patient risk factors and clinical guidance regarding a role for intrapartum prophylaxis

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary for Xpert Xpress GBS

# TABLE OF CONTENTS

5. 510(K) SUMMARY .. .3   
5.1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION . ..4   
5.2. DEVICE INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE. ..5   
5.3. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE.. ..5   
5.4. PERFORMANCE STUDIES .... ..7   
5.4.1. ANALYTICAL PERFORMANCE. ....7   
5.4.2. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE.. ..14   
5.5. CONCLUSION.. .15

# 5. 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone Number: (408) 966-8860

# Contact:

Shilpa Kuttetira

Date of Preparation:

September 18, 2023

Device Trade name: Common name:

Xpert® Xpress GBS Xpert Xpress GBS

Type of Test:

Qualitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and detection test

Regulation number, Classification name, Product code, Definition

21 CFR 866.3740, Streptococcus spp. serological reagents, NJR; A nucleic acid amplification assay system (including probes, other reagents, and instrumentation) is an aid in the identification of Group B streptococci from pre-partum and intra-partum women to establish colonization status.

21 CFR 862.2570, Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems, OOI; The system is a clinical multiplex instrument intended to measure and sort multiple signals generated my multiple probes, intercalating dyes, or other ligands in an assay from a clinical sample. Signals may be generated by fluorescence or other phenomena and may be measured using filters on a photodiode or other detector. It may integrate sample and/or reagent handling, amplification, dedicated instrument control, data acquisition software, raw data storage mechanisms and other essential hardware components along with the signal reader unit. The system is used with specific assays to comprise an assay test system.

Classification Advisory Panel

Microbiology (83)

Prescription Use

Yes

Predicate Device

Xpert® GBS (K060540)

# 5.1. Device Description

The Xpert® Xpress GBS test is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from vaginal/rectal swab specimens collected from pregnant patients at intrapartum.

The Xpert Xpress GBS test is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems (GeneXpert Dx, GeneXpert Infinity-48s and GeneXpert Infinity-80 systems), which consist of an instrument, computer and preloaded software for running tests and viewing the results. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems automate and integrate sample preparation, nucleic acid extraction and amplification, and real-time detection. Depending on the instrument, the GeneXpert Instrument Systems can have from 1 and up to 80 randomly accessible modules, each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE® thermocycler for performing real-time PCR as well as detection. The systems require the use of single-use disposable cartridges that hold the PCR reagents and host sample purification, nucleic acid amplification, and detection of the target sequences. Because the cartridges are self- contained, cross-contamination between cartridges during the testing process is minimized.

The Xpert Xpress GBS test includes reagents for the simultaneous detection of target GBS DNA from vaginal/rectal swab specimens. The primers and probes in the Xpert Xpress GBS test are designed to amplify and detect unique sequence in two conserved chromosomal targets in S. agalactiae: a) a member of the glycosysl transferase gene family, and b) a LysR transcriptional regulator. A Sample Adequacy Control (SAC), Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included in the cartridge utilized by the GeneXpert instrument. The SAC is a non-target sequence naturally present in the specimen, which is amplified along with the assay target. In the Xpert Xpress GBS test, the SAC detects the presence of the human hydroxymethylbilane synthase (HMBS) gene to ensure that the sample is properly collected and contains adequate human cells from the vaginal/rectal flora. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the sample and to monitor for the presence of potential inhibitor(s) in the PCR reaction. The SPC also ensures that the PCR reaction conditions (temperature and time) are appropriate for the amplification reaction and that the PCR reagents are functional. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling, and confirms that all reaction components are present in the cartridge including monitoring for probe integrity and dye stability.

The Xpert Xpress GBS test is designed for use with vaginal/rectal swab specimens collected from pregnant patients at intrapartum and placed into a collection device. The ancillary specimen collection kit validated for use with the Xpert Xpress GBS test is the Cepheid Collection Device (Catalog 900-0370). The sample collection device allows dual vaginal/rectal swab specimens from patients to be collected and transported to laboratory prior to analysis with the Xpert Xpress GBS test.

# 5.2. Device Intended Use/Indications for Use

The Xpert® Xpress GBS test, performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is an automated, real-time PCR test for the qualitative detection of Group B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA from vaginal/rectal swab specimens collected from pregnant patients for intrapartum testing at term (e.g., ${ > } 3 7$ weeks) who have unknown or unavailable antepartum GBS screening test results and no additional risk factors that would warrant empiric antibiotic prophylaxis. The Xpert Xpress GBS test performed during intrapartum is intended to aid in the detection of GBS colonization in patients presenting in labor who may be candidates for antibiotic prophylaxis.

The Xpert Xpress GBS test does not provide antimicrobial susceptibility test results. Culture is necessary to obtain isolates to perform susceptibility testing as recommended for penicillinallergic patients.

This test is conducted using direct specimen without enrichment (enrichment is recommended to enhance detection of GBS colonization). In contrast to a positive test result, which can indicate colonization, a presumptive negative result cannot exclude the possibility of GBS colonization. A false negative test result at intrapartum carries a potential harm to the infant if it is used in making decisions regarding empiric antibiotic prophylaxis. Providers must use caution and default to known patient risk factors and clinical guidance regarding a role for intrapartum prophylaxis.

# 5.3. Substantial Equivalence

Table 5-1 shows the similarities and differences between Xpert Xpress GBS and the predicate device, Xpert GBS [K060540].

Table 5-1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences Between Xpert Xpress GBS and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Investigational Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device  K060540</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® Xpress GBS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® GBS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3740Streptococcus spp. Serological reagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NJRNucleic Acid Amplification Assay System,Group B Streptococcus, Direct SpecimenTest</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I (non-exempt)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® Xpress GBS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert GBS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert® Xpress GBS test, performed onthe GeneXpert® Instrument Systems, is anautomated, real-time PCR test for thequalitative detection of Group BStreptococcus (GBS) DNA fromvaginal/rectal swab specimens collectedfrom pregnant patients for intrapartumtesting at term (e.g., &gt;37 weeks) who haveunknown or unavailable antepartum GBSscreening test results and no additional riskfactors that would warrant empiricantibiotic prophylaxis. The Xpert XpressGBS test performed during intrapartum isintended to aid in the detection of GBScolonization in patients presenting in laborwho may be candidates for antibioticprophylaxis.The Xpert Xpress GBS test does notprovide antimicrobial susceptibility testresults. Culture is necessary to obtainisolates to perform susceptibility testing asrecommended for penicillin-allergicpatients.This test is conducted using directspecimen without enrichment (enrichmentis recommended to enhance detection ofGBS colonization). In contrast to a positivetest result, which can indicate colonization,a presumptive negative result cannotexclude the possibility of GBScolonization. A false negative test result atintrapartum carries a potential harm to theinfant if it is used in making decisionsregarding empiric antibiotic prophylaxis.Providers must use caution and default toknown patient risk factors and clinicalguidance regarding a role for intrapartumprophylaxis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid Xpert GBS performed on theGeneXpert Dx System is a qualitative invitro diagnostic test designed to detectGroup B Streptococcus (GBS) DNA fromvaginal/rectal swab specimens, using fullyautomated real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) with fluorogenic detectionof the amplified DNA.Xpert GBS Assay testing is indicated forrapid identification of antepartum andintrapartum GBS colonization.The use of the Xpert GBS forintrapartum screening should notpreclude the use of other strategies(e.g., antepartum testing). IntrapartumXpert GBS results are useful toidentify candidates for intrapartumantibiotic prophylaxis whenadministration of intravenousantibiotics is not delayed pendingresults.The Xpert GBS Assay does notprovide susceptibility results. Cultureisolates are needed for performingsusceptibility testing as recommendedfor penicillin-allergic women.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dual target assay design against twoconserved sequences in S. agalactiae:a member of the glycosysl transferasegene family and• a LysR transcriptional regulator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3' region adjacent to cfb gene CAMP-factor hemolysin gene of S. agalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direct from vaginal/rectal swab specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CollectionDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid Collection Device withLiquid Stuart Medium(Catalog Part 900-0370)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Investigational Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device  K060540</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® Xpress GBS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® GBS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single UseCartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomatedNucleic AcidExtraction,Detection andResultsInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InternalControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing Control (SPC)Sample Adequacy Control (SAC)Probe Check Control (PCC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing Control (SPC)Internal Control (IC)Probe Check Control (PCC)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems(Dx and Infinity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Dx Systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Early AssayTermination(EAT) Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YesEAT feature returns a high titer sample in~ 30 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 50 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 60 minutes</td></tr></table>

The Xpert Xpress GBS test has the same general intended use and the same technological characteristics as the predicate device. The performance of the Xpert Xpress GBS test was evaluated in a multi-site clinical study. The differences between the Xpert Xpress GBS test and the predicate device do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

The results from the clinical evaluation demonstrate that performance of the Xpert Xpress GBS test is acceptable for its intended use.

# 5.4. Performance Studies

# 5.4.1. Analytical Performance

# Analytical Sensitivity (LoD) and Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The analytical limit of detection (LoD) and analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress GBS test were determined for 12 different strains representing 12 known serotypes of GBS, 2 of which were characterized as non-hemolytic (Table 5-2). Serial dilutions of each serotype were prepared in a simulated sample matrix. Serotypes Ia, III and V were tested with 24 replicates per dilution level for each of two reagent lots across three days. Serotypes Ib, Ic, II, IV and VI-X were tested in replicates of 24 for each dilution level using one reagent lot across three days. The estimated LoD values, were verified by testing 20 replicates of each serotype diluted in simulated sample matrix to the upper limit of the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval determined in the probit analysis with one reagent lot across three days. Serotype Ia, III and V were also verified in clinical matrix. The result for serotypes V and VI was $8 5 \%$ (17/20) detected and the claimed LoD was based on the upper limit of $9 5 \%$ confidence interval. The verified LoD values for the GBS serotypes tested are provided in Table 5-2.

Table 5-2. Xpert Xpress GBS Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(CFU/Swab)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ib</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>544b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr></table>

a. Non-hemolytic strain b. Claimed LoD corresponds to the upper limit of $9 5 \%$ CI

Matrix Equivalency Studies were performed to support the use of simulated sample matrix for the analytical studies.

# Analytical Inclusivity of Cfb Mutants

A study was performed to evaluate the analytical reactivity (inclusivity) of Xpert Xpress GBS for strains containing different deletions ranging from 181 bp to $4 9 \mathrm { k b }$ in or adjacent to the region of the chromosome that encodes the CAMP factor hemolysis gene $c f b$ . Ten (10) unique, well characterized GBS clinical specimens representing different $c f b$ mutations were diluted in simulated sample matrix to a concentration of $8 5 5 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ ( $\mathbf { \mu } \sim 1 \mathbf { x }$ the highest observed LoD) and tested in the Xpert Xpress GBS test. The study was conducted over 3 days testing either 6 or 7 replicates on each day for a total of 20 replicates. All strains with $c f b$ mutations were detected with a positivity rate of $100 \%$ .

# Analytical Specificity (Cross-Reactivity/Exclusivity) and Microbial Interference

The analytical specificity and microbial interference of the Xpert Xpress GBS test was evaluated by testing a panel of 129 non-GBS organisms that can potentially cross-react and interfere with the detection of GBS both in the presence (microbial interference) and absence (cross-reactivity/exclusivity) of GBS. Challenge organisms tested included bacterial, viral, parasite and yeast strains commonly found in vaginal/rectal flora or phylogenetically related to GBS and are shown in Table 5-3.

Bacteria and yeast were tested at concentrations $\mathrm { { o f } \geq 1 x 1 0 ^ { 6 } \ C F U / m L }$ , except for Staphylococcus aureus which was tested at $2 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Viruses and parasites were tested at concentrations o $\mathit { \bar { \Psi } } > 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ units/mL (tachyzoites, IU or copies/mL). Genomic DNA was tested at $> 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL. The panel of 129 organisms were tested either individually or in pools of 2 - 6 microorganisms in simulated sample matrix, both in presence of GBS at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD and in absence of GBS. Each pool was tested in replicates of 6. No cross-reactivity or microbial interference of GBS detection was observed with any of the clinically relevant pathogens tested in the study.

Table 5-3: Analytical Specificity of Xpert Xpress GBS   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Organism</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arcanobacterium (Trueperella)pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atopobium (Fannyhessea) vaginae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hafnia alvei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abiotrophia defectiva</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter lwoffi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human immunodeficiency virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Papillomavirus 18 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella (Enterobacter)aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alcaligenes faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus lactolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus saprophyticus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus prevotii b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus simulans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus casei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus delbrueckii lactis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus acidominimus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus coagulans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus gasseri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacteriumadolescentis Reuter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus canis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bifidobacterium brevis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus constellatus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BK virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micrococcus luteus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus criceti</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blastocystis hominis b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mobiluncus curtisii subsp. Curtisii b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus cristatus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella atlantae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus downei</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiaesubsp. dysgalactiae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Campylobacter jejuni</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiaesubsp. equisimilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus equi subsp. equi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus gordonii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pantoea agglomerans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacterfreundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pasteurellaaerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia liquefaciens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridiumdifficile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium accolens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porphyromonas asaccharolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus parasanguinis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp. (genitalium)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella bivia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium urealyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella melaninogenica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pseudoporcinus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotella oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus ratti</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus durans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus vulgaris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia stuartii b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sobrinus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus gallinarum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Providencia sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus suis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus uberis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas fluorescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus vestibularis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finegoldia magna</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhodococcus equi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium nucleatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomonas vaginalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subsp. entericaser. Dublin (group D)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibrio cholerae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia lamblia b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica subp.typhimurium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yersinia enterocolitica subsp.palearctica</td></tr></table>

a. Tested $< 1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $( 2 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ b. Evaluated with DNA

# Potentially Interfering Substances

Substances that may be present in vaginal/rectal specimens with the potential to interfere with the Xpert Xpress GBS test were evaluated. Potentially interfering endogenous and exogenous substances include human amniotic fluid, meconium, urine, fecal material, human blood, lubricating gel, vaginal anti-itch medications, vaginal antifungal medications, antidiarrheal medications, laxatives, stool softeners, topical hemorrhoid ointments, body oil, body powder, deodorant sprays, enema solutions, and spermicidal foam. These substances are listed in Table 5-4.

Potentially interfering substances were tested according to a liquid, solid or tablet workflow. Liquid substances were added directly to the swab. Solid substances were added to the swab by dipping three fourths (3/4) of the swab head into the substance. Tablets were first dissolved in simulated sample matrix and the liquid added directly to the swab.

Negative samples consisting of simulated matrix only were tested in replicates of 6 in the presence of each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC) and Sample Adequacy Control (SAC). Positive samples were prepared using GBS serotype Ia in simulated matrix at 3x LoD and were tested in replicates of 6 per substance. The negative and positive controls were prepared in the absence of potentially interfering substances and consisted of simulated sample matrix only and GBS spiked at 3x LoD into simulated sample matrix, respectively.

For substances that resulted in an INVALID test result, the concentration of the substance was reduced by dilution in simulated sample matrix and re-tested. Five exogenous substances (Aquasonic® gel, Floraplus, Pepto Bismol®, Body oil and Xyloproct) showed interference at the concentration initially tested and were subsequently tested at a lower concentration to determine the highest concentration at which no interference was observed. A list of the endogenous and exogenous substances along with their forms and the highest concentrations at which all GBS positive and negative samples were correctly identified by the Xpert Xpress GBS test (i.e., no observed interference) is shown in Table 5-4.

Table 5-4: Potentially Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Highest Concentration on SwabResulting in No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Amniotic Fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Whole Blood  EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Whole Blood  Na Citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocytes, Buffy coat, 2x107 WBCs/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meconium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucus - mucin from porcine stomach</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Feces  Pool of 10 donors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Diarrheal Medication  Pepto Bismol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-Diarrheal Medication  Dimor Comp [Dimeticone]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tablet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03% loperamid +1.7% dimetikon (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lubricant  RFSU Klick Ultra Glide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lubricant  Sense Me Aqua Glide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lubricant-KY-Jelly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Body Oil  ACO Repairing Skin Oil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dialon Baby  Dialon Baby Powder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deodorant Powder  Vagisil® Deodorant Powder</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deodorant Spray  LN Intimate Deo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deodorant Suppositories  Norforms Feminine DeodorantSuppositories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tablet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.4% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enema solution  Microlax mikrolavemang</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral Laxative  Mylan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral Laxative  Phillips Milk of Magnesia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oral Laxative  Pursennid Ex-Lax</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tablet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.64% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spermicidal Foam  Caya preventivgel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stool Softener  Laktulos Meda</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stool Softener  Movicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tablet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9%(w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Topical Hemorrhoid Ointment  Xyloproct Rectal Ointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Topical Hemorrhoid Ointment  Scheriproct rektalsalva /Prednisolone Ointment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ultrasound Transmission Gel  Aquasonic Gel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Antifungal Gel  Multi-Gyn Actigel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Antifungal Gel  Multi-Gyn Floraplus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Anti-itch Cream  Ellen Probiotisk Utvärtes Intim Creme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Antifungal Cream  Canesten</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Antifungal Cream  Daktar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% a</td></tr></table>

a. $1 0 0 \%$ represents undiluted solid substances used directly by dipping the upper $3 / 4$ of the swab head into the substance. The amount tested was regarded as well above the typical concentrations found in clinical specimens. b. Pepto Bismol diluted to $40 \%$ in simulated background matrix and no interference observed. c. Skin oil was tolerated when tested as a solid by dipping 2/3 of the swab head into the substance. d. Substances were diluted into a simulated background matrix prior to testing: Xyloproct Rectal Ointment was tested at $8 \%$ , Aquasonic Gel was tested at $2 0 \%$ and MultiGyn Floraplus was tested at $7 5 \%$ . No interference was detected after dilution.

# Carryover Contamination

A study was conducted to assess whether the single-use, self-contained Xpert Xpress GBS cartridge prevents specimen and amplicon carryover by testing a negative sample immediately after testing a very high positive sample in the same GeneXpert module. The negative sample used in this study consisted of simulated vaginal/rectal matrix and the positive sample consisted of high GBS serotype Ia positive sample spiked at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 0 7 }$ CFU/mL ( $7 . 5 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ CFU/swab) into simulated vaginal/rectal matrix. The negative sample was tested in a GeneXpert module at the start of the study. Following the initial testing of the negative sample, the high GBS positive sample was processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately followed by another negative sample. This was repeated 10 times in the same modules, resulting in 10 positives and 11 negatives for the module. The study was repeated using a second GeneXpert module for a total of 20 positive and 22 negative samples. All 20 positive samples were correctly reported as GBS POSITIVE. All 22 negative samples were correctly reported as GBS PRESUMPTIVE NEGATIVE.

# Reproducibility and Precision

The reproducibility and precision of the Xpert Xpress GBS test was evaluated in a multicenter, blinded study using two panels totaling ten members that consisted of simulated vaginal/rectal matrix as negative sample as well as low positive $( \sim 1 - 1 . 5 \mathrm { x L o D } )$ and

moderate positive $\left( \sim 3 \mathbf { x } \ L \mathbf { o } \mathbf { D } \right)$ samples prepared by spiking GBS strain into simulated vaginal/rectal matrix at the respective target levels. Three strains of GBS representing hemolytic phenotypes (serotypes Ia, III, IV) and one strain (Serotype Ic) representing a nonhemolytic phenotype were used in the study. Testing was performed at three sites (one internal, two external) using the GeneXpert Instrument Systems. Each panel member was tested in triplicate each day (one run/day) by two operators on six different days at three different sites (10 members $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators x 3 replicates/day $\textrm { x 6 }$ days x 3 sites). Three lots of the Xpert Xpress GBS cartridges were used, with each lot tested on two days.

The percent agreement of the qualitative results for GBS detection for each panel member analyzed by each of the six operators and by each site is shown in Table 5-5. In addition, the overall percent agreement for each sample (total agreement) and the $9 5 \%$ two-sided Wilson Score confidence interval are presented in the last column.

Table 5-5. Summary of Reproducibility Results - $\%$ Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total Agreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1%(16/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%(34/35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1% (106/107)(94.9% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS serotype IaLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (108/108)(96.6% - 100.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS serotype IIIow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3%(15/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(17/17)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4%(32/35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2% (104/107)(92.1% - 99.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS serotype IVLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(16/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(33/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(16/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(34/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4% (103/108)(89.6% - 98.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS serotype IaMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (108/108)(96.6% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS serotype IIMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (108/108)(96.6% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS serotype IVMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (108/108)(96.6% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (108/108)(96.6% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Serotype IcLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~1.5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (108/108)(96.6% - 100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GBS Serotype IcMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(17/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(18/18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1% (107/108)(94.9% - 100.0%)</td></tr></table>

Evaluation of repeatability and the within-laboratory precision of the underlying Ct values obtained in the Xpert Xpress GBS test was analyzed. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-lots, between-days, between-operators and within-assay for each panel member are shown in Table 5-6.

Table 5-6. ANOVA Summary of Reproducibility Data by the Coefficient of Variance   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Panel Member</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Op</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within Assay</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negativeb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Pos GBS serotype Ia~1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Pos GBS serotype III~1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Pos GBS serotype IV~1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mod Pos GBS serotype Ia~3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mod Pos GBS serotype III~3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mod Pos GBS serotype IV~3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative 2b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Pos GBS serotype Ic~1.5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mod Pos GBS serotype Ic~3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr></table>

a Results with valid non-zero Ct values of 108 b SPC Ct values were used to perform ANOVA analysis for Negative samples. c One sample gave a non-determinate result d Three samples with GBS $\mathrm { C t }$ value ${ } = 0$ and one non-determinate sample were excluded from ANOVA analysis e Five samples with GBS Ct value ${ } = 0$ were excluded from ANOVA analysis f One sample with a GBS Ct value ${ } = 0$ was excluded from ANOVA analysis

# 5.4.2. Clinical Performance

Clinical performance characteristics of the Xpert Xpress GBS test were evaluated in a multisite, observational, method comparison study using vaginal/rectal swab specimens collected from pregnant patients. The study was conducted at twelve (12) clinical sites from geographically diverse regions within the United States between July 2020 and November 2021.

The clinical performance of the Xpert Xpress GBS test was compared to enriched bacterial culture with species identification via MALDI-TOF MS. Eligible participants provided two sets of dual vaginal/rectal swabs. The first set of swabs was divided – one swab was used for Xpert Xpress GBS testing; the other was used for culture, if the Xpert Xpress GBS test gave a valid result. If the Xpert Xpress GBS test resulted in a non-determinate result, the second set of marked swabs was divided – one swab was used for repeat Xpert Xpress GBS testing; the other was used for culture testing.

Discordant results between the Xpert Xpress GBS test and the comparator method were investigated using an FDA-cleared nucleic acid amplification test (NAAT); the results of which are footnoted in Table 5-8, for informational purposes only.

# Performance of the Xpert Xpress GBS Test vs. Enriched Culture $^ +$ MALDI-TOF MS

Nine hundred and twelve (912) vaginal/rectal swab specimens were enrolled from eligible participants. Age distribution of vaginal/rectal specimens collected at Intrapartum are represented in Table 5-7.

Table 5-7: Age Distribution of Specimens Included   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intrapartum Vaginal/Rectal (ABX-)N (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14-17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285 (31.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5077 (55.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118 (12.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>912 (100.0%)</td></tr></table>

Of the 912, 13 were excluded from the analysis of performance due to non-determinate Xpert Xpress results upon retest or no culture results. A total of 899 intrapartum vaginal/ rectal specimens were included in the performance analyses. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV) of the Xpert Xpress GBS test as compared to enriched culture with species identification via MALDI-TOF MS are presented in Table 5-8. The Xpert Xpress GBS demonstrated a sensitivity of $9 3 . 5 \%$ and specificity of $9 5 . 5 \%$ in vaginal/rectal swab specimens collected at intrapartum, and a PPV of $6 6 . 1 \%$ and NPV of $9 9 . 4 \%$ , respectively.

Table 5-8. Xpert Xpress GBS Performance Results vs. Enriched Culture $+$ MALDITOF MS – Intrapartum Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CulturePositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CultureNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV(95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV(95%CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert Xpress GBSPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>93.5%(85.7 97.2)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>95.5%(93.9  96.7)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>66.1%(56.8  74.3)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.4%(98.5  99.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert Xpress GBSPresumptiveNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>790</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>899</td></tr></table>

a. Discrepant test results based on an FDA-cleared NAAT: 13/37 GBS positive; 15/37 GBS negative; 9/37 no valid result b. Discrepant test results based on an FDA-cleared NAAT: 4/5 GBS positive; 1/5 GBS negative

# Non-Determinate Rate

Of the 912 Xpert Xpress GBS tests performed in the clinical study, 55 resulted in nondeterminate results (ERROR, INVALID or NO RESULT) on the first attempt. Upon retest, 12 specimens remained non-determinate. The initial non-determinate rate was $6 . 0 \%$ (55/912). Upon retest, the final non-determinate rate was $1 . 3 \%$ (12/912).

# 5.5. Conclusion

The results of the non-clinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrated that the Xpert Xpress GBS test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.