ARX Sciences, Inc.   
Chad Werts   
President   
160 Lawrence Bell Drive Suite 120   
Amherst, New York 14221

Re: K222613 Trade/Device Name: ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2900 Regulation Name: Microbiological Specimen Collection And Transport Device Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: LIO, JTW, JTX Dated: March 31, 2023 Received: March 31, 2023

Dear Chad Werts:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K222613

Device Name ARX Liquid Amies Collection and Transport System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System (ARX) is intended for use in the collection of clinical specimens (i.e., nasal secretion/wash; lachrymal secretion/tears; auricular secretion/cerumen; urethral, rectal, or vaginal swab; wound/abscess material) potentially containing aerobic, anaerobic, and fastidious bacteria and their transport at ${ \bf 2 - 8 \% }$ or $2 5 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ from the patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture. In the laboratory, the collected and transported clinical specimens of nasal, lachrymal, ceruminous, vaginal, urethral, rectal, and wound/abscess origin are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for bacterial culture.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) Summary

March $1 2 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2024

# Sponsored by:

ARX Sciences, Inc.   
160 Lawrence Bell Drive, Suite 120 Amherst, NY 14221   
Contact: Chad Werts   
Telephone Number: (914) 821-1775

# Device Name

Classification Name: Common Name: Proprietary Name: Regulation Section:

Microbiology Devices   
Microbiological Specimen Collection and Transport Device   
ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System   
21 CFR 866.2900   
Microbiological specimen collection and transport device   
Class I

Classification:

Product Codes:

LIO: Device, Specimen Collection JTW: System, Transport, Aerobic JTX: Transport Systems, Anaerobic

# Predicate Device:

K120846 Transport Culture Medium Device Puritan Medical Products LLC.

# Device Description:

The ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System consists of a polypropylene screw-cap vial containing Liquid Amies transport medium and three (3) sterile peel-open pouches containing a pre-scored Microbrush nylon flocked swab for collecting specimens. The three (3) nylon flocked swabs are provided with various score points, tip sizes, and configurations to facilitate specimen collection from various sites on patients’ bodies. Nylon flocked swabs facilitate quick absorption and release of clinical specimens. Proper specimen collection from the patient is critical for successful isolation and identification of infectious organisms.

Amies liquid medium is a non-nutritive balanced salt solution containing inorganic phosphates to provide buffering capability, sodium chloride, potassium chloride, calcium chloride, and magnesium chloride to provide essential ions that help maintain osmotic balance and control permeability of bacterial cells. It also contains sodium thioglycolate to provide a reduced environment. ARX Liquid Amies transport medium is capable of maintaining the viability of aerobic, anaerobic, and fastidious bacteria (such as Neisseria gonorrhoeae) during specimen transport to the laboratory for bacteriological testing and culture.

All raw materials used in the manufacture of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System are qualified before use. Every batch of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System is tested prior to release for sterility, pH, and background count using microscopic examination. Representative samples of each batch are further evaluated for their ability to maintain the viability of selected bacterial agents over predefined time periods.

Once a specimen is collected with a swab and added to the transport medium vial, it is immediately processed to achieve optimal recovery. For cases where immediate processing (i.e., within 2 hours) is not possible, specimens are stored at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and processed within 48 hours (except for Neisseria gonorrhoeae, which should be processed within 24 hours).

# Intended Use / Indications of Use

The ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System (ARX) is intended for use in the collection of clinical specimens (i.e., nasal secretion/wash; lachrymal secretion/tears; auricular secretion/cerumen; urethral, rectal, or vaginal swab; wound/abscess material) potentially containing aerobic, anaerobic, and fastidious bacteria and their transport at $_ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ or $2 5 \mathrm { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ from the patient to the laboratory for bacteriological examination and culture. In the laboratory, the collected and transported clinical specimens of nasal, lachrymal, ceruminous, vaginal, urethral, rectal, and wound/abscess origin are processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for bacterial culture. Special Conditions for Use: ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System is intended For Prescription Use (Rx) Only.

Comparison to Predicate Device Technological Characteristics (Table 1):   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device: K222613</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K120846</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARX Liquid Amies Collection &amp; TransportSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Puritan Liquid AmiesCollection andTransport System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristic Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Intended Use/Indications ForUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">The ARX Liquid Amies Collection &amp;Transport System (ARX) is intended for usein the collection of clinical specimens (i.e.,nasal secretion/wash; lachrymalsecretion/tears; auricular secretion/cerumen;urethral, rectal, or vaginal swab;wound/abscess material) potentiallycontaining aerobic, anaerobic, andfastidious bacteria and their transport at 28°C or 25-30°C from the patient to thelaboratory for bacteriological examinationand culture. In the laboratory, the collectedand transported clinical specimens of nasal,lachrymal, ceruminous, vaginal, urethral,rectal, and wound/abscess origin areprocessed using standard clinical laboratoryoperating procedures for bacterial culture.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Puritan Liquid AmiesCollection andTransport System isintended for use in thecollection andtransport of clinicalspecimens containingaerobic, anaerobicand fastidiousbacteria from thepatient to thelaboratory forbacteriologicalexamination andculture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">orato</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">teriol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIO, JTW, JTX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use/Reuse information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use Device (SUD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Base Transport Medium in a screw-capped,conical-bottom tube; specimen collectionswabs individually in sterile peel pouches</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Base Transport Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Liquid Amies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport Medium tube /volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic (polypropylene) / 1 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab shaft</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic, pre-scored</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amies Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium chlorideDisodium phosphateSodium thioglycolateMonopotassium phosphatePotassium chlorideCalcium chlorideMagnesium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 ± 0.2 (range 7.17.5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Storage temperature(refrigerated and room)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C, 2025°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristic Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium tubes (50 count) in a kit box withblister peel pouches (50 count) with swabsinside</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single peel pouchcontaining sterileswab and Mediumtube</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Swab tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microbrush Nylon Flocked Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HydraFlock Swab(Polyester)</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

Performance of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System for bacterial recovery was determined using roll plate and swab elution methods, following the FDA-recognized sections of Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) M40-A2:2014 Quality Control of Microbiological Transport Systems; Approved Standard – Second Edition. As shown in Table 2, a total of three (3) aerobic, six (6) facultative anaerobic (including one (1) fastidious organism), and eight (8) obligate anaerobic bacteria was included in the bacterial recovery studies. Additionally, Table 2 also lists the appropriate Negative Clinical Matrix (NCM) that was used in all these studies. For dilution of the inoculum, a subset of these organisms was tested in the presence of NCM or sterile saline (in a separate set where negative clinical matrix was omitted), whereas another subset of the organisms used saline only. The data indicated no impact on performance for the most challenging organisms when diluted in either matrix or saline. Additionally, justification was provided to support the claim that the subset of organisms tested in saline is expected to have equivalent performance in the presence of matrix.

Performance was assessed using the Roll-Plate and Swab Elution methods. Manual colony counts were conducted for both at all time intervals for each swab-organism combination, and the mean count was recorded per anatomical site. Three (3) dilutions were analyzed for each test organism and the dilution yielding colony counts nearest 300 CFU at time zero was reported and/or used for mean CFU/mL estimations, following the recommendations of CLSI M40-A2 (sections 8.12.1, 8.12.3, and 8.12.4 for RollPlate studies; sections 8.11.1, 8.11.2, 8.11.4 for Swab Elution studies). Acceptance criteria for bacterial recovery (minimum acceptable viability of at least $2 \%$ CFU relative to time 0 for Roll-plate studies; maximum $3 \log _ { 1 0 }$ decline in CFU acceptable relative to time 0 for Swab Elution studies) were followed as recommended in CLSI M40-A2. As discussed in the respective sections below and shown in Tables 3–10 below, the performance of all bacterial recovery, when used with or without NCM, was found to be acceptable.

Table 2: Bacterial strains used for Roll-Plate and Swab Elution studies in Negative Clinical Matrix (NCM) or Saline   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Bacteria (ATCCPart #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.5 McFarlandsuspensiondiluted with</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Matrix (Swab Types: NPS,nasopharyngeal, includingtapered tip type; OPS,oropharyngeal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Facultativeanaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NasalIrrigation/Wash(NPS &amp; OPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspneumoniae(ATCC 6305)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Facultativeanaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NasalIrrigation/Wash(NPS &amp; OPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tears, PooledHuman Donors(NPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auricularmaterial/cerumen(NPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcusagalactiae (GroupB Strep) (ATCC13813</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal &amp; RectalSwab (NPS &amp; OPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseriagonorrhoeae(ATCC 43069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fastidious,facultativeAnaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaginal Swab (NPS&amp; OPS); UrethralSwab (NPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wound/Abscess(NPS &amp; OPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wound/Abscess(NPS &amp; OPS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspyogenes (ATCC19615</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Facultativeanaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacteriumacnes (ATCC6919)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Facultativeanaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcusfaecalis (ATCC51299)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Facultativeanaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peptostreptococcusanaerobius (ATCC27337</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prevotellamelaninogenica(ATCC 25845)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridiumperfringens (StrainS 107) (ATCC13124)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clostridiumsporogenes (ATCC3584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finegoldia magna(Strain WAL2508)(ATCC 29328)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacteriumnecrophorum(ATCC 25286)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anaerobe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(NPS)</td></tr></table>

# Roll-Plate Method:

For the roll-plate method, bacterial suspensions were prepared to approximately 0.5 McFarland standard in NCM (as indicated in Table 2) followed by 10-fold serial dilutions in pooled NCM. The performance characteristics of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System were determined using procedures outlined in CLSI M40-A2 using three sterile flocked swab types (i.e., NPS, nasopharyngeal swab, with or without tapered tip design; OPS, oropharyngeal swab) designed for throat, urogenital and nasal specimen collection. This study was conducted at two different temperatures to reflect refrigerated $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and room temperature $( 2 5 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ conditions in NCM and used three (3) independent lots of ARX Liquid Amies representing old (Lot #A030921, post-production age at study: 23–24 months), middle-aged (Lot #AR1002, age: 6–7 months), and newly manufactured (Lot #A1229222, age: 1–2 months) lots. The swabs from each transport system were inoculated in triplicate with a specified volume of select bacterial suspensions prepared in NCM. These swabs were then placed in their respective transport vial and held for 0, 24, and 48 hrs. (except Neisseria gonorrhoeae held only for 24 hrs.); at the designated time intervals the swabs were removed and processed for recovery of bacterial CFU counts (refer to Table 3 and Table 4).

Additional set of roll-plate testing was performed using 0.5 McFarland suspensions prepared and serially diluted in sterile saline to the desired concentration (as shown in Table 2). The performance characteristics of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System in saline were determined as above using the two NPS types. This study was conducted at two different temperatures to reflect refrigerated $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and room temperature $( 2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ conditions in saline, along with the addition of additional bacterial strains (as indicated in Table 2), and used three (3) independent lots of ARX Liquid Amies representing old (Lot #A030921; post-production age at study: 17 months), middle-aged (Lot #AR1001/2/3, age:6–7 months), and newly manufactured (Lot #A061422, age: 2 months) lots. The swabs from each transport system were inoculated in triplicate with a specified volume of select bacterial suspensions prepared in sterile saline, placed in their respective transport vials, and held for 0, 24, and 48 hrs. (except Neisseria gonorrhoeae held only for 24 hrs.); at the designated time intervals the swabs were removed and processed for recovery of bacterial CFU counts (refer to Table 5 and Table 6).

Table 3: Roll-Plate Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ Conditions using NCM.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotAge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 0 hr.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 24 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 48 hrs.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>290</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae recovery tested only at 24 hrs.

Table 4: Roll-Plate Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Room Temperature $( 2 5 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ ) Conditions using NCM.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 48 hrs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">218</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">149</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">249</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">286</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">293</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">262</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">285</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">278</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">153</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae recovery tested only at 24 hrs.

Table 5: Roll-Plate Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ Conditions using Saline.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 48 hrs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspyogenes (ATCC19615)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">249</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Peptostreptococcusanaerobius (ATCC27337)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">215</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">261</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Propionibacteriumacnes (ATCC 6919)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">257</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Prevotellamelaninogenica(ATCC 25845)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Enterococcusfaecalis (ATCC51299)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">252</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">237</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Clostridiumperfringens (Strain S-107) (ATCC 13124)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">161</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">289</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Clostridiumsporogenes (ATCC3584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">245</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">238</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Finegoldia magna(Strain WAL2508)(ATCC 29328)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Fusobacteriumnecrophorum (ATCC25286)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">284</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">241</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">299</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">253</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">184</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">195</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">302</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">215</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">232</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">237</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">255</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">249</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">299</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">292</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae recovery tested only at 24 hrs.

Table 6: Roll-Plate Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Room Temperature $( 2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathbf { C } )$ ) Conditions using Saline.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 48 hrs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspyogenes (ATCC19615)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">193</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Peptostreptococcusanaerobius (ATCC27337)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">176</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Propionibacteriumacnes (ATCC 6919)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">253</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">163</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">258</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">261</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFUsRecovered:Time 48 hrs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Prevotellamelaninogenica(ATCC 25845)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">252</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Enterococcusfaecalis (ATCC51299)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">238</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">241</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Clostridiumperfringens (Strain S-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">164</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">107) (ATCC 13124)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Clostridiumsporogenes (ATCC3584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">253</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Finegoldia magna(Strain WAL2508)(ATCC 29328)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">183</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">187</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnecrophorum (ATCC25286)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">299</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">292</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspneumoniae(ATCC 6305) [10-4]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">224</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">172</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">215</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">209</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">222</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">202</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">252</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Streptococcusagalactiae (Group B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">284</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">289</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Strep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae recovery tested only at 24 hrs.

For the Swab-Elution method, bacterial suspensions were prepared in NCM similar to the roll-plate method (as indicated in Table 3). The performance characteristics of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System were determined using the procedures outlined in CLSI M40-A2 using three sterile flocked swab types (i.e., NPS, nasopharyngeal swab, with or without tapered tip design; OPS, oropharyngeal swab) designed for throat, urogenital and nasal specimen collection. This study was conducted at two different temperatures to reflect refrigerated $( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and room temperature $( 2 5 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ conditions in NCM and used three (3) independent lots of ARX Liquid Amies representing old (Lot #A030921, post-production age at study: 23–24 months), middle-aged (Lot #AR1002, age: 6–7 months), and newly manufactured (Lot #A1229222, age: 1–2 months) lots. The swabs from each transport system were inoculated in triplicate with a specified volume of select bacterial suspensions prepared in NCM. These swabs were then placed in their respective transport vial and held for 0, 24, and 48 hrs. (except Neisseria gonorrhoeae held only for 24 hrs.); at the designated time intervals the swabs were removed and processed for recovery of bacterial CFU/mL counts (refer to Table 7 and Table 8).

Additional swab elution testing was performed using bacterial suspensions prepared and serially diluted in sterile saline to the desired concentration (as indicated in Table 2). The performance characteristics of ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System in saline were determined as above using the two NPS types. This study was conducted at two different temperatures to reflect refrigerated $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and room temperature $( 2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ conditions in saline, along with the addition of additional bacterial strains (as indicated in Table 2), and used three (3) independent lots of ARX Liquid Amies representing old (Lot #A030921; post-production age at study: 17 months), middle-aged (Lot #AR1001/2/3, age:6–7 months), and newly manufactured (Lot #A061422, age: 2 months) lots. The swabs from each transport system were inoculated in triplicate with a specified volume of select bacterial suspensions prepared in sterile saline, placed in their respective transport vials, and held for 0, 24, and 48 hrs. (except Neisseria gonorrhoeae held only for 24 hrs.); at the designated time intervals the swabs were removed and processed for recovery of bacterial CFU/mL counts (refer to Table 9 and Table 10).

Table 7: Swab Elution Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C )$ Conditions using NCM.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mLRecovery:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mLRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mLRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changein Log10(048hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.84E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.58E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.05E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.05E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.12E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.08E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.43E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.18E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.85E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.58E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.23E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.94E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.72E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Staphylococcus)aureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.03E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.90</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.59E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.30E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.60E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.65E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.23E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.23E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.91</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.80E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.21E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.90E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.67E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.97E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.06E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.85</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.12E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.19E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.77</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.21E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.22E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.56E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.29E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.48E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mLRecovery:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mLRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mLRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changein Log10(0-48hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.63E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.24E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.19E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.66E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.73E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.30E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.49</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.89E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.49E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.03E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.49</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.47E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.18E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.26E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.37E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.83</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.32E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.38E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.84</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.28E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.42E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.82</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae Change in Log10 is (0–24 hrs.)

Table 8: Swab Elution Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Room Temperature (25– $\Im 0 ^ { \circ } ( \mathsf { C } )$ Conditions using NCM.   
Table 9: Swab Elution Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C )$ Conditions in Saline.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotAge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 0 hr.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Changein Log10(0-48hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.32E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.42E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.82E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.37E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.48E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.41E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.08E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.03E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.53E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.07E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.40E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.33E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.20E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.66E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.70E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.37E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.67E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91E+07</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.78E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.90E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.03E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.45E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.23E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.44E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.58E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.86E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.18E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.25E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.50E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.16E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.45E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.21E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.79</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae Change in Log10 is (0–24 hrs.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotAge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageFU/mlRecovery:Time 0 hr.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCF/mlRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageF/mlRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Changein g10(0-48hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes (ATCC19615)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.90E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.33E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.30E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.97E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.13E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.33E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcusanaerobius (ATCC22337)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.73E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.20E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.07E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Propionibacteriumacnes (ATCC 6919)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.37E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prevotellamelaninogenica(ATCC 25845)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.95E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.53E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.17E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92E+08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.03E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Enterococcusfaecalis (ATCC51299)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.47E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.43E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Clostridiumperfringens (Strain S-107) (ATCC 13124)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.91E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Clostridiumsporogenes (ATCC3584</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.43E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.07E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.20E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Finegoldia magna(Strain WAL2508)(ATCC 29328)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.53E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.90E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fusobacteriumnecrophorum (ATCC25286</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.83E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.02E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.57E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56E+07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.43E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.43E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.87E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.47E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.83E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.83E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.17E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.37E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.40E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.11E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.53E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.13E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.50E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.60E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.70E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.27E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.63E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.43E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.03E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.23E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.13E+06</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.21E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.19</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotAge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time O hr.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AverageCFlRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Changein Log10(0-48hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.24E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.99E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=9>Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.47E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.43E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=9>Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.37E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.77E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>alactia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>tiae (Gr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Middle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.37E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20E+05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65E+06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.17E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.13E+05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.51</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae Change in Log10 is (0–24 hrs.)

Table 10: Swab Elution Method of Bacterial Recovery following Storage at Room Temperature (20– $\pmb { 2 5 } ^ { \circ } ( \pmb { \complement } )$ Conditions using Saline.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time O hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changein Log10(0-48hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspyogenes (ATCC9615)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.54E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.27E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.30E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.93E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.70E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.99E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.73E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.41</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Peptostreptococcusanaerobius (ATCC27337)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.23E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.20E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.84</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.48E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.76E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.03E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.40E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.93E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.88</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Propionibacteriumacnes (ATCC 6919)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.53E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.63E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.37E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.58E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.57E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.80E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.83</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.28E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.07E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.86</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Prevotellamelaninogenica(ATCC 25845)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.61E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.07E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.93</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.52E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.90E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.81</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.68E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27E+08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.40E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Enterococcusfaecalis (ATCC51299)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.71E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.63E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.71</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.97E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.67E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.64</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.47E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Clostridiumperfringens (Strain S-107) (ATCC 13124)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.75E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.43E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.83E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.69E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.43E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.50E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.78E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.20E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.82</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Clostridiumsporogenes (ATCC3584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.62E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.87E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.65</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.34E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.07E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.58E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.17E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.70</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Finegoldia magna(Strain WAL2508)(ATCC 29328)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.94E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.17E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.37E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.93E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.53E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.33E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.07E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnecrophorum (ATCC25286)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.92E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.57E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.78E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.44E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.23E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.72E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59E+07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.60E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.77</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism(ATCC Part #)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 0 hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 24 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AverageCFU/mlRecovery:Time 48 hrs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Changein Log10(0-48hrs.)*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pseudomonasaeruginosa (ATCCBAA-427)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspneumoniae (ATCC6305)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.34E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.60E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.27E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.67E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.53</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.09E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.27E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Haemophilusinfluenzae (ATCC10211)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.24E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.70E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.43E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.54</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.16E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.10E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.15E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.57E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.13E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.62</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Bacteroides fragilis(ATCC 25285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.98E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.09E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.50E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.79E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.30E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.52</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.70E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.27E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.51</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Fusobacteriumnucleatum (ATCC25586)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.30E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.52E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.13E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.22E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.47E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.81</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.93</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Neisseriagonorrhoeae (ATCC43069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.60E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.40E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.44</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.80E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.43E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.47</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.92E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.67E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Staphylococcusaureus (MRSA)(ATCC 43300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.05E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.92E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.43E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.39</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.99E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.63E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.46</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.20E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.95E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.83E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcusagalactiae (Group BStrep) (ATCC 13813)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Old</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.80E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.47E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Middle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.10E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.77E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.56</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.74E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.90E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.43E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.59</td></tr></table>

\* Neisseria gonorrhoeae Change in Log10 is (0–24 hrs.)

Additional studies were conducted with four (4) manufactured lots of ARX Liquid Amies Collection $\&$ Transport System for the evaluation of shelf-life stability at room temperature $( 2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ in real time in support of claims of media stability prior to sample collection, as shown in Table 11. The outcomes were acceptable and supported a stability claim of 18 months on the shelf for ARX Liquid Amies Collection $\&$ Transport System.

Table 11: Summary of Shelf-life Stability studies with ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-life Stabilitytests in real time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Outcome</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">) pH monitoring</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monthly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random tubes from independent lots stored at room temperatures(2025°C) maintained their pH within the specified range (7.30 ±0.2) with testing time ranging from time zero through 18 months.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(b) Visual estimationof turbidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monthly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random tubes from independent lots stored at room temperatures(2025°C) passed visual inspection with testing time ranging fromtime zero through 18 months.</td></tr><tr><td>)Viscosity measurement</td><td>4-month</td><td>Random tubes from independent lots stored at room temperatures (2025°C) maintained viscosity within a range of 1.075 ± 0.015 milliPascal.Second with testing time ranging from time zero through 18 months.</td></tr></table>

Conclusions from non-clinical Performance Studies:

Using both the Roll-Plate and Swab Elution Methods, the ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System showed recovery of bacteria within the acceptance criteria comparable to the predicate device for all holding temperatures tested. This demonstrates the acceptability of a stability claim of up to 48 hours for all organisms (except 24 hours for Neisseria gonorrhoeae) in clinical samples during storage and/or transport in this transport system. Additional studies conducted with the ARX Liquid Amies Collection & Transport System support the shelf-life stability claim of 18 months.