bioMérieux, Inc   
Jared Bronson   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K223481 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: November 17, 2022 Received: November 18, 2022

Dear Jared Bronson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>Food and Drug Administration</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K223481</td><td></td></tr></table>

Device Name

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is intended for use with the VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ and ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ COMPACT Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline is a quantitative test. Tetracycline has been shown to be active against the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections: Streptococcus pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes\*

\*The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card also reports the susceptibility of the following additional organisms as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretative Criteria website (STIC): Streptococcus spp. ß-Hemolytic Group (other than S. pyogenes).

The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Streptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and Viridans Streptococcus to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline $\mathbf { ( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu g / m L ) }$ )

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jared Bronson   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8799   
314-731-8689   
February 02, 2023

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6$ $\mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Classification Name:

21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code: LON

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6$ $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ) (K111893)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each VITEK® 2 AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK® 2 Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Streptococcus Tetracycline has the following concentrations in the card: 0.125, 0.5, 1, and $4 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline when compared to the predicate device, VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline (K111893), are described in the following table. The differences between both devices include the addition of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Beta hemolytic streptococcus spp. breakpoints and removal of Streptococcus spp. breakpoint, as well as narrowing the indications for use to Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device and PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K111893</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline(≤ 0.25 - ≥ 16 µg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK ® 2 Streptococcus Tetracyclineis designed for antimicrobialsusceptibility testing of Streptococcusspecies and is intended for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems as a laboratory aid in thedetermination of in vitro susceptibilityto antimicrobial agents. VITEK ® 2Streptococcus Tetracycline is aquantitative test. Tetracycline has beenshown to be active against most strainsof the microorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK ® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline isdesigned for antimicrobial susceptibilitytesting of Streptococcus species.VITEK ® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline isa quantitative test intended for use withthe VITEK ® 2 and the VITEK ® 2Compact Systems as a laboratory aid inthe determination of in vitrosusceptibility to antimicrobial agents.Tetracycline has an antimicrobial activityagainst the microorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITEK ® 2 StreptococcusSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinicallaboratories as an in vitro test todetermine the susceptibility ofStreptococcus pneumoniaeStreptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, andViridans Streptococcus toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITEK ® 2 AntimicrobialSusceptibility Test (AST) is intended tobe used with the VITEK® 2 System forthe automated quantitative or qualitativesusceptibility testing of isolated coloniesfor the most clinically significant aerobicgram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcusspp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcusspp. and clinically significant yeast.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimicrobial Agent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline suspension of organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus (AST-ST) SusceptibilityCard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Algorithms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discriminant Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.125, 0.5, 1, 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Breakpoints</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniaeS≤1,I 2,R&gt;4Beta hemolytic Streptococcus species(including S. pyogenes)S≤2,1 4,R≥8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus spp.S≤ 4,I 8, R≥16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Streptococcus pneumoniaeStreptococcus pyogenes **The VITEK® 2 StreptococcusSusceptibility Card also reports thesusceptibility of the followingadditional organisms as listed on theFDA Susceptibility TestInterpretative Criteria website</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active in vitro and in clinical infections:Streptococcus pneumoniaeStreptococcus pyogenesViridans group streptococci</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(STIC): Streptococcus spp. B- Hemolytic Group (other than S. pyogenes).</td><td></td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Streptococcus Tetracycline is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and $\operatorname { V I T E K } ^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline is a quantitative test. Tetracycline has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active in vitro and in clinical infections: Streptococcus pneumoniae Streptococcus pyogenes\*

\*The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card also reports the susceptibility of the following additional organisms as listed on the FDA Susceptibility Test Interpretative Criteria website (STIC): Streptococcus spp. ß-Hemolytic Group (other than S. pyogenes).

The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Streptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and Viridans Streptococcus to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the Broth Microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (510[k]) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-24 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Tetracycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 \ \textrm { -- } \ \geq 1 6 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated acceptable performance of $9 8 . 3 \%$ overall Essential Agreement and $9 7 . 9 \%$ overall Category Agreement with the reference method as presented in Table 2 below:

Table 2: $\mathbf { V I T E K } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Streptococcus Tetracycline Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimi-crobal</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(284/289)98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(288/289)99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/83)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/206)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/289)0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(307/308)999.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(308/308)10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/28)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/280)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/308)0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-hemoly-tic Strepto-coccus (Otherthan Strepto-coccus pyo-gens).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(518/530)97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(509/530)96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/348)0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/166)0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(18/530)3.4%</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

H. The performance data presented in the submission support a substantial equivalence decision. ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \overline { { \mathbb { P } } } } 2$ AST-Streptococcus Tetracycline $( \leq 0 . 2 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) is substantially equivalent to VITEK® 2 AST Streptococcus Tetracycline (K111893).

# G. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.