# February 16, 2023

bioMerieux, Inc   
Cherece Jones   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K223478 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ); VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 ASTGN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ); VITEK 2 AST-GN Plazomicin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW Dated: November 17, 2022 Received: November 18, 2022

Dear Cherece Jones:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief,   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \otimes } 2$ and $\mathrm { V I T E K ^ { \otimes } } 2$ Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. $\mathrm { V I T E K } ^ { \mathbb { B } } 2$ AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin is a quantitative test. Plazomicin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Escherichia coli   
Klebsiella pneumoniae   
Enterobacter cloacae

In vitro data are available, but their clinical significance is unknown:

Citrobacter freundii   
Citrobacter koseri   
Klebsiella (Enterobacter) aerogenes   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Proteus vulgaris   
Serratia marcescens

The VITEK® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Name:</td><td>bioMérieux, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Address:</td><td>595 Anglum Road Hazelwood, MO 63042</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Cherece L. Jones</td></tr><tr><td>Phone Number:</td><td>Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314 -731-8684</td></tr><tr><td>Fax Number:</td><td>314-731-8689</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Preparation:</td><td>November 17, 2022</td></tr><tr><td>B. Device Name:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Formal/Trade Name:</td><td>VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin (≤0.5 - ≥16</td></tr><tr><td>Classification Name:</td><td>μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>21 CFR 866.1645 Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code(s):</td><td>Antimicrobial Susceptibility System LON, LTT, LTW</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>C. Predicate Device:</td><td>VITEK ® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin (≤0.5 - ≥16 µg/mL) VITEK® 2 AST-GN Gentamicin (≤ 1 − ≥16 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(K163563)</td></tr></table>

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the VITEK® 2 AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

# VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

Each VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

$\mathrm { V I T E K } ^ { \mathfrak { P } } \ Z$ AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) is substantially equivalent to ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } ~ .$ 2 AST-GN Gentamicin $( \leq 1 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K163563). A summary of the similarities and differences of the VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) and VITEK® 2 AST-GN Gentamicin $( \leq 1 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) (K163563) are provided in Table 1 below:

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device andPredicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:VITEK® 2 AST-Gram NegativePlazomicin (≤0.5 - ≥16 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GN Gentamicin(≤ 1 −≥16 µg/mL) (K163563)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The VITEK® 2 Gram-NegativeSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofclinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobialagents when used as instructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The VITEK ® 2 AntimicrobialSusceptibility Test (AST) is intendedto be used with the VITEK ® 2 Systemsfor the automated quantitative orqualitative susceptibility testing ofisolated colonies for the mostclinically significant aerobic gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp.,Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp.and clinically significant yeast.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline suspension of organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gram-Negative (AST-GN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td>New Device and Predicate Device:</td><td>New Device: VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin (≤0.5 - ≥16 μg/mL)</td><td>Predicate Device: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Gentamicin (≤ 1 − ≥16 μµg/mL) (K163563)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Susceptibility Card</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Analysis Algorithms</td><td>Growth Pattern Analysis (GPA)</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>VITEK ® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">General Device Characteristic Differences Indications for Use VITEK ® 2 AST-Gram Negative VITEK ® 2 Gram Negative Gentamicin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Plazomicin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the VITEK ® 2 and VITEK ® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 AST-Gram Negative Plazomicin is a quantitative test. Plazomicin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.</td><td>is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram negative bacilli and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK ® 2 Gram Negative Gentamicin is a quantitative test. Gentamicin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Active both in vitro and in clinical infections: Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Enterobacter cloacae In vitro data are available, but their</td><td>Active in vitro and in clinical infections Citrobacter species Enterobacter species Escherichia coli Klebsiella species Proteus species Serratia species</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>clinical significance is unknown: Citrobacter freundii Citrobacter koseri Klebsiella (Enterobacter) aerogenes Klebsiella oxytoca Proteus vulgaris</td><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa The VITEK ® 2 Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) is intended to be used with the VITEK® 2 Systems</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Serratia marcescens The VITEK ® 2 Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK ® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-</td><td>for the automated quantitative or qualitative susceptibility testing of isolated colonies for the most clinically significant aerobic gram- negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., Streptococcus spp. and clinically significant yeast.</td></tr></table>

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device andPredicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GramNegativePlazomicin (≤0.5 - ≥16 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:VITEK® 2 AST-GNGentamicin(≤ 1 -≥16 μg/mL) (K163563)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agents when used as instructed.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plazomicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2, 4, 8 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4, 8, 32 µg/mL</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Gram-Negative Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of clinically significant aerobic Gram-negative bacilli to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 ~ - ~ \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the CLSI Broth Microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification $( 5 1 0 [ \mathrm { k } ] )$ presents data in support of VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5$ $\mathtt { - } \ge 1 6 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } $ ). An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of AST-GN Plazomicin by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-24 hours. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ) demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

# VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

Table 2: VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin Performance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntimicrobialCode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntibioticVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bp1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%Reproducciibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plazomicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(plz01n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA(CLSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EEnterobacteriaceae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(847/858)98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(853/858)99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/57)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1/797)0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(4/858)0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td></tr></table>

The VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin MIC values tended to be in exact agreement or at least one doubling dilution lower when testing $E$ . coli, and S. marcescens compared to the CLSI reference broth microdilution.

The VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin MIC values tended to be one doubling dilution higher when testing $K .$ pneumoniae compared to the CLSI reference broth microdilution.

# H. Quality Control:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>CLSI®Quality Control Organisms VITEK®2 Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. coliATCC® 25922TM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P. aeruginosaATCC® 27853TM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plazomicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>plz01n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5-2*0(*FDA/CLSI broth dilution expectedQC range = 0.25 − 2 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td></tr></table>

1 Abbreviations — Bp $=$ breakpoint committee; EA $=$ essential agreement; CA $=$ category agreement; VME $=$ Very Major Error (susceptible result with resistant reference result); $\mathrm { M E } = $ Major Error (resistant result with susceptible reference result); $\mathrm { m E = }$ minor Error (susceptible or resistant result with an intermediate reference result, or an intermediate result with a susceptible or resistant reference result). Key: $\# =$ US Food and Drug Administration 510(k) cleared $\mathrm { E = }$ External performance data   
Numerical values are expressed in $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . ◊ Does not include the full CLSI/FDA-recommended dilution range for QC testing with this organism.

Results for the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } \geq 1 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ were within the expected QC results range $59 5 \%$ of the time for both dilution options of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and manual dilution on the VITEK $^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact.

# I. Limitations:

Perform an alternative method of testing prior to reporting of results for the following antibiotic/organism combination(s):

# VITEK® 2 AST-GN Plazomicin $( \leq 0 . 5 - \geq 1 6 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ Traditional 510(k) Submission

• Plazomicin (plz01n): Morganella morganii, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia stuartii

The ability of the AST card to detect resistance with the following combination(s) is unknown because resistant strains were not available at the time of comparative testing:

Plazomicin (plz01n): Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, Klebsiella (Enterobacter) aerogenes, Klebsiella oxytoca, Proteus vulgaris, and Serratia marcescens

# J. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.

2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.

3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.