January 29, 2024

Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. Khushvanreep Singh   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
4300 Hacienda Drive   
Pleasanton, California 94588-2722

Re: K223591 Trade/Device Name: cobas SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas Liat System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF

Dear Khushvanreep Singh:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated July 27, 2023. Specifically, FDA is updating this SE letter as an administrative correction of the trade/device name.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Heath, Dr. Joseph Briggs, Phone number: 240-402- 7942, Email Address: Joseph.Briggs@fda.hhs.gov.

Sincerely,

# Joseph Briggs -S

Joseph Briggs, Ph.D.   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. Khushvanreep Singh   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
4300 Hacienda Drive   
Pleasanton, California 94588-2722

Re: K223591 Trade/Device Name: cobas SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B for use on the cobas Liat System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF Dated: November 30, 2022 Received: December 1, 2022

Dear Khushvanreep Singh:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joseph Briggs -S

Joseph Briggs, Ph.D.   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Liat $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lia $\mathbf { \Delta } \cdot \textcircled { \mathbf { R } }$ System (cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 &I/l votes intended or the imultaneous qualitativdetection and diferentiation  severacuterespiratory ynrme u AR-- nvua PS edial  sn aC symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2 and influenza can be similar.

cobas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, laraiARS-CoV-znzaviuicciralblNPS ANS specimens during the acute phase of infection.

Posiv result do not rule ut o-infection with other rganisms. The agent( detected by the cobas SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B may not be the definite cause of disease.

Neul oARuhu not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B for use on the cobas® Liat® System 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4300 Hacienda DrivePleasanton, CA 94588-2722</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Khushvanreep SinghPhone: (908) 253-7864FAX: (925) 225-0207Email: Khushvanreep.singh@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>July 24, 2023</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B for use on the cobas® Liat System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device to detect and identify nucleic acid targets in respiratory specimens frommicrobial agents that cause the SARS-CoV-2 respiratory infection and othermicrobial agents when in a multi-target test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3981</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QOF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFire® RP2.1 Panel (DEN200031)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. (2243471)</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B assay uses real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) technology to rapidly (approximately 20 minutes) detect and differentiate between SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B viruses from nasopharyngeal and nasal swabs. The automation, small footprint, and easy-to-use interface of the cobas® Liat® System enable performance of this test to occur at the POC or in a clinical laboratory setting.

# 1.1. Principles of the Procedure

The cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B nucleic acid test for use on the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Liat $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System (cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B) is an automated rapid multiplex real-time, reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, and influenza B virus nucleic acid in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and anterior nasal swab (ANS) specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2 and influenza can be similar.

cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and/or influenza B infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B viral nucleic acid are generally detectable in NPS and ANS specimens during the acute phase of infection.

Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the cobas SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B may not be the definite cause of disease.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and/or influenza B infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

# 2. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The primary technological characteristics and intended use of the RMS cobas® SARS CoV-2 & Influenza A/B Nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System are substantially equivalent to other legally marketed nucleic acid amplification tests intended for the qualitative detection of SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B.

As indicated in Table 1, the RMS cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test for use on the cobas® Liat® System is substantially equivalent to significant characteristics of the identified predicate device, the currently cleared BioFire® RP2.1 Panel (DEN200031).

Table 1: Comparison of the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B for use on the cobas® Liat® System and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Submitted Device: cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B for use on the cobas® Liat® System</td><td>Predicate Device: BioFire® RP2.1 Panel (DEN200031)</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Name</td><td>21 CFR 866.3981</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>QOF</td><td>QOF The BioFire Respiratory Panel 2.1 (RP2.1)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B nucleic acid test for use on the cobas® Liat® System (cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B) is an automated rapid multiplex real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, and influenza B virus nucleic acid in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and anterior nasal swab (ANS)specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS- CoV-2 and influenza can be similar. cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A , and/or influenza B infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B viral nucleic acid are generally detectable in NPS and ANS specimens during the acute phase of infection. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B may not be the definite cause of disease. Negative results do not preclude SARS- CoV-2, influenza A, and/or influenza B infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.</td><td>is a PCR-based multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with the BioFire FilmArray 2.0 or BioFire FilmArray Torch systems for the simultaneous qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals suspected of respiratory tract infections, including COVID-19. The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the BioFire RP2.1: Adenovirus, Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus HKU1, Coronavirus NL63, Coronavirus OC43, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), Human Metapneumovirus, Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus, Influenza A, including subtypes H1, H1-2009, and H3, Influenza B, Parainfluenza Virus 1, Parainfluenza Virus 2, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Parainfluenza Virus 4, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Bordetella parapertussis (IS1001), Bordetella pertussis (ptxP), Chlamydia pneumoniae, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae Nucleic acids from the respiratory viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device:cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B foruse on the cobas® Liat® System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:BioFire® RP2.1 Panel (DEN200031)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">during the acute phase of infection. Thedetection and identification of specific viraland bacterial nucleic acids from individualsexhibiting signs and/or symptoms ofrespiratory infection is indicative of thepresence of the identified microorganismand aids in the diagnosis of respiratoryinfection if used in conjunction with otherclinical and epidemiological information.The results of this test should not be usedas the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment,or other patient management decisions.Negative results in the setting of arespiratory illness may be due to infectionwith pathogens that are not detected by thistest, or lower respiratory tract infection thatmay not be detected by an NPS specimen.Positive results do not rule out coinfectionwith other organisms. The agent(s)detected by the BioFire RP2.1 may not bethe definite cause of disease. Additionallaboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viralculture, immunofluorescence, andradiography) may be necessary whenevaluating a patient with possiblerespiratory tract infection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal and nasal swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 ORF1 a/b non-structural regionSARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid proteingeneInfluenza A matrix geneInfluenza B nonstructural proteingene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For SARS-CoV-2 organismsspike protein (S) gene andmembrane protein (M) gene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ancillary Collection Kits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan FLOQSwabs ™ with UTM™,UVT and other swabs with other viraltransport media (VTM) - e.g., M4RT,M4, M5 and M60.9% Saline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viral Transport Media (VTM)Saline (0.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 stage PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay using different reporterdyes for target and control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two Step Nested multiplex PCR:Reverse transcription, followed by amultiplexed first stage PCR reaction(PCR1).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple simultaneous second-stagePCR reactions (PCR2) to amplifysequences within the PCR1 productsusing fluorescence double strandedbinding dye. Endpoint melting curvedata to detect target-specificamplicons</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing control (IC) Positiveand negative control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two process controls:RNA Process Control (IC)PCR2 Control (A positive resultindicates that PCR2 was successful)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR Cycle threshold analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endpoint melting curve data to detecttarget-specific amplicons</td></tr></table>

# 3. SPECIAL CONTROLS/STANDARDS/GUIDANCE REFERENCED

Class II Special Controls as per 21 CFR 866.3981.

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

4.1. Non-clinical performance for SARS-CoV-2

# 4.1.1. Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Limit of detection (LoD) studies determine the lowest detectable concentration of SARS-CoV-2 at which greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ of all (true positive) replicates give a result of SARS-CoV2 Detected.

# 4.1.1.1. WHO International Standard

The LoD using WHO International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA (NIBSC code: 20/146) was determined by reconstituting the WHO Standard to $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ according to the WHO NIBSC code: 20/146 Instructions for use (Version 1.0, Dated 14-Dec-2020). Following reconstitution, the WHO Standard was diluted to an intermediate stock (IS) concentration in UTM.

WHO Standard IS was serially diluted in pooled negative nasopharyngeal swabs matrix. Five concentration levels were tested with 24 replicates at each level across three lots of assay tubes (8 replicates per lot). Three independent dilution series were used in the study with an

approximately equal numbers of replicates per dilution series. The LoD was determined by $9 5 \%$ hit rate to be $6 2 . 5 \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

The results of the hit rate are shown in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Hit rate and mean Ct results of SARS-CoV-2 LoD determination   
Strain - WHO International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA (NIBSC code: 20/146 )   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration[IU/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valid positiveresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total valid results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hit rate [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Ct*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.2</td></tr></table>

\*Calculations only include positive results.

# 4.1.1.2. SARS-CoV-2 viral culture

To determine the LoD for SARS-CoV-2, a heat inactivated cultured virus of an isolate from a US patient (USA-WA1/2020, lot number 324047, $3 . 1 6 \mathrm { E } { + 0 6 }$ TCID50/mL, ZeptoMetrix, NY, USA) was serially diluted in pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab matrix. Five concentration levels were tested with 20 replicates except for the highest concentration level, which was tested with 10 replicates. Three lots of assay tubes (approximately equal numbers of replicates per lot), and two independent dilution series (equal numbers of replicates per dilution series) were used in the study.

As shown in Table 3, the concentration level with observed hit rates greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ was 0.012 TCID50/mL (12 copies/mL) for SARS-CoV-2.

Table 3: LoD determination Using USA-WA1/2020 strain   
Strain - USA-WA1/2020 (stock concentration $3 . 1 6 \mathsf { E } \star 0 6$ TCID50/mL)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration[TCID5o/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration[copies/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total validresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hit rate [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Ct*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.048</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.024</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration[TCID50/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration[copies/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total validresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hit rate [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Ct*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.7</td></tr></table>

# 4.1.2. Reactivity/inclusivity

The inclusivity study evaluates the ability of the assay to detect SARS-CoV-2 isolates/variants. The reactivity/inclusivity was evaluated with 16 SARS-CoV-2 isolates/variants. The isolates/variants were tested as inactivated viruses diluted into pooled clinical negative nasopharyngeal swab matrix. The isolates/variants tested in the study and the concentrations that they can be detected are listed in Table 4. In silico analysis of additional SARS-CoV-2 sequences indicates that $5 9 9 . 9 \%$ of sequences for SARS-CoV-2 have no changes in primer/probe binding sites at both target regions simultaneously. All known sequences are predicted to be detected by at least one of the two target regions.

Table 4: Results of Testing SARS-CoV-2 Isolate/Variant   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate/Variant Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PangoLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WHOLabel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestConcentration(copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InfluenzaB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 Italy-INMI1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">not listed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 HongKong/VM20001061/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2England/204820464/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 SouthAfrica/KRISP-K005325/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.351</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/COR-22-063113/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BA5.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/GA-EHC-2811C/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BA.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP40900/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.529,XBB.1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP38861/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.529,BQ.1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP38288/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.529,BF.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP30386/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.529,BA.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/MD-HP24556/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BA.2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/MD-HP20874/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.529</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.00E+00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/CA-Stanford-15_S02/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.617.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kappa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/NY-Wadsworth-21025952/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.526</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lota</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.60E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/PHC658/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.617.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/Japan/TY7-503/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr></table>

# 4.1.3. Cross Reactivity (Exclusivity)

Cross-reactivity of cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B was evaluated by testing a panel of multiple unique sub-species of microorganisms. High titer stocks of the potentially cross-reacting microorganisms were spiked into pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab clinical matrix to a concentration level of $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ units $\mathrm { \Delta } ^ { \prime } \mathrm { m L }$ for viruses and $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 0 6 }$ units/mL for other microorganisms, unless otherwise noted.

None of the organisms tested interfered with cobas® SARS-CoV-2 performance by generating false positive results.

Table 5: Cross-reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testingconc.*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Enterovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus 27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 4A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus Flavus var. flavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium flavescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorumsubsp. Necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus crispatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria flava</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii clinicalSample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:10 diluted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:10 diluted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr></table>

\*EB/mL, CFU/mL, IU/mL, TCID50/mL, particles/mL, copies/mL, or PFU/mL

# 4.1.3.1. Microbial interference

Microbial Interference of cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B was evaluated by testing a panel of multiple unique sub-species of microorganisms (Table 6) in the presence of $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD concentrations of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B viruses. High titer stocks of the potentially interfering microorganisms were spiked into pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab clinical matrix with spiked 3x LoD concentrations of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B viruses.

Results show that the presence of the microorganisms at the concentrations tested did not interfere with the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza B by generating false negative results. Please note that in the presence of SARS-coronavirus (SARS-CoV-1) at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 0 5 } \mathrm { p f u / m L }$ , a 3x LoD concentration of SARS-CoV-2 was not detected but influenza A and influenza B were detected at 3x LoD, when SARS-CoV-1 was at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 4 \mathrm { p f u } / \mathrm { m L }$ , 3x LoD of SARS-CoV-2 can be detected indicating SARS CoV-1 at 1e5 PFU/mL or higher may interfere with SARS-CoV-2 detection. However the likelihood of a co-infection with SARS CoV-1 is remote as the last confirmed case of SARS-CoV-1 was reported in 2004.

Table 6: Microbial interference   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testingconc.*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Enterovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SARS Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus 27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenzavirus Type 4A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus Flavus var. flavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium flavescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorumsubsp. Necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus crispatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria flava</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00E+03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii clinicalSample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:10 diluted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:10 diluted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td></tr></table>

\*EB/mL, CFU/mL, IU/mL, TCID50/mL, particles/mL, copies/mL, or PFU/mL

# 4.1.4. Endogenous and exogenous interference

Potentially interfering substances that may be commonly encountered in respiratory specimens were evaluated. Medically and/or physiologically relevant concentrations of potential interferents were tested with 1 influenza A strain, 1 influenza B strain and 1 SARS-CoV-2 strain at ${ \sim } 3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD. Each substance was tested, by introducing interferents into pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab specimens (NNPS) in UTM and tested with and without target strains. As shown in Table 7, substances at the concentrations tested did not interfere in the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B.

Table 7: Interference testing results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin: bovine submaxillary gland, type I-S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified mucin protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%(v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0E+06 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal spray - Afrin / Anefrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroids - Flonase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal gel - Zicam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galphimia glauca, Histaminumhydrochloricum, Luffa operculata, Sulphur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oral anesthetic andanalgesic - Cepacol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment - Bactroban</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiviral drug - Relenza</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiviral drug - Tamiflu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oseltamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# 4.1.5. Competitive Inhibition

Competitive inhibition for the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B was evaluated by performing a series of dilution experiments using co-infected samples which contained one panel target at high concentration and one or more additional panel targets at low concentrations. Low concentrations were defined as ${ \sim } 3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD. High concentration targets were defined as either high (Ct 20-24) or very high (Ct 12-16) titers. Samples were tested in a series of dilutions until the low concentration targets were detected at $100 \%$ hit rate

The results showed that 1) 3x LoD of SARS-CoV-2 can be detected in presence of $8 . 3 \mathrm { E } \mathrm { + } 0 8 $ copies/mL of influenza A and $8 . 1 \mathrm { E } { + 0 5 }$ copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ of influenza B; 2) 3x LoD of influenza A can be detected in presence of $6 . 5 \mathrm { E } { + 0 6 }$ copies/mL of influenza B and $3 . 6 \mathrm { E } { + 0 4 }$ copies/mL SARSCoV-2; 3) 3x LoD of influenza B can be detected in presence of $8 . 3 \mathrm { E } \mathrm { + } 0 8 $ copies/mL of influenza A and $3 . 6 \mathrm { E } { + 4 }$ copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ of SARS-CoV-2. Competitive inhibition study concluded that the assay detects SARS-CoV-2 in the presence of competing targets of influenza A and influenza B at high levels. High SARS-CoV-2 levels $\mathrm { ( C t } < 1 6 \mathrm { ) }$ inhibit influenza A/B detection. The results demonstrate that the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B will detect coinfection of influenza A, influenza B and SARS-CoV-2 viruses at the determined concentrations.

# 4.1.6. Matrix Equivalency

Matrix Equivalency was evaluated by spiking cultured viruses (SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and influenza B) at $2 \mathbf { x }$ and ${ 5 } \mathrm { x }$ LoD into nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) collected in UTM, M4RT and Saline $( 0 . 9 \% \mathrm { N a C l } )$ in addition to negative samples. Pooled negative clinical specimens and contrived positive clinical specimens were tested with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B assay.

For each matrix, 10 replicates of negative samples, 30 replicates of positive samples at $2 \mathbf { x }$ LoD and 10 replicates of positive samples at 5x LoD were tested. The expected positive hit rate was $0 \%$ for negative samples, $2 9 5 \%$ for positive samples at $2 \mathbf { x }$ LoD and $100 \%$ for positive samples at 5x LoD. The results showed that the assay was able to correctly detect the presence of the viral targets suspended in all matrices (Table 8) demonstrating that UTM, M4RT, and Saline media are acceptable collection and transport media for use with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ for use on the cobas® Liat® System.

Table 8: Summary of Matrix Equivalency Study Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">SampleConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NPS Collection Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hit Rate %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(positive/tests)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">5x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">SampleConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NPS Collection Media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hit Rate %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(positive/tests)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97% (29/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">5x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% (0/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">2x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">5x LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UTM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SALINE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (10/10)</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Non-clinical performance for Influenza A/B

# 4.2.1. Analytical sensitivity

The Limit of Detection (LoD) was evaluated using 3 strains of influenza A and 2 strains of influenza B. The LoD was determined by limiting dilution studies using these titered viruses. The viruses were spiked into negative nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) in UTM sample matrix. The LoD was determined to be $2 { \times } 1 0 ^ { - 3 } - 2 { \times } 1 0 ^ { - 2 } \mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ for influenza A strains, and $2 \times 1 0 ^ { - 3 } - 4 \times 1 0 ^ { - 3 } \mathrm { T C I D } \varsigma _ { 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for influenza B strains (Table 9)

Table 9: LoD determination for influenza A and influenza B strains   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoD (TCID50/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 × 10-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 × 10-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/01/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 × 10-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 × 10-3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0 × 10-3</td></tr></table>

Note: Analytical sensitivity of the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B assay was evaluated and shown to be equivalent to the cobas® Influenza A/B & RSV assay using cultured A/Brisbane/59/07 and B/Florida/04/06 (data not shown).

# 4.2.2. Reactivity/inclusivity

The reactivity study evaluates the ability to detect influenza strains representing temporal and geographical diversity. The reactivity/inclusivity was evaluated with 28 influenza A and 15 influenza B strains. Influenza A strains included 14 influenza A/H1 strains (including 3 H1N1 pdm09 strains), 12 influenza A/H3 strains (including 1 H3N2v strain), 1 influenza A/H7N9 strain, and 1 influenza A/H5N1 reassortant strain. Influenza B strains included that from both the Victoria lineage and Yamagata lineage. All strains were detected at the concentrations tested (Table 10). In silico analysis of influenza A and influenza B sequences predicted that the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B Test detects all the recorded circulating strains as of January 2023.

Table 10: Results of testing Influenza A and Influenza B strains   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type / Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf AResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf BResult</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Alice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0x10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H7N9 (Eurasianlineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10³ TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0x10-2 TCIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×10-3 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Cambodia/X0810301/2013(H5N1)-PR8-IDCDC-RG34B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H5N1 reassortant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×101 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/FM/1/47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3/Perth/16/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/8/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0×10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/MRC2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/01/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1 pdm09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×10-² TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/02/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1 pdm09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×10-2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/NY/03/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1 pdm09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10° TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Solomon Island/3/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-2 TCIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/1976/31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/lowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10² CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0x10-² TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Weiss/43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10³ TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-1 TCIDso/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Victoria lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10-² TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Yamagata lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×10-3 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/07/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Yamagata lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-²2 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×10° TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/HongKong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Victoria lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0×10-3 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0x10-² TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Mass/3/66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×101 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Yamagata lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-3 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Victoria lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×10-1 CEID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/6/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Yamagata lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×10-1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Wisconsin/1/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Yamagata lineage)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0×10-1 TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr></table>

# 4.2.3. Cross reactivity

Cross-reactivity study evaluates potential cross reactivity with non-influenza microorganisms that may be present in nasopharyngeal swab samples. The cross reactivity was evaluated against a panel comprising human genomic DNA and 35 microorganisms. Bacteria and Candida albicans were tested at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ , or the highest available concentration. No cross reactivity was observed for the human genomic DNA or the microorganisms at the concentrations tested (Table 11).

Table 11: Influenza A/B cross-reactivity testing results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganism</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf A Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf B Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Enterovirus 68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0×103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganism</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf A Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf B Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella-Zoster Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4×103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

† Testing was performed with genomic DNA due to difficulties in propagation of these bacteria.

# 4.2.4. Interfering microorganisms

Interfering microorganism study evaluates whether non-influenza microorganisms that may be present in nasopharyngeal swab samples can interfere in the detection of influenza A or influenza B. The panel comprising human genomic DNA and 35 microorganisms tested in the crossreactivity study was tested for potential interference. Bacteria and Candida albicans were tested $\mathrm { a t } \geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ and viruses were tested at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TCID50/mL or the highest available concentration, in the presence of 1 influenza A strain and 1 influenza B strain at ${ \sim } 3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD

concentration in negative NPS in UTM matrix. Results show that the presence of human genomic DNA or the microorganisms at the concentrations tested did not interfere with the detection of influenza A or influenza B (Table 12).

Table 12: Influenza A/B interfering microorganisms study results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Microorganism</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Test Concentration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1 Influenza A &amp; 1 Influenza B strain at~3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf A Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inf B Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Enterovirus 68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0×103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella-Zoster Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4×103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3×106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Genomic DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0×104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr></table>

† Testing was performed with genomic DNA due to difficulties in propagation of these bacteria.

# 5. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The clinical performance of the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test for the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B was separately evaluated using unpaired retrospective and paired prospective clinical nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and nasal swab (NS) specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infection. Testing of clinical samples was performed with the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test at 10 point-of-care healthcare facilities (e.g., emergency rooms, outpatient clinics, and physician offices). For the SARS-CoV-2 target, results from cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B were compared to results from three highly sensitive FDA-authorized laboratory-based RT-PCR EUA assays (composite comparator method). For influenza A/B targets, results from cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARSCoV-2 & Influenza A/B were compared to results from an acceptable molecular comparator for influenza (comparator method).

Prospective clinical specimens were collected and tested February–June 2022. In total, prospectively collected specimens from 640 evaluable symptomatic individuals were included in the analysis population for the evaluation of cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B. No coinfections with SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A/B were detected by the comparator method. No prospective fresh specimens tested in this performance evaluation were influenza B positive by the comparator method.

Additionally, to supplement the prospective data for influenza A and influenza B, retrospective frozen positive and negative NPS $\mathrm { ( n { = } 1 7 8 }$ ) and NS $\mathrm { \Pi } _ { [ 1 = 1 9 0 } ^ { }$ ) specimens prospectively obtained during the 2013-2014, 2014-2015, and 2019-2020 flu seasons and during the COVID-19

pandemic (March–June 2021) were distributed to 4 of the 10 sites and worked into the daily workflow of sites for testing.

The clinical performance of the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test for the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B from healthcare-provider collected prospective nasopharyngeal (NPS) specimens collected in UTM/UVT was evaluated from a total of 640 symptomatic subjects. Of these, 13 NPS specimens had no comparator results due to incidents (11) or missing/not tested (2); 11 NPS specimen results from cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B were non-evaluable due to protocol deviation (8), not tested (1), or invalids (2). In addition, 178 retrospective NPS specimens (44 influenza A-positive, 22 influenza B-positive, and 112 negative) were tested at sites. Of these, two retrospective NPS samples were non-evaluable due to obtaining invalid results from the comparator device, and three obtained invalid results for influenza B with the candidate device, leaving 176 evaluable retrospective NPS samples for influenza A and 173 for influenza B. In total, the remaining 616 NPS specimens for SARS-CoV2, 792 NPS specimens for influenza A, and $7 8 9 \mathrm { N P S }$ specimens for influenza B were evaluable and included in the clinical performance evaluation of cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B.

As shown in Table 13 for prospective symptomatic subjects, 101 NPS specimens tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 with both the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test on cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Liat System and the composite comparator; five SARS-CoV-2-positive specimens tested negative for SARS-CoV-2 with the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test. A total of 507 NPS specimens tested negative for SARS-CoV-2 with both the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test and the composite comparator; three SARS-CoV-2-negative specimens tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 with the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test. All discordant SARSCoV-2 results showed late Ct values, which are indicative of NPS specimens from individuals with viral loads near or below the limit of detection of both cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ and the composite comparator methods.

For SARS-CoV-2, the results of the clinical performance evaluation using NPS specimens from prospective symptomatic subjects demonstrated $9 5 . 3 \%$ positive percent agreement (PPA) (101/106; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $8 9 . 4 \% - 9 8 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 4 \%$ negative percent agreement (NPA) (507/510; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 8 . 3 \% - 9 9 . 8 \%$ ) as compared to the composite comparator method.

Table 13: Clinical performance comparison – SARS-CoV-2 for prospective NPS specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Composite Comparator MethodSARS-CoV-2 Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; InfluenzaA/B oncobas® Liat® SystemNasopharyngeal Swab (NPS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>507</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>PPA                        95.3% (95% CI: 89.4% - 98.0%)NPA                        99.4% (95% CI: 98.3% - 99.8%)</td></tr></table>

As shown in Table 14 for prospective symptomatic subjects, 18 NPS specimens tested positive for influenza A with both the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test on cobas® Liat System and the comparator assay; one influenza A-positive specimen tested negative for influenza A with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test. A total of 595 NPS specimens tested negative for influenza A with both the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test and the comparator assay; two influenza A-negative specimens tested positive for influenza A with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ test.

For influenza A, the results of the clinical performance evaluation using NPS specimens from prospective symptomatic subjects demonstrated $9 4 . 7 \%$ PPA (18/19; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $7 5 . 4 \%$ - $9 9 . 1 \%$ ) and $9 9 . 7 \%$ NPA (595/597; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 8 . 8 \% - 9 9 . 9 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

Table 14: Clinical performance comparison – Influenza A for prospective NPS specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator MethodInfluenza A Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B oncobas® Liat SystemNasopharyngeal Swab (NPS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td></tr></table>

PPA $9 4 . 7 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $7 5 . 4 \% - 9 9 . 1 \%$ ) NPA $9 9 . 7 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 8 . 8 \% - 9 9 . 9 \% )$

As shown in Table 15 for retrospective NPS specimens, the results of the clinical performance evaluation for influenza A demonstrated $9 7 . 7 \%$ PPA (43/44; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $8 8 . 2 \% - 9 9 . 6 \% )$ and $9 9 . 2 \%$ NPA (131/132; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 5 . 8 \% - 9 9 . 9 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

Table 15: Clinical performance comparison – Influenza A for retrospective NPS specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator MethodInfluenza A Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B oncobas Liat® SystemNasopharyngeal Swab (NPS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td></tr></table>

PPA $9 7 . 7 \% ( 9 5 \% \subset 1 : 8 8 . 2 \% - 9 9 . 6 \% )$ NPA $9 9 . 2 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 95.8% - 99.9%)

As shown in Table 16 for retrospective NPS specimens, the results of the clinical performance evaluation for influenza B demonstrated $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ PPA (22/22; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $8 5 . 1 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ NPA (151/151; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 7 . 5 \% - \ 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

For prospective symptomatic subjects, PPA was not calculable because no fresh specimens were influenza B-positive by the comparator method. For influenza B, the results of the clinical performance evaluation using NPS specimens from prospective symptomatic subjects demonstrated $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ NPA (616/616; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 9 . 4 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

Table 16: Clinical performance comparison – Influenza B for retrospective NPS specimens   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Comparator Method Influenza B Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B on cobas® Liat® System</td><td></td><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>22</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Nasopharyngeal Swab (NPS)</td><td>Negative</td><td>0</td><td>151</td></tr></table>

PPA $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 5 . 1 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ NPA $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 7 . 5 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$

# 5.1. Clinical performance evaluation using NS clinical specimens

The clinical performance of the cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ test for the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B from prospective nasal (NS) specimens collected in UTM/UVT was evaluated from a total of 640 symptomatic subjects; prospective NS specimens were comprised of either healthcare provider-collected $\left( \mathrm { n } { = } 3 2 5 , 5 0 . 8 \% \right)$ or self-collected swabs $\left( \mathrm { n { = } 3 1 5 , 4 9 . 2 \% } \right)$ . Of these, 11 NS specimens had no comparator results due to incidents (9) or missing/not tested (2); $1 3 \mathrm { N S }$ specimen results from cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B were non-evaluable due to protocol deviation (8) or invalids (5). In addition, 190 retrospective NS specimens (37 influenza A-positive, 35 influenza B-positive, and 118 negative) were tested at sites. Of these, three retrospective NS samples were non-evaluable due to obtaining invalid results from the comparator device, and one was aborted by the candidate device, leaving 186 evaluable retrospective NS samples for influenza A and influenza B. In total, the remaining 616 NS specimens for SARS-CoV-2, 802 NS specimens for influenza A, and 802 NS specimens for influenza B were evaluable and included in the clinical performance evaluation of cobas $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B.

As shown in Table 17 for prospective symptomatic subjects, 105 NS specimens tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 with both the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test on cobas® Liat System and the composite comparator; four SARS-CoV-2-positive specimens tested negative for SARS-CoV-2 with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test. A total of 503 NS specimens tested negative for SARS-CoV-2 with both the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test and the composite comparator; four SARS-CoV-2-negative specimens tested positive for SARSCoV-2 with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test. All eight of the discordant SARSCoV-2 results showed late Ct values, which are indicative of NS specimens from individuals with viral loads near or below the limit of detection of both cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ and the composite comparator methods.

For SARS-CoV-2, the results of the clinical performance evaluation using NS specimens from prospective symptomatic subjects demonstrated $9 6 . 3 \%$ PPA (105/109; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 0 . 9 \%$ - $9 8 . 6 \% )$ ) and $9 9 . 2 \%$ NPA (503/507; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 8 . 0 \% - 9 9 . 7 \% )$ as compared to the composite comparator method.

# Table 17: Clinical performance comparison – SARS-CoV-2 for prospective NS specimens

Note: The nasal swabs were comprised of healthcare provider-collected nasal swab specimens and nasal swab specimens self-collected on-site with healthcare provider instructions.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Composite Comparator MethodSARS-CoV-2 Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B oncobas Liat® SystemNasal Swab (NS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503</td></tr></table>

PPA $9 6 . 3 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 90.9% - 98.6%) NPA $9 9 . 2 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 98.0% - 99.7%)

As shown in Table 18 for prospective symptomatic subjects, all $2 0 \mathrm { N S }$ specimens tested positive for influenza A with both the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test on cobas® Liat System and the comparator assay. A total of 595 NS specimens tested negative for influenza A with both the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B test and the comparator assay; one influenza Anegative specimens tested positive for influenza A with the cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ test.

For influenza A, the results of the clinical performance evaluation using NS specimens from prospective symptomatic subjects demonstrated $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ PPA (20/20; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $8 3 . 9 \%$ - $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ ) and $9 9 . 8 \%$ NPA (595/596; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 9 . 1 \% - \ 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

# Table 18: Clinical performance comparison – Influenza A for prospective NS specimens

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator MethodInfluenza A Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B oncobas® Liat® SystemNasal Swab (NS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>595</td></tr></table>

PPA $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $8 3 . 9 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ NPA $9 9 . 8 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 99.1% - 100.0%)

Note: The nasal swabs were comprised of healthcare provider-collected nasal swab specimens and nasal swab specimens self-collected on-site with healthcare provider instructions.

As shown in Table 19 for retrospective NS specimens, the results of the clinical performance evaluation for influenza A demonstrated $9 7 . 2 \%$ PPA (35/36; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $8 5 . 8 \% - 9 9 . 5 \% )$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ NPA (150/150; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 7 . 5 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

# Table 19: Clinical performance comparison – Influenza A for retrospective NS specimens

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator MethodInfluenza A Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B oncobas® Liat® SystemNasal Swab (NS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr></table>

PPA $9 7 . 2 \%$ ( $9 5 \%$ CI: 85.8% - 99.5%) NPA $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 7 . 5 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \%$ )

As shown in Table 20 for retrospective NS specimens, the results of the clinical performance evaluation for influenza B demonstrated $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ PPA (32/32; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $8 9 . 3 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ NPA (154/154; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 7 . 6 \% - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

For prospective symptomatic subjects, PPA was not calculable because no fresh specimens were influenza B-positive by the comparator method. For influenza B, the results of the clinical performance evaluation using NS specimens from prospective symptomatic subjects demonstrated $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ NPA (616/616; $9 5 \%$ score CI: $9 9 . 4 \% - \ 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ as compared to the comparator method.

Table 20: Clinical performance comparison – Influenza B for retrospective NS specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comparator MethodInfluenza B Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas® SARS-CoV-2 &amp; Influenza A/B oncobas® Liat SystemNasal Swab (NS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td></tr></table>

# 5.1.1. Expected Values

For the prospective clinical performance evaluation of cobas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B, paired NPS and NS specimens from 640 evaluable subjects, including 616 evaluable results, were freshly collected and tested at 10 point-of-care clinical sites in the United States during February–June 2022. Expected value (as determined by cobas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B) summaries for prospective specimens, stratified by specimen collection/testing site are presented for SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A targets in Table 21 and Table 22, respectively. No prospective fresh specimens tested in this performance evaluation were influenza B positive by either cobas $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ or comparator test methods.

Table 21 Expected value summary by clinical site for prospective clinical evaluation for SARS-CoV-2 (as determined by cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ClinicalSiteID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site location</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPS Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NS Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Positivefor SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Positivefor SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuquerque,NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vienna, VA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Northridge, CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Savannah, GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>North Miami,FL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indianapolis,IN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Las Vegas, NV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evanston, IL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Seneca, SC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rochester, NY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td></tr></table>

Table 22 Expected value summary by clinical site for prospective clinical evaluation for influenza A (as determined by cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza A/B)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ClinicalSite ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site location</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPS Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NS Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Positivefor Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. Positivefor Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuquerque,NM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vienna, VA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Northridge, CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Savannah, GA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>North Miami,FL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indianapolis,IN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Las Vegas, NV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evanston, IL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Seneca, SC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rochester, NY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7%</td></tr></table>

# 5.2. Reproducibility

Reproducibility study assesses the total variability of the assay in detecting SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B across operators, study sites, testing days, Analyzers, and assay tube lots. The reproducibility was evaluated at 3 study sites. Two operators at each of the 3 sites tested a 3-member reproducibility panel in triplicate on 5 different days, for a total of ${ \sim } 2 7 0$ runs (3 panel members $\textbf { X } 3$ replicates $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ operators x 5 days x 3 sites). Nine Analyzers and 3 assay tube lots were used. The reproducibility panel comprises a low positive and a moderate positive for each of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B, in addition to a negative sample. The expected result for the true negative panel member is “Not Detected,” while the expected result for the low positive and moderate positive panel member is “Detected.” Percent agreement with expected result, mean Ct, Ct SD, and $\mathrm { C t \% C V }$ are shown in Table 23–Table 25

Table 23: SARS-CoV-2 reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Number of Valid Test Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Moderate Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (88/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9% (89/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (89/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (87/87)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6% (81/83)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Hit Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(266/266)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%(260/263)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%(267/268)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Hit Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7% - 99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9% - 99.9%</td></tr></table>

Table 24: Influenza A reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Number of Valid Test Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza ALow Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AModerate Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (89/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (89/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6% (86/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (89/89)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (87/87)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (83/83)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Hit Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement(n/N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(266/266)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5%(259/263)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(268/268)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Hit Rate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6% - 100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2% - 99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6% - 100.0%</td></tr></table>

Table 25: Influenza B reproducibility   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Number of Valid Test Runs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza BLow Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza BModerate Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">263</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ct</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (89/89)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.9% (88/89)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (90/90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (89/89)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (87/87)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (83/83)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall Hit Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement(n/N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(266/266)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%(263/263)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6%(267/268)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall Hit Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6% - 100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6% - 100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.9% - 99.9%</td></tr></table>

# 6. CONCLUSIONS

A comparison of the intended use, technological characteristics, and the results of non-clinical analytical and clinical performance studies demonstrate that cobas® SARS-CoV-2 & Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ for use on the cobas® Liat® System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.