Cepheid   
Jennifer Motto   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K230440 Trade/Device Name: Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QQX, OOI Dated: September 1, 2023 Received: September 12, 2023

Dear Jennifer Motto:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Himani Bisht -S

Himani Bisht, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality

# Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K230440

Device Name Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus

Indications for Use (Describe) The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test, performed on the GeneXpert Dx and GeneXpert Infinity Systems, is a rapid real-time RT-PCR test intended for the qualitative detection of SARS-CoV-2 RNA in nasopharyngeal and anterior nasal swab specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of COVID-19 if used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory findings. Positive results are indicative of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. Positive results do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other pathogens.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2 infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis and patient management decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5. 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 541-4191

Contact: Jennifer Motto, M.S., RAC

Date of Preparation: February 17, 2023

Device:

Trade name: Xpert® Xpress CoV-2 plus   
Common name: Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus   
Type of Test: Qualitative real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and detection test   
Regulation number: 21 CFR 866.3981   
Classification name: Multi-target respiratory specimen nucleic acid test including SARS-CoV-2 and other microbial agents, Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid SARS-CoV-2 Test,

Primary product code:

Secondary product code

OOI

Classification Advisory Panel

Microbiology (83)

Prescription Use Yes

Predicate Device Assay:

BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 (K211079)

# 5.1. Device Description

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test is a rapid, automated in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative detection of viral RNA from SARS-CoV-2 in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and anterior nasal swab (NS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems (GeneXpert Dx, GeneXpert Infinity-48s and GeneXpert Infinity-80 systems), which consist of an instrument, computer and preloaded software for running tests and viewing the results. The GeneXpert Instrument Systems automate and integrate sample preparation, nucleic acid extraction and amplification, and detection of the target sequences in simple or complex samples using real-time reverse transcription (RT)-polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and PCR assays. Depending on the instrument, the GeneXpert Instrument Systems can have from 1 and up to 80 randomly accessible modules, each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time RT-PCR and PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE® thermocycler for performing real-time RT-PCR and PCR as well as detection. The systems require the use of single-use disposable cartridges that hold the RT-PCR reagents and host sample purification, nucleic acid amplification, and detection of the target sequences. Because the cartridges are selfcontained, cross-contamination between cartridges during the testing process is minimized.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test includes reagents for the detection of viral RNA from SARS-CoV-2 in NPS and NS specimens. The primers and probes in the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test are designed to amplify and detect sequences in the genes that encode the following SARS-CoV-2 proteins: nucleocapsid (N2), envelope (E), and RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRP). A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included in the cartridge utilized by the GeneXpert instrument. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the sample and to monitor for the presence of potential inhibitor(s) in the RT-PCR reaction. The SPC also ensures that the RT-PCR reaction conditions (temperature and time) are appropriate for the amplification reaction and that the RT-PCR reagents are functional. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling, and confirms that all reaction components are present in the cartridge including monitoring for probe integrity and dye stability.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test is designed for use with NPS or NS specimen collected with nylon flocked swabs and placed into a viral transport medium (VTM), Universal Transport Medium (UTM) or $\mathrm { e N A T } ^ { \textregistered }$ . Examples of the ancillary specimen collection kits that are compatible for use with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test include:

# • Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses

o Copan UTM® 3C057N (Flexible Minitip Flocked Swab with $\mathrm { U T M } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Medium w/o Beads)   
o Becton Dickinson Universal Viral Transport Kit P/N 220531 (Flexible Minitip Flocked Swab with UVT Medium)   
o Copan eNAT® Molecular Collection and Preservation Medium P/N 6U074S01 (Flexible Minitip Flocked Swab with eNAT® Medium)

# • Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses

o Copan UTM® 3C064N (Regular Flocked Swab with $\mathrm { U T M ^ { \scriptscriptstyle ( \mathrm { ‰} ) } }$ Medium w/o Beads) O Copan eNAT® Molecular Collection and Preservation Medium P/N 6U073S01 (Regular Flocked Swab with eNAT® Medium)

• Alternatively, swabs and transport media can be obtained separately:

o Nylon flocked swab (Copan P/N 502CS01, 503CS01) o Viral transport medium, $3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ (Copan P/N 3C047N, BD Universal Transport Medium, Remel M4RT, Remel M5) or equivalent

These sample collection kits for viruses allow NPS and NS specimens from patients to be collected, preserved and transported to laboratory prior to analysis with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test.

# 5.2. Device Intended Use

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test, performed on the GeneXpert Dx and GeneXpert Infinity Systems, is a rapid real-time RT-PCR test intended for the qualitative detection of SARSCoV-2 RNA in nasopharyngeal and anterior nasal swab specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of COVID-19 if used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiologic, and laboratory findings. Positive results are indicative of the presence of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. Positive results do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other pathogens.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2 infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis and patient management decisions.

# 5.3. Substantial Equivalence

Table 5-1 shows the similarities and differences between Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus and the predicate device, BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 [K211079].

Table 5-1. Comparison of Similarities and Differences Between Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device - K211079</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® Xpress CoV-2 plus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire Defense, LLCBioFire COVID-19 Test 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3981Devices to detect and identify nucleic acidtargets in respiratory samples frommicrobial agents that cause the SARS-CoV-2 respiratory infection and othermicrobial agents when in a multi-analytetest</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QQXRespiratory Specimen Nucleic AcidSARS-CoV-2 Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II (Special Controls)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time reverse transcription polymerasechain reaction (RT-qPCR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nested multiplex RT-PCR followed byhigh resolution melting analysis to confirmidentity of amplified product</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test,performed on the GeneXpert Dx andGeneXpert Infinity Systems, is a rapidreal-time RT-PCR test intended for thequalitative detection of SARS-CoV-2RNA in nasopharyngeal and anterior nasalswab specimens collected from individualswith signs and symptoms of respiratorytract infection.The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test isintended for use as an aid in the diagnosisof COVID-19 if used in conjunction withother clinical, epidemiologic, andlaboratory findings. Positive results areindicative of the presence of SARS-CoV-2RNA. Positive results do not rule outbacterial infection or co-infection withother pathogens.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2 infection. The results of this testshould not be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis and patient managementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BioFire COVID-19 Test 2 is aqualitative nested multiplexed RT-PCR invitro diagnostic test intended for use withthe BioFire FilmArray 2.0 and BioFireFilmArray Torch Systems. The BioFireCOVID-19 Test 2 detects nucleic acidsfrom severe acute respiratory syndromecoronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) innasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) fromsymptomatic individuals suspected ofCOVID-19 by their healthcare provider.Results are for the identification of SARS-CoV-2 RNA. The SARS-CoV-2 RNA isgenerally detectable in NPS specimensduring the acute phase of infection. Positiveresults are indicative of the presence ofSARS-CoV-2 RNA; clinical correlationwith patient history and other diagnosticinformation is necessary to determinepatient infection status. Positive results donot rule out co-infection with otherpathogens.Results are meant to be used in conjunctionwith other clinical, epidemiologic, andlaboratory data, in accordance with theguidelines provided by the relevant publichealth authorities. The BioFire COVID-19Test 2 is intended for use by trainedmedical and laboratory professionals in a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device  K211079</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CepheidXpert® Xpress CoV-2 plus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire Defense, LLCBioFire COVID-19 Test 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laboratory setting or under the supervisionof a trained laboratory professional.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2(E, N2, RdRP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2(Multiple Targets)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)•   Anterior nasal swab (NS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransportMedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Universal Transport Medium (UTM) /Viral Transport Medium (VTM)•  eNAT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•   Transport Medium•  Saline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Nucleic Acid Extraction,Detection and Results Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InternalControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Sample Processing Control (SPC)Probe Check Control (PCC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Sample Processing ControlPCR and Melt Analysis Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BioFire® FilmArray® 2.0 orBioFire® FilmArray® Torch Systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~30 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~ 45 minutes</td></tr></table>

The following performance data (analytical and clinical) were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# 5.4. Performance Studies

# 5.4.1. Analytical Performance

# Analytical Sensitivity/Limit of Detection (LoD) – Clinical NPS Matrix

The analytical sensitivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was first estimated by testing limiting dilutions of a NATtrol inactivated SARS-CoV-2 virus in pooled negative clinical NPS-UTM/VTM matrix, using two reagent lots and following the guidance in Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2. LoD was estimated by considering each target gene (E, N2, and RdRP) in addition to the overall positivity rate for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. The estimated LoD value as determined by Probit regression analysis was based on the weakest target gene (N2) and verified using two lots of Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus reagents in replicates of 20 per lot for two clinical NPS matrices (UTM/VTM and eNAT). The concentration levels with observed hit rates greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ in the LoD determination study were 403, 200 and 70 copies/mL for the N2 target, RdRP target and E target, respectively. The claimed LoD is 403 copies/mL (Tables 5- 2 and 5-3).

Table 5-2. Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Limit of Detection – Verification of NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 LoD in NPS-UTM/VTM Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveResults outof # ValidReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanE Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanN2 Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanRdRP Ct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NATtrolTMSARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td></tr></table>

Table 5-3. Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Limit of Detection – Verification of NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 LoD in NPS-eNAT Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positivesout of #ValidReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanE Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanN2 Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanRdRP Ct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NATtrolTMSARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td></tr></table>

a. One of 20 replicates tested reported INVALID. The run was successfully repeated to obtain 20 valid replicates.

# Analytical Sensitivity/Limit of Detection (LoD) – Clinical NS-UTM/VTM Matrix

The analytical sensitivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was first estimated by testing limiting dilutions of a NATtrol inactivated SARS-CoV-2 virus in pooled negative clinical NS-UTM/VTM matrix, using two reagent lots and following the guidance in Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2. LoD was estimated by considering each target gene (E, N2, and RdRP) in addition to the overall positivity rate for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. The LoD point estimates and $9 5 \%$ upper and lower confidence intervals (CI) for individual SARS-CoV-2 targets (E, N2 and RdRP) in clinical

NS-UTM/VTM matrix were determined using Probit regression analysis and the point estimated LoD values were 97, 462 and 157 copies/mL for the E target, N2 target and RdRP target, respectively. The estimated LoD value of the weakest target gene (N2) was verified using two lots of Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus reagents in replicates of 20 per lot for clinical NSUTM/VTM matrix. The claimed LoD is 462 copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ (Table 5-4).

Table 5-4. Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Limit of Detection – Verification of NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 LoD in NS-UTM/VTM Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD(copies/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveResults outof # ofValidReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanE Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanN2 Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanRdRP Ct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NATtrolTMSARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>462</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.1</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection) – WHO First International Standard SARSCoV-2 RNA in clinical NS-UTM/VTM Matrix

The analytical sensitivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was estimated by testing limiting dilutions of WHO First International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA in pooled negative clinical NS-UTM/VTM matrix, using one reagent lot. The study was performed in a random and blinded fashion.

The lowest concentration level of the First WHO International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA that generated $2 9 5 \%$ positive results (19/20 positive results) for the weakest target gene (N2) by the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was used to confirm be the analytical sensitivity or Limit of Detection (LoD). The verified LoD for the First WHO International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA tested in NS-UTM/VTM matrix with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was $1 0 0 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / m L }$ . The positivity rates for the overall SARS-CoV-2 results and the analyte targets, including the mean Ct values for E, N2 and RdRP at the verified LoD are presented in Table 5-5.

Table 5-5. LoD Concentration, Positivity Rate and Mean Ct Values for SARS-CoV-2 for the First WHO International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA in Clinical NS-UTM/VTM Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LoDConcentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2PositiveResults / TestReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>E Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N2 Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RdRP Target</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results/ TestReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results/ TestReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results/ TestReplicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanCt</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st WHOInternationalStandard forSARS-CoV-2RNA Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Inclusivity (Reactivity)

# SARS-CoV-2 in silico Analyses

The inclusivity of Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus primers was evaluated on June $3 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2022 using in silico analysis of the assay amplicons in relation to 11,650,640 SARS-CoV-2 sequences available in the GISAID gene database for three targets, E, N2 and RdRP. The 11,650,640 SARS-CoV-2 sequences were separated into the lineages of interest based on the Pango Lineage assigned to each genome by GISAID, and those with ambiguous nucleotides were removed. Thus, the following inclusivity analyses focuses on the combined, non-ambiguous sequences from the variants of interest and variants of concern as of June $3 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2022. These constituted 10,469,612 sequences for the E target, 10,587,381 sequences for the N2 target and 10,333,656 sequences for the RdRP target. Table 5-6 summarizes the effective predicted inclusivity for E, N2 and RdRP amplicons for the variants of interests and concern.

Table 5-6. Predicted Inclusivity for E, N2 and RdRP Amplicons for SARS-CoV-2 Variants of Interests and Concern   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Target Amplicon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exact Match</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Mismatch a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 or MoreMismatches</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredictedInclusivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,420,248 of 10,469,612 total(99.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48,562(0.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>802(0.01%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,386,068 of 10,587,381 total(98.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196,336(1.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,977(0.05%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RdRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,247,146 of 10,333,656 total(99.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85,373(0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,137(0.01%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

a. Single-nucleotide mismatches are predicted to not impact the performance of the test.

The in silico inclusivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus probe oligonucleotides for E, N2 and RdRP were also assessed against the top 20 most frequent matches in the GISAID EpiCoV sequence database as of June 15th, 2022, which constituted 10,310, 839 for the E target, 10,428,014 for the N2 target and 10,178,602 for the RdRP target. For each of the probe oligonucleotides used in the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test, Table 5-7 summarizes the number sequences as well as the corresponding percentage of sequences from this dataset with exact match, 1 mismatch/insertion, and 2 or more mismatches/insertions in the alignment.

Table 5-7. Predicted Inclusivity for E, N2 and RdRP Probes for SARS-CoV-2 Variants of Interests and Concern   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Target Probe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exact Match</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Mismatch/Insertion a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 or MoreMismatches/Insertions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredictedInclusivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,300,688 of 10,310,839 total(99.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,853(0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22(0.0002%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,351,581 of 10,428,014 total(99.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72,957(0.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RdRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,140,254 of 10,178602 total(99.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37,492(0.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6%</td></tr></table>

a. Single-nucleotide mismatches/insertions are predicted to not impact the performance of the test.

The in silico inclusivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus primer/probe sequences for E, N2 and RdRP was further assessed against SAR-CoV-2 sequences submitted to the GISAID EpiCoV database up to 180 days prior to and including July 31, 2023 for SARS-CoV-2 isolates currently circulating in the United States. There were no instances where a specific primer/probe sequence was observed with greater than $0 . 5 \%$ frequency of mismatch during this 180-day period. The analysis predicted that the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test will detect all currently circulating variants/lineages of SARS-CoV-2.

Moreover, based on the built-in redundancy of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test’s SARSCoV-2 amplification system (i.e., 3 independent targets, only 1 of 3 must be detected to assign a positive result), it is not anticipated that any of the evaluated sequences would be missed by the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test.

# SARS-CoV-2 Wet-Testing

In addition to the in silico analysis of the SARS-CoV-2 primers and probes for inclusivity, the inclusivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was evaluated by bench testing against multiple strains of SARS-CoV-2 at levels near the analytical LoD ( $- 3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD). A total of 61 strains comprised of 23 intact SARS-CoV-2 viral particles (18 inactivated viral cultures and 5 BSL-3 live viral cultures), and 38 SARS-CoV-2 in vitro RNA transcripts representing variant strains were tested in this study with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. Three replicates were tested for each strain. All SARS-CoV-2 strains tested positive in all three replicates. Results are shown in Table 5-8.

Table 5-8. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Test   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CountNo.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SARS-CoV-2 Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestedConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SARS-CoV-2Test Results</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number of Positive ResultsObtained out of the Total Number ofValid Replicates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RdRP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2019-nCoV/Italy-INMI1 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">England/204820464/2020 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hong Kong/VM20001061/2020 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">South Africa/KRISP-K005325/2020 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA_CDC_5574/2020 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/MD-HP01542/2021 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3e3 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/GA-EHC-2811C/2021 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3e3 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-Wadsworth-103677-01/2020 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-Wadsworth-21006055-01/2021 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-Wadsworth-21025952-01/2021 a(Isolate 1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.625 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-Wadsworth-21018781-01/2021 a(Isolate 2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.625 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-Wadsworth-21033899-01/2021 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY-Wadsworth-33126-01/2020 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA-Stanford-15_S02/2021a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/PHC658/2021a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Japan/TY7-503/2021a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP30386/2022 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.5 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/COR-22-063113/2022 a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Australia/VIC01/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Belgium/ULG/10004/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">England/205041766/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">England/MILK-9E05B3/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">England/SHEF-C05B2/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">France/HF2393/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hong Kong/HKU-211129-001/2021 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Iceland/5/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">India/CT-ILSGS00361/2021 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">India/MH-NCCS-P1162000182735/2021b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">India/MH-SEQ-221 S66 R1 001/2021 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Japan/Hu_DP_Kng_19-020/2020 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Japan/IC-0564/2021 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Portugal/PT9543/2021b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">South Africa/KRISP-EC-K005299/2020b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Taiwan/NTU02/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA9/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA-PC101P/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA-CZB-12943/2020 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/MN2-MDH2/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/NY-MSHSPSP-PV24650/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/TX1/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/WA2/2020 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/WA-CDC-UW21061750277/2021b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wuhan-Hu-1 b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Germany/BavPat1/2020c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Singapore/2/2020c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/AZ1/2020c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA1/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA2/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA3/2020 c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/CA4/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/IL1/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/New York-PV08001/2020c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 genomecopies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/New York-PV08410/2020 c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/New York-PV08449/2020c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/New York-PV09158/2020c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USA/WI1/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e3 genomeequivalents/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP38861/2022 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP38960/2022 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.043 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/CO-CDPHE-2102544747/2021 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP38288/2022 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hCoV-19/USA/MD-HP40900/2022 d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td></tr></table>

a. Inactivated viral culture fluid (intact viral particles) b. Synthetic, in vitro RNA transcript, TWIST controls c. Genomic RNA d. BSL-3 live viral culture fluid (intact viral particles) e. One of 3 replicates reported ERROR. The run was successfully repeated to obtain 3 valid replicates.

# Analytical Exclusivity (Specificity)

# In Silico Analyses

The analytical specificity/cross-reactivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus plan included evaluation of the SARS-CoV-2 test primer and probes with potentially cross-reactive microorganisms by in silico analysis. The analysis was conducted by mapping the primers and probes of Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus individually to the microorganism sequences downloaded from the NCBI database. E primers and probes are not specific for SARS-COV2 and will detect Human and Bat SARS-coronavirus. No potential unintended cross reactivity with other organisms listed in Table 5-9 is expected based on the in silico analysis.

Table 5-9. Microorganisms Analyzed in the in silico Analysis for the SARS-CoV-2 Target   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganisms from the Same GeneticFamily</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Priority Organisms</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus (e.g., C1 Ad. 71)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (e.g., EV68)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus (hMPV)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A &amp; B</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bat coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parechovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus anthracis (Anthrax)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia psittaci</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxiella burnetii (Q-Fever)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella non-pneumophila</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leptospira</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii (PJP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus sp</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td></tr></table>

# Wet-Testing

In addition to the in silico analysis of the SARS-CoV-2 primers and probes for crossreactivity, the analytical specificity of the Xpert Xpress $\mathrm { C o V - } 2 p l u s$ test was evaluated by bench-testing a panel of 62 microorganisms comprising (4) human coronaviruses, (1) MERScoronavirus, (1) SARS-coronavirus, (20) other respiratory viruses, (30) respiratory bacteria, (2) yeast strains, (3) fungal strain, and 1 human nasal wash fluid representing a diverse microbial flora in the human respiratory tract.

The intact viruses were tested at concentrations of ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ T $\mathrm { \Delta T I D 5 0 / m L }$ , $\ge 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C E I D } \varsigma _ { 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ , and ${ \geq } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copies/mL. Bacteria and yeast were tested at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . The bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { I F U / m L }$ and $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C C U / m L }$ , respectively. The live strains of Coxiella burnetii, Lactobacillus reuteri, and Neisseria meningitides were not available, therefore genomic DNA at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ genome equivalent copies/mL was used. The in vitro transcribed (IVT) RNA sample was tested at $\geq$ $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ genome equivalent/mL for human Coronavirus HKU1, and the genomic RNA sample was tested at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ genome equivalent $\mathrm { \Delta } ^ { \prime } \mathrm { m L }$ for SARS-coronavirus Urbani.

The microorganisms being evaluated for cross-reactivity were tested in groups or individually and spiked into negative simulated NPS/NS background matrix for testing. If a grouped microorganisms produced a SARS-CoV-2 positive result, then each member of the group was tested separately. If the individual non-target organism yielded a positive result, retesting was performed at lower concentrations until a concentration that no longer produce a false positive result was identified.

The results of the analytical specificity/exclusivity study demonstrate that the primer/probe sets included in the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus does not cross-react with the nucleic acids from non-intended respiratory microorganisms and phylogenetically related human coronavirus species. The one exception was the SARS-coronavirus, Urbani which yielded the expected test result of SARS-CoV-2 POSITIVE. We expected cross-reactivity for the E gene target with the SARS-coronavirus Urbani strain which has the highly conserved E gene target shared among coronaviruses in the B lineage Betacoronavirus. Results are shown in Table 5- 10.

Table 5-10. Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Test   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Respiratory Microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestGroup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FinalSARS-CoV-2Result Call-</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number of Positive ResultsObtained from Total Numberof Replicates Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RdRP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus, 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">G1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus, OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus, NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus, HKU1a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 genome cp/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-coronavirus, Urbani a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 genome cp/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1N1 (pdm2009),Michigan/272/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">G5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B (Victoria Lineage),Hawaii/01/2018 (NA D197N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV-A, Strain: 4/2015 Isolate #1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">G6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">G7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus, D68 strain US/KY/14-18953</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus (Human Herpes Virus 4[Hhv-4]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 cp/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus(hMPV-5, type B1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">G8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus, Type 1A </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5e4 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">G9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 IFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium xerosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">G10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella sppd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis (avirulent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">G11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CCU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes (= Cutibacteriumacnes) Z144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Z139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">G12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphyloccus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Respiratory Microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestGroup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FinalSARS-CoV-2Result Call-Out</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number of Positive ResultsObtained from Total Numberof Replicates Tested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RdRP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii (PJP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri, F275c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">G13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 genome cp/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e6 genome cp/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pooled human nasal wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza C (Taylor/1233/1947)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus, Type 1Ab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus flavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.67e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxiella burnetiic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5e6 genome cp/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leptospira broomii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parechovirus type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.52e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6e6 genome cp/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/3</td></tr></table>

a. Microorganism in the form of genomic RNA were tested in Tris-EDTA $^ +$ $\mathrm { ( [ N H _ { 4 } ] _ { 2 } S O _ { 4 } ) }$ buffer using an assay definition file (AD without sample preparation. b. Rhinovirus, Type 1A was initially tested at $4 . 5 \ : { \mathrm { e 4 } } \ : \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ in test group G8 using virus lot 325725. It was re-tested individually (G16) at a higher concentration of 1.1e5 $\mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ using virus lot 326527. c. Microorganisms in the form of genomic DNA were tested in simulated NPS/NS background matrix using the ADF with full sample preparation. d. Legionella pneumophila was tested in this study.

# Microbial Interference

A microbial interference study was performed to assess the inhibitory effects of commensal microorganisms potentially encountered in upper respiratory tract specimens on the performance of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. A panel of 18 commensal microorganisms, consisting of 15 viral strains and 3 bacterial strains was tested. Contrived samples consisted of SARS-CoV-2 virus seeded at $1 . 1 5 \mathrm { x } - 3 \mathrm { x }$ LoD into simulated nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)/ anterior nasal swab (NS) matrix in the presence of fifteen (15) commensal virus strains and three (3) commensal bacterial strains (Haemophilus influenzae, Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis) spiked at their respective concentrations listed in Table 5-11.

Replicates of 8 positive samples were tested with SARS-CoV-2 virus and each potential microbial interference strain combination. All 8 of 8 positive replicate samples were correctly identified as SARS-CoV-2 POSITIVE using the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. No interference by the listed above commensal viral or bacterial strains was reported at the concentrations tested.

Table 5-11: Microbial Interference Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commensal Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of CorrectTest Results/Number Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 1C a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 2C b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8 c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 3Bb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus-OC43 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanCoronavirus-229E b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HumanCoronavirus-NL63 b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus-HKU1 b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metapneumovirus 5, Type B1 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 1 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 2 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza Type 3 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus Type 1A a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 PFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N1 b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 CEID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8 d</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus A b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x105 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x107 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr></table>

a. These commensal strains were tested with SARS-CoV-2 at a concentration of $3 \mathrm { x } \mathrm { L o D }$ . b. These commensal strains were tested with SARS-CoV-2 at a concentration of $1 . 1 5 \mathrm { x }$ LoD. c. Two of 8 replicates reported as ERROR. The runs were successfully repeated to obtain 8 valid replicates. d. One of 8 replicates reported as ERROR. The run was successfully repeated to obtain 8 valid replicates.

# Potentially Interfering Substances

Substances that could be present in the nasopharynx (or introduced during specimen collection and handling) and potentially interfere with accurate detection of SARS-CoV-2 were evaluated with direct testing on the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. Potentially interfering substances in the nasal passage and nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. Positive and negative samples were prepared in simulated nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)/ anterior nasal swab (NS) matrix. Negative samples $( \mathrm { N } = 8 )$ ) were tested in the presence of each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Positive samples $( \Nu = 8 )$ were tested per substance with SARSCoV-2 virus spiked at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD. The controls were samples with and without SARS-CoV-2 virus spiked at 3x LoD into simulated NPS/ NS matrix containing no potentially interfering substance.

The 23 potentially substances, with active ingredients, that were evaluated are listed in Table 5-12. For substances that resulted in an INVALID test result, the concentration of the substance was reduced by half and re-tested. Interfering effects were observed for fluticasone propionate and mucin type I-S.

Table 5-12. Potentially Interfering Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simulated NPS/NS Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline (0.05%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-adrenergicbronchodilator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate (5mg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 mg/mL (equivalentto 1 dose per day)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD UniversalTransport Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Universal TransportMedium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Swab M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Swab M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluMist</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluMist®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Live intranasal influenza virusvaccine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone PropionateNasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone Propionate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL, 2.5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analgesic (nonsteroidalanti-inflammatory drugs(NSAID))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oralanesthetic, and analgesic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin type II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Mucin protein(Porcine submaxillary gland,type II)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin type I-S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Mucin protein (Bovinesubmaxillary gland, type I-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mg/mL, 1.25 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin (2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human peripheralblood mononuclearcells (PBMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human peripheral bloodmononuclear cells(PBMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human peripheral bloodmononuclear cells (PBMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x103 cells/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHNY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Drops</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Snuff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobacco</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-viral drugs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luffa opperculata, Galphimiaglauca, Histaminumhydrochloricum Sulfur (0.05%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc supplement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc Gluconate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

The results for the negative and positive samples are presented in Table 5-13.

The results from the SARS-CoV-2 negative samples showed that in the presence of fluticasone propionate nasal spray at $5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ and mucin type I-S at $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ , 7 of 8 replicates correctly reported “SARS-CoV-2 NEGATIVE” test results, and 1 of 8 replicates reported “INVALID” test result for each substance. When the concentrations of fluticasone propionate nasal spray and mucin type I-S were reduced by half, 8/8 replicates provided valid test results and correctly reported “SARS-CoV-2 NEGATIVE” for each substance. No interference was observed at these lower concentrations.

The results from the SARS-CoV-2 positive samples showed that in the presence of fluticasone propionate nasal spray at $5 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ , 7 of 8 replicates correctly reported “SARSCoV-2 POSITIVE” test results and 1 of 8 replicate reported “INVALID” test result. When the concentration of the fluticasone propionate nasal spray was reduced to $2 . 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , 8/8 replicates provided valid test results and correctly reported “SARS-CoV-2 POSITIVE”. No interference was observed at this lower concentration.

able 5-13. SARS-CoV-2 Negative Samples Tested in the Presence of Potentially Interfering Substance   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number SARS-CoV-2Negative / Number of ValidReplicates Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number SARS-CoV-2Positive / Number of ValidReplicates Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 Negative(No Substance) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 Positive(No Substance) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Universal TransportMedium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Swab M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluMist®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Fluticasone Propionate NasalSpray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/8a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/8a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin (Type II)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mucin (Type I-S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/8a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Peripheral BloodMononuclear Cells (PBMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 103 cells/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHNY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Snuff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td></tr></table>

a. One of 8 replicates reported INVALID test result, indicating interference from the substance. The substance was subsequently tested with 8 replicates at half the initial concentration.

# Carryover Contamination

A study was conducted to assess whether the single-use, self-contained Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus cartridge prevents specimen and amplicon carryover by testing a negative sample immediately after testing of a very high positive sample in the same GeneXpert module. The negative sample used in this study consisted of simulated NPS/NS matrix and the positive sample consisted of high SARS-CoV-2 virus concentration (inactivated SARS-CoV-2 USAWA1/2020 at 5e4 copies/mL) spiked into negative NPS/NS matrix. The negative sample was tested in a GeneXpert module at the start of the study. Following the initial testing of the negative sample, the high positive sample was processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately followed by another negative sample. This was repeated 20 times in the same module, resulting in 20 positives and 21 negatives for the module. The study was repeated using a second GeneXpert module for a total of 40 positive and 42 negative samples. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as SARS-CoV-2 POSITIVE and all 42 negative samples were correctly reported as SARS-CoV-2 NEGATIVE with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test. No specimen or amplicon carry-over contamination was observed in this study.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was established at 3 sites (2 external and 1 internal) using a 3-member panel including one negative sample, one low positive $( \mathord { \sim } 1 . 5 \mathrm { x }$ LoD) sample and one moderate positive $\left( \sim 3 \mathbf { x } \ L \mathbf { o } \mathbf { D } \right)$ sample. The negative sample consisted of simulated NS/NPS matrix without target microorganism or target RNA. The positive samples were contrived samples in a simulated matrix using inactivated NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 (ZeptoMetrix).

Testing was conducted over 6 days, using 3 lots of Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus cartridges at 3 participating sites each with 2 operators to yield a total of 144 observations per panel member (3 Sites x 2 Operators x 3 Lots x 2 Days/Lot x 2 Runs x 2 Replicates $= 1 4 4$ observations/panel member).

The percent agreement of the qualitative results for SARS-CoV-2 detection for each panel member analyzed by each of the 6 operators and each site is shown in Table 5-14. In addition, the overall percent agreement for each sample $\%$ total agreement) and the twosided Wilson Score confidence intervals (CI) are presented in the last column.

Table 5-14. Summary of the Reproducibility Results - $\%$ Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMember</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% Total Agreementand 95% CI by PanelMember</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Op2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Op2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>95.8%(23/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%(47/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(23/23)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%47/47)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3% (142/143)[96.1% -99.9%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (144/144)[97.4% - 100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%(24/24)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%(48/48)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100% (144/144)[97.4% - 100%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(48/48)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(24/24)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(24/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4/24)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>: Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sitive: Med</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>onfiden</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr></table>

Abbreviation: Op, operator; Pos, positive; Mod, moderate; CI, confidence interval a. One sample was non-determinate on both initial and retest and was excluded from the analyses.

The evaluation of reproducibility and within-laboratory precision of the underlying $\mathrm { C t }$ values for E, N2 and RdRP obtained in the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was analyzed. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) between-sites, between-operators, between-lots, between-days, between-runs and within-run for each panel member are presented in Table 5-15.

Table 5-15. Summary of Reproducibility Results – Nested ANOVA by Coefficient of Variation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanCt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenLots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RdRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2ModPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RdRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr></table>

# Single-Site Precision

The precision of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was established at a single site using a 3- member panel including one negative sample, one low positive $\left( \sim 1 . 5 \mathrm { x } \ L \mathrm { o D } \right)$ sample and one moderate positive ( $- 3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD) sample. The negative sample consisted of simulated NS/NPS matrix without target microorganism or target RNA. The positive samples were contrived samples in a simulated NS/NPS matrix using inactivated NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 (ZeptoMetrix).

Testing was conducted over 20 days, using one lot of Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus cartridges at a single site and with 1 operator to yield a total of 80 observations per panel member (1 Site $_ { \textrm { x 1 } }$ Operator x 1 Lot $\textbf { x } 2 0$ Days x 2 Runs x 2 Replicates $= 8 0$ observations/panel member). The results from the study are summarized in Table 5-16.

Table 5-16. Summary of the Single-Site Precision Results $- \%$ Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreement and 95%CI by Panel Member</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4%-100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4%-100.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 Mod Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.4%-100.0%)</td></tr></table>

# 5.4.2. Clinical Performance

The clinical performance of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was evaluated in a multi-site, observational and method comparison study that included 32 geographically diverse sites in the United States (US). Of the 32 sites, 5 sites participated in specimen collection only, 26 sites performed Xpert testing and specimen collection, and 1 site performed Xpert testing as well as comparator and discrepant testing.

The performance of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test was evaluated using prospectively collected fresh $( 9 8 . 6 \% )$ and frozen $( 1 . 4 \% )$ clinical nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and anterior nasal swab (NS) specimens in viral transport medium or universal transport medium. These specimens were collected in 2022 from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection and tested using Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus side by side with a U.S. FDAcleared molecular respiratory panel that includes SARS-CoV-2, in a randomized and blinded fashion. A total of 4047 specimens (2029 NPS and 2018 NS) were evaluated from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. Of these, 60 specimens yielded non-determinate results (INVALID, ERROR, and NO RESULT) with Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus. Additionally, 237 specimens either yielded non-determinate result, or were not tested per comparator package insert. Therefore, 297 $( 6 0 + 2 3 7 )$ specimens were excluded, and a total of 3750 (1879 NPS and 1871 NS) specimens that yielded valid results by both Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus and the U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel were included in the clinical performance evaluation. Available demographic data collected from study participants are presented in Table 5-17.

Table 5-17. Demographic Data Summary of Participants Symptomatic of Respiratory Infection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS(N=1879)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NS(N=1871)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall(N=3750)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1107 (58.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1171 (62.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2278 (60.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>772 (41.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700 (37.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1472 (39.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group (Years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (0.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64 (3.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 (1.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389 (20.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>380 (20.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>769 (20.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1228 (65.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1167 (62.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2395 (63.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254 (13.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260 (13.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514 (13.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Race</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>American Indian or Alaska Native</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (2.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 (2.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 (2.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black or African American</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 (27.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524 (28.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1049 (28.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236 (65.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1222 (65.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2458 (65.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Hawaiian or Other PacificIslander</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black or African American, White</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(0.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (0.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 (0.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Mixed (each N≤5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(0.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Participant declined to answer, orunknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52 (2.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67 (3.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119 (3.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethnicity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hispanic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170 (9.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165 (8.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>335 (8.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Hispanic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1681 (89.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1668 (89.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3349 (89.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Participant declined to answer, orunknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (2.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1852 (98.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1845 (98.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3697 (98.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 (1.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 (1.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 (1.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratory/NPT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>996 (53.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>971 (51.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1967 (52.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>883 (47.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900 (48.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1783 (47.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaccine Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaccinated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1336 (71.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1344 (71.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2680 (71.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Vaccinated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523 (27.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508 (27.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031 (27.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 (1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 (1.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 (1.0%)</td></tr></table>

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) were determined by comparing the results of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test relative to the results of a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel for the SARS-CoV-2 target. Based on the specimens that yielded non-determinate results (INVALID, ERROR, and NO RESULT) with Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus, the non-determinate rate was $1 . 6 \%$ (32/2029) with NPS and $1 . 4 \%$ (28/2018) with NS specimens.

A total of 3750 (1879 NPS and 1871 NS) specimens that yielded valid results by both Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus and the U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel were included in the clinical performance evaluation for SARS-CoV-2. The Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus demonstrated an overall PPA and NPA of $9 8 . 1 \%$ and $9 8 . 3 \%$ for SARS-CoV-2, respectively (Table 5-18).

Table 5-18. Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus Performance Results in Symptomatic Individuals   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Comparator Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>NS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Xpert XpressCoV- plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>574</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>629</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1562</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>585</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1587</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1871</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.1%(95% CI: 96.7% - 98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97.0%(95% CI: 94.4% - 98.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99.3%(95% CI: 97.5% - 99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.3%(95% CI: 97.7% - 98.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.2%(95% CI: 97.4% - 98.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98.3%(95% CI: 97.5% - 98.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Agreement; CI: 95% two-sided Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11> u aU.SDAEUASARS-CoV-SARS-CoV-ARS-CoV-1/9 invalid.iepat reult base n U.S.FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 leuar :8/28 SARS-CoV-2 pive; 19/28 SARS-CoV-2negative; 1/28 invalid.Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 molecular test: 2/2 SARS-CoV-2 negative.Di  resu base n U.S.FDA EUA SARS-CoV-molecr est: 8/27 SARS-CoV-2 posiive; 18/27 SARS-CoV-2negative; 1/27 invalid.</td></tr></table>

# 5.5. Conclusions

The results of the non-clinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Xpress CoV-2 plus test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.