December 21, 2023

Hangzhou Genesis Biodetection & Biocontrol Co., Ltd. Guan Emma, Int'l RA   
#139 10th Street (East)   
Hangzhou Economic And Technology Development Zone Hangzhou, 310018, China

Re: K231027 Trade/Device Name: KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport Culture Medium Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JSM Dated: April 11, 2023 Received: April 11, 2023

Dear Guan Emma:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Natasha Griffin -S

O.B.O. Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological   
Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K231027

Device Name KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans

Indications for Use (Describe)

The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is intended for the collection and transportation of clinical specimens containing viruses, chlamydiae, mycoplasmas and ureaplasmas from the collection site to the test site. The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is a culture-based medium that has been validated with multiple sample types and can be used to process clinical specimens using standard laboratory operating procedures for culture of clinical specimens or with other assays that utilize stable recoverable infectious viral particles or bacteria.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Dec.18, 2023

The following information is provided in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 for the Premarket 510(k) Summary:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitted by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hangzhou Genesis Biodetection &amp; Biocontrol Co., Ltd.#139, 10th Street (East), Hangzhou Economic and TechnologyDevelopment Zone, Hangzhou Zhejiang, CN 310018Tel : +86-571-87818163</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Emma GuanInt&#x27;I RAHangzhou Genesis Biodetection &amp; Biocontrol Co., Ltd.#139, 10th Street (East), Hangzhou Economic and TechnologyDevelopment Zone, Hangzhou Zhejiang, CN 310018Telephone: +86 571-86736901-892Email: yguan@hgb.com.cn</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport culture medium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Review Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.2390</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JSM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K042970</td></tr></table>

# 1. Device Description

The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is room temperature stable and can sustain the viability of virus, chlamydiae, mycoplasma and ureaplasma when transported at $2 . 8 \%$ or $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The product can maintain proper pH environment and inhibit the growth of indigenous microbiota.

KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans consists of modified Hank's balanced salt solution supplemented with bovine serum albumin, cysteine, glutamic acid, sucrose and HEPES. The HEPES buffer protects against pH changes. Phenol red is used as a pH indicator. Sucrose aids in the preservation of organism viability. To minimize the contamination of commensal organisms, Vancomycin, Econazole Nitrate, and Polymyxin B are incorporated into the medium formula.

# 2. Intended Use and Indication for Use

The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is intended for the collection and transportation of clinical specimens containing viruses, chlamydiae, mycoplasmas and ureaplasmas from the collection site to the test site. The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is a culture-based medium that has been validated with multiple sample types and can be used to process clinical specimens using standard laboratory operating procedures for culture of clinical specimens or with other assays that utilize stable recoverable infectious viral particles or bacteria.

# 3. Device Specification

KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is supplied as one plastic flat-bottom vial along with a screw cap for safely containing and transporting biological specimens. The vial is filled with either 1 mL or 3 mL of transport medium and glass beads, or in a kit format together with collection swabs.

The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is offered with one of the following configurations：

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cat. No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 3 mL-3 mL viral transport medium/vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 3 mL with minitip swab-3 mL viral transport medium/vial, with a minitip swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 3 mL with regular swab-3 mL viral transport medium/vial, with a regular swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 3 mL with regular swab and minitip swab-3 mL viral transport medium/vial, with a regular swab and a minitip swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 1 mL-1 mL viral transport medium/vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 1 mL with minitip swab-1 mL viral transport medium/vial, with a minitip swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 1 mL with regular swab-1 mL viral transport medium/vial, with a regular swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M221012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans 1 mL with regular swab and minitip swab-1 mL viral transport medium/vial, with a regular swab and a minitip swab</td></tr></table>

# Media Formulation:

• Hank’s Balanced Salts   
HEPES Buffer   
• BSA   
• L-Cysteine L-Glutamic Acid

• Sucrose • Vancomycin • Econazole Nitrate • Polymyxin B • Phenol Red

# 4. Substantial Equivalence

The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is compared with the predicate device, K042970, in intended use, medium formulation, product configuration, shelf life, packaging and volume, etc. The safety and effectiveness of the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans is adequately supported by the substantial equivalence information, materials data, and testing results provided within this Premarket Notification. Below is a summary of comparison table between KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans and predicate device K042970:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device: K231027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: K042970</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KaiBiLi ExtendedViralTrans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan UniversalTransport Medium (UTM-RT) System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicSimilarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/IndicationsFor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The KaiBiLi ExtendedViralTrans is intended forthe collection andtransportation of clinicalspecimens containingviruses, chlamydiae,mycoplasmas andureaplasmas from thecollection site to the testsite. The KaiBiLiExtended ViralTrans is aculture-based mediumthat has been validatedwith multiple sampletypes and can be used toprocess clinicalspecimens usingstandard laboratoryoperating procedures forculture of clinicalspecimens or with otherassays that utilize stablerecoverable infectiousviral particles or bacteria.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan UniversalTransport Medium (UTM-RT) System is intendedfor the collection andtransport of clinicalspecimens containingviruses, chlamydiae,mycoplasma orureaplasma from thecollection site to thetesting laboratory. UTM-RT can be processedusing standard clinicallaboratory operatingprocedures for viral,chlamydial, mycoplasmaand ureaplasma culture.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C and 20-25°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium tubes; kit withmedium tubes and swaboptions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single use device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube; plastic; self-standing with a screwcap; with glass beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.3 +/-0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Media Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hank's Balanced SaltsHEPES BufferBSAL-CysteineL-Glutamic AcidSucroseVancomycinEconazole NitratePolymyxin BPhenol Red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hank's Balanced SaltsBovine Serum AlbuminL-CysteineGelatinSucroseL-Glutamic AcidHEPES BufferVancomycinAmphotericin BColistinPhenol Red</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supported Strains</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AdenovirusCytomegalovirusHerpes Simplex VirusType 1Herpes Simplex VirusType 2Influenza AParainfluenza 3Respiratory SyncytialVirusVaricella Zoster VirusMycoplasmapneumoniaeChlamydia pneumoniaeUreaplasma urealyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AdenovirusCytomegalovirusEchovirus Type 30Herpes Simplex VirusType 1Herpes Simplex VirusType 2Influenza AParainfluenza 3Respiratory SyncytialVirusVaricella Zoster VirusChlamydia pneumoniaeChlamydia trachomatisMycoplasma hominisMycoplasmapneumoniaeUreaplasma urealyticum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medium volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mL or 3 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mL or 6 mL</td></tr></table>

As shown with the comparison above, KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans and the predicate’s specification, safety and performance are comparable.

# 5. Shelf Life

The shelf life for the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans was determined to be 12 months from the date of manufacture when stored at temperature $2 . 8 \%$ and $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The shelf life of the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans was established using real-time aging performance test at time points ${ \sf T } = 0$ , 6, 9, 11, and 12 months. Three lots each of the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans media at $1 \mathsf { m L }$ and $3 \mathsf { m L }$ configurations (a total of 6 lots) were evaluated. At each time point, appearance, volume, pH, and bacteriostatic performance were assessed.

(1) Appearance and volume

To evaluate appearance, stability of the different lots of KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans were physically or visually examined. The appearance of the product was observed to be a clear, pink, transparent liquid media with no turbidity or sedimentation. Volume range of $2 . 7 { - } 3 . 3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ for the $3 \mathsf { m L }$ media configuration or 0.9-1.1 mL for the 1 mL media configuration were observed. All lots tested at each time point passed the criteria for appearance and net volume.

(2) pH Stability The pH of the media was used as one of the indicators to support product stability. For all the tubes at each time point and with each lot, the pH was within the targeted pH range of $7 . 3 \pm 0 . 2$ after 12 months of storage.

(3) Bacteriostatic performance KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans contains Vancomycin, Econazole Nitrate and Polymyxin B to inhibit growth of bacteria or yeast. At each time point, the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans were inoculated with the following microorganisms: E. Coli $\ : ( 1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ ${ \mathsf { C F U / m L } }$ ), Staphylococcus aureus ( $1 . 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL), Streptococcus pyogenus $( 1 . 0 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ , and Candida albicans $( 1 . 0 { \times } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathsf { C F U / m L } )$ . The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans had no microorganism growth after 48 hours growth at $3 7 \%$ . All lots tested at each time point passed the criteria for bacteriostasis.

# 6. Performance Testing – Recovery Studies

Performance of the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans media was evaluated using culture-based recovery studies for viruses and bacteria at different incubation times and temperatures.

For Recovery Studies, virus titer $( \mathsf { T C l D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } )$ was quantified to evaluate the recovery of the following viruses in the corresponding matrices listed in Table 1 below: Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1 (ATCC VR-733; HSV-1), Herpes Simplex Virus Type 2 (ATCC VR-734; HSV2), Respiratory Syncytial Virus (ATCC VR-26; RSV), Cytomegalovirus (ATCC VR-977), Adenovirus (ATCC VR-3), Parainfluenza 3 (ATCC VR-93), Influenza A (ATCC VR-822; Flu A), and Varicella Zoster Virus (ATCC VR-1832; VZV). Recovery of Chlamydophila pneumoniae (ATCC VR-2282) was evaluated using Fluorescent Foci Count method (IFU/mL). Recovery of Mycoplasma pneumoniae (ATCC 15531) and Ureaplasma urealyticum (ATCC 27618) was evaluated using the Swab Elution and Roll Plate methods (CFU/mL). Performance evaluation was carried out in three lots of media that represent newly manufactured, middle-aged, and recently expired media. Negative clinical matrix pools were contrived from a minimum of five donors. Matrix pools were determined to be negative prior to use in the specimen stability recovery studies.

Table 1: Negative clinical matrix used for organism validation.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Clinicalspecimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbial Testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Skin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varicella Zoster Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genital specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus Type 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharynx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharynx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharynx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharynx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ureaplasma urealyticum</td></tr></table>

Viral stocks were diluted into two different dilutions into the corresponding pooled negative clinical matrix and 100 µL of each dilution was transferred onto a dry sterile swab and placed into the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans media tubes in triplicate and stored at $2 . 8 \%$ and 20- $\boldsymbol { 2 5 \circ }$ for 0, 24, and 48 hours. At each incubation time point, the sample was vortexed and a $2 0 0 \mu \iota$ aliquot was removed for the recovery study. The recovery study was conducted using suitable host cells and tissue culture media. For tissue culture, host cells were plated in a microwell plate and allowed to adhere for 48-72 hours prior to recovery testing. Hep-2 cells were used for HSV-1, RSV, and C. pneumoniae; Vero cells were used for HSV-2; MRC-5 cells were used for Cytomegalovirus and VZV; A549 cells were used for Adenovirus; LLC-MK2 cells were used for Parainfluenza 3; MDCK cells were used for Flu A.

Bacterial stocks were diluted into four different dilutions into the corresponding pooled negative clinical matrix and 100 µL of each dilution was transferred onto a dry sterile swab and placed into the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans media tubes in duplicate and stored at 2- $8 \%$ and $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 0, 24, and 48 hours. For the swab elution method, at each incubation time point, each sample was vortexed, serially diluted and a 100µL aliquot was removed for the recovery study. The recovery study was conducted using Mycoplasma pneumoniae culture medium for M. pneumoniae and Ureaplasma urealyticum culture medium for U. urealyticum. For the roll-plate method, a single dilution was tested in triplicate by streaking the swab from the various KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans media tube incubation time point over the agar media specified above and incubating for CFU enumeration.

Viral titer for the viruses and foci counts for C. pneumoniae were evaluated, and CFU was enumerated for M. pneumoniae and U. urealyticum. The average recovery was calculated as mean viral titer $( \mathsf { T C l D 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L } )$ , mean foci count $( | \mathsf { F U / m L } )$ , or mean CFU/mL, respectively, for each storage temperature and time points. The changes (any increase or decrease) in the recovery between time points (each time point compared to time point 0) were presented in percent values or log10 change (negative for decrease and positive for increase). Any change that was within one log difference $( + / - 9 0 \% )$ was considered acceptable. Results were combined for all the lots, irrespective of age, as all changes were acceptable. The results are presented in Tables 2 and 3 below.

Table 2: Recovery of viruses and bacteria at $\pmb { 2 . 8 \circ }$ storage   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.84x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-38%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.31x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.54x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.37x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-46%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-45%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.32x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-44%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.76x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-45%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.53x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-36%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.83x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.71x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-19%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-35%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.37x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-41%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery(IFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.12x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-39%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery using swab elution method(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Log10 observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.36x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U. urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.74x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.81x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.19x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery using roll plate method(CFU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Log10 observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.97x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U. urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.80x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.48</td></tr></table>

1Cytomegalovirus recovery in blood; $^ 2 { \mathsf { C } }$ ytomegalovirus recovery in urine

Table 3: Recovery of viruses and bacteria at $2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ storage   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-41%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.31x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.49x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-48%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.76x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-48%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.89x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.71x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.22x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-45%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.73x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-48%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.89x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-41%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-35%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.39x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-38%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VZV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.86x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-17%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-45%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery(IFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Percent observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.69x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09x105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-39%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery using swab elution method(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Log10 observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.36x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.92x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.40x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U. urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.74x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.60x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04x104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Average recovery using roll plate method(CFU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Log10 observed changes(-ve indicate reduction)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-24 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-48 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M. pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U. urealyticum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74x102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.40x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.50</td></tr></table>

1Cytomegalovirus recovery in blood; 2Cytomegalovirus recovery in urine

# 7. Conclusion

The KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans media demonstrated the recovery of tested viruses (HSV1, HSV-2, RSV, Cytomegalovirus, Adenovirus, Parainfluenza, Flu A, and VZV) and bacteria (C. pneumoniae, M. pneumoniae, and U. urealyticum) at an acceptable rate when stored at $2 . 8 \%$ and $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ up to 48 hours.

Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, safety and performance testing, the subject device, the KaiBiLi Extended ViralTrans, meets the requirements that are considered essential for its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) System ， K042970.