July 27, 2023

Streck   
Megan Hiveley   
Regulatory Affairs Coordinator   
7002 S. 109th Street   
La Vista, Nebraska 68128

Re: K231221 Trade/Device Name: MDx-Chex for BC-GP Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3920 Regulation Name: Assayed Quality Control Material For Clinical Microbiology Assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PMN Dated: April 26, 2023 Received: April 28, 2023

Dear Megan Hiveley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Bryan M. Digitally signed by Grabias -S Date: 2023.07.27 11:10:57 -04'00'

Noel J. Gerald, Ph. D.   
Branch Chief   
Bacterial Respiratory and Medical Countermeasures Branch Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name MDx-Chex™ for BC-GP

Indications for Use (Describe)

MDx-Chex™ for BC-GP is intended for use as an external positive and negative assayed control to monitor the performance of the qualitative detection of Gram-positive bacteria and associated antimicrobial resistance genes, by the Luminex VERIGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Gram-Positive Blood Culture Nucleic Acid Test (BC-GP) on Luminex VERIGENE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ systems. The MDx-Chex™ for BC-GP Positive and Negative Controls are composed of a buffered solution with stabilized erythrocytes and leukocytes in a matrix of blood culture media components. Positive Control: Gram-positive bacteria: Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Streptococcus anginosus group; Species: Staphylococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., Listeria spp.; antimicrobial resistance genes: mecA, vanA and vanB. Negative Control: buffered solution only. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided with the device.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 S. 109th Street La Vista, NE 68128

Official Correspondent: Address:

Megan Hiveley 7002 S. 109th Street La Vista, NE 68128

Phone:   
Fax:   
Email:   
Date Prepared:

402-537-5208 402-537-5317 MHiveley@streck.com July 24, 2023

Names Trade Name: Common Name:

MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP   
Quality Control Material for Microbiology   
Assays

Device Type:

Assayed external control material for microbiology nucleic acid amplification (NAT) assays

# Product Code: Panel:

PMN (21 CFR 866.3920) Microbiology

Predicate Device:

K212576 - MDx-ChexTM for BCID2

Device Description

MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP is a quality control kit consisting of positive and negative controls for the Luminex VERIGENE Gram-Positive Blood Culture Test (BC-GP). The MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control is positive for pathogens and resistance mechanisms in the VERIGENE BC-GP test (See Table 1). The MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control is negative for pathogens and resistance mechanisms in the VERIGENE BC-GP test. Each control mix also contains controls for blood and blood culture media components that have been identified is inhibitors to DNA hybridization assays, namely hemoglobin, leukocyte DNA, and anticoagulants.

Table 1 – Pathogens and antimicrobial resistance genes detected by MDx-ChexTM for BCGP Control Kit.   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Gram-positive bacteria and resistance genes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen/Resistance gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus lugdunensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus group</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mecA (methicillin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanA (vancomycin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">vanB (vancomycin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected</td></tr></table>

The MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP quality control kit contains stabilized blood components, blood culture media components, and inactivated, intact microorganisms resulting in a full-process, cellular-based control for the Luminex VERIGENE BC-GP panel. Use of full-process cellular controls are necessary to evaluate the entire analytical process, including sample lysis, nucleic acid isolation, DNA hybridization detection, and analysis, as well as the impact of inhibitors present in blood culture samples and preanalytical variables. Routine use of full process quality controls can help identify variations in the test system that can lead to incorrect results.

# Intended Use

MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP is intended for use as an external positive and negative assayed control to monitor the performance of the qualitative detection of Gram-positive bacteria and associated antimicrobial resistance genes, by the Luminex VERIGENE® Gram-Positive Blood Culture Nucleic Acid Test (BC-GP) on Luminex VERIGENE® systems. The MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive and Negative Controls are composed of a buffered solution with stabilized erythrocytes and leukocytes in a matrix of blood culture media components. Positive Control: Gram-positive bacteria: Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Streptococcus anginosus group; Species: Staphylococcus spp., Streptococcus spp., Listeria spp.; antimicrobial resistance genes: mecA, vanA, vanB. Negative Control: buffered solution only. This product is not intended to replace manufacturer controls provided with the device.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K231221</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K212576</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDx-Chex™M for BC-GP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDx-Chex™M for BCID2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicSimilarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indication For Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDx-Chex™M for BC-GP isintended for use as an externalpositive and negative assayedcontrol to monitor theperformance of the qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDx-Chex™M for BCID2 is intendedfor use as an external positive andnegative assayed control to monitorthe performance of the qualitativedetection of yeast, Gram-positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bacteria and associatedantimicrobial resistance genes, bythe Luminex VERIGENE® Gram-Positive Blood Culture NucleicAcid Test (BC-GP) on LuminexVERIGENE® systems. The MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive andNegative Controls are composedof a buffered solution withstabilized erythrocytes andleukocytes in a matrix of bloodculture media components.Positive Control: Gram-positivebacteria: Staphylococcus aureus,Staphylococcus epidermidis,Staphylococcus lugdunensis,Streptococcus agalactiae,Streptococcus pneumoniae,Streptococcus pyogenes,Enterococcus faecalis,Enterococcus faecium,Streptococcus anginosus group;Species: Staphylococcus spp.,Streptococcus spp., Listeria spp.;antimicrobial resistance genes:mecA, vanA, vanB. NegativeControl: buffered solution only.This product is not intended toreplace manufacturer controlsprovided with the device.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">well as associated antimicrobialresistance genes, by the BIOFIRE®Blood Culture Identification 2(BCID2) Panel on BIOFIREFilmArray® systems. Control 1-GN:Gram-negative bacteria:Acinetobacter calcoaceticus-baumannii complex, Bacteroidesfragilis, Enterobacter cloacaecomplex, Escherichia coli,Klebsiella aerogenes, Klebsiellaoxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniaegroup, Proteus spp., Salmonellaspp., Serratia marcescens,Haemophilus influenzae, Neisseriameningitidis, Pseudomonasaeruginosa, Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia; antimicrobial resistancegenes: KPC, CTX-M, IMP, NDM,OXA-48-like, VIM, mcr-1. Control 2-GPY: Gram-positive bacteria:Enterococcus faecalis,Enterococcus faecium, Listeriamonocytogenes, Staphylococcusaureus, Staphylococcusepidermidis, Staphylococcuslugdunensis, Streptococcusagalactiae, Streptococcuspneumoniae, Streptococcuspyogenes; yeast: Candida albicans,Candida auris, Candida glabrata,Candida krusei, Candidaparapsilosis, Candida tropicalis,Cryptococcus neoformans/gatti;antimicrobial resistance genes:mecA/C and MREJ, vanA/B. Thisproduct is not intended to replacemanufacturer controls providedwith the device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ready-to-Use Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Direction for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Process like a patient sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intact inactivated bacteria, humanerythrocytes and leukocytes, andrelevant components of bloodculture media</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay StepsMonitored</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lysis, nucleic acidisolation/purification/inhibitorremoval, DNA hybridization,detection, identification/datareporting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lysis, nucleic acidisolation/purification/PCR inhibitorremoval, amplification, detection,identification/data reporting</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Targetsmonitored in oneassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple, 15 targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple, &gt; 30 targets(12 gram-positive)</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results

To substantiate the product performance claims for MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP, Streck collected product performance data for the following studies. Results of studies are summarized below:

• Multi-Site Precision (Reproducibility),   
• Single-Site Precision (Repeatability),   
• Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility   
• Closed-Vial Stability and Shipping Stability   
• Matrix Effect

# Multi-Site Precision (Reproducibility)

Testing was completed at three (3) sites and consisted of 10 positive control samples and 10 negative control samples for each MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lot for a total of 30 samples per control type (positive and negative control tubes), 60 samples per lot, tested on different days (2 vials x 1 lot x 1 day, for 10 days and 3 different lots). A total of 180 runs (90 runs per MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP control type; control type $=$ positive or negative control) were generated for data analysis from all testing sites and all MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lots.

Three lots were used for this study, (#22343, #22353, #22355), at least three Luminex BC-GP panel lots, three locations and at least three operators were included in the study. All samples were prepared and analyzed on the Luminex VERIGENE System Instrument per the control Instructions for Use.

All MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive and Negative Control lots passed with $\geq 9 0 \%$ agreement with expected results. The results support the conclusion that MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP shows reproducibility across three separately manufactured control lots between sites, days, and operators when used with the Luminex BC-GP panels on different Luminex VERIGENE systems.

Table 1: Reproducibility of MDx-Chex for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PercentAgreementalal sitescombined)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ObservedResults/#ExpectedResuults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ObservedResults/#ExpectedRessults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-Chex forBC-GPPositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for the Positive Control is positive.

Table 2: Reproducibility of MDx-Chex for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site #3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PercentAgreement(all sitescombined)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ObservedResults/#ExpectedRResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ObservedResults/#ExpectedR sults </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-Chexfor BC-GPNegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(90/90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for the Negative Control is negative.

# Single-Site Precision (Repeatability)

The repeatability of MD-ChexTM for BC-GP was evaluated using three separately manufactured lots of control. Each lot was tested using the Luminex VERIGENE System. A minimum of three Luminex BC-GP panel lots were used.

Three MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lots (#22343, #22353, #22355), at least three Luminex BC-GP panel lots and a minimum of two operators were included in the study. Testing consisted of 20 samples per control type (positive and negative control tubes), 40 samples per MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lot, tested over 20 days. A total of 120 runs (20 runs per MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP control type; control type $=$ positive or negative control) were generated for data analysis for all MDxChexTM for BC-GP lots.

Samples were prepared according to MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP control instructions. Samples were analyzed on the Luminex VERIGENE System per the Instructions for Use.

All MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive and Negative Control lots passed with $\geq 9 0 \%$ agreement with expected results. The results support the conclusion that MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP shows repeatability across three separately manufactured control lots when used with the Luminex BCGP panels.

Table 1: Repeatability of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/# Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-Chex™M for BC-GP, Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for the Positive Control is positive.

Table 2: Repeatability of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/# Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-Chex™M for BC-GP,Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td></tr></table>

1 Expected result for the Negative Control is negative.

# Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility

The reproducibility of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP was evaluated using three separately manufactured lots of control (#22343, #22353, #22355). Samples were prepared per the control Instructions for Use (IFU) prior to testing with the same Luminex BC-GP panel lot on one Luminex VERIGENE System over multiple days.

The within-run precision study was performed to assess performance of one MDx-ChexTM for BCGP lot (#22343), using the same Luminex BC-GP panel lot tested on the same day with one Luminex VERIGENE System.

For the Lot-to-lot study, data from 10 positive and negative control tubes, tested on the same VERIGENE System, were used for data analysis for each control tube per MDx-ChexTM for BCGP lot (30 data points per control type) for a total of 60 data points from three MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lots.

The within-run precision study consisted of 10 tests for each positive and negative control tube generated from one MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lot (total of 20 tests per control kit). For this study, Day 60 (2C) closed-vial stability data were used to demonstrate the within-run precision.

All MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive and Negative Control lots passed with $\geq 9 0 \%$ agreement with expected results. The results support that MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP is reproducible across three separately manufactured lots when used with the Luminex VERIGENE BC-GP panel. The results also demonstrate that there are no significant differences in results within runs of a control lot.

Table 1: Lot-to-Lot Precision Summary for MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/# Expected Results1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MDx-ChexTMfor BC-GP, Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55% - 100%</td></tr></table>

\* One Positive Control for Lots #22343 and #22355 gave initial false negative results which produced the expected results upon a single retest. The retest runs are not included in the above calculations.

Table 2: Lot-to-Lot Precision Summary for MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/# Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MDx-Chex™M for BC-GP, Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for the Negative Control is negative.

Table 3: Within-Run Precision Summary for MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/# Expected Results1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP, Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for the Positive Control is positive.

Table 4: Within-Run Precision Summary for MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/# Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-Chex™M for BC-GP, Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for the Negative Control is negative.

# Closed-Vial Stability and Shipping Stability

A closed-vial stability study was conducted to assess performance of three MDx-ChexTM for BCGP lots (#22343, #22353, #22355) with the Luminex BC-GP panel using Luminex VERIGENE systems. Testing consisted of 20 positive and 20 negative control samples, per MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lot, collected at different data collection timepoints and stored at room $( 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and at refrigerated $( 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ temperatures.

For the shipping stability study, one of the MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP lots (RPL #22355) from each storage temperature $\mathcal { Q } \mathrm { ^ { \circ } C }$ and $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) was subjected to simulated winter and summer shipping temperature profiles over 5 days. Data was collected from 20 samples per control type (i.e., positive and negative), for each simulated shipping profile, within the 61-day CVS testing period.

Samples were prepared and analyzed on the Luminex VERIGENE systems per MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP assay Instructions for Use. All MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive and Negative Control lots passed closed-vial stability, and summer and winter shipping conditions with $\geq 9 0 \%$ agreement with expected results. The data supports that MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Control kit is stable for a minimum of 60 days for use with the Luminex BC-GP panel lot when stored at 2- $\boldsymbol { 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ . The data also supports that the Control kit is stable and functional after exposure to extreme summer and winter shipping temperature conditions.

Table 1. Closed-vial stability of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#Observed   Results/#Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercntAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA ≥ 90%Acceptance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day 61+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

1 Expected result for the Positive Control is positive. + Indicates that lots stored at ${ } ^ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C } }$ were tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (71 days), Lot 22353 (75 days), and Lot 22355 (79 days). Lots stored at $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ were also tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (73 days), Lot 22353 (77 days), and Lot 22355 (81 days).

Table 2. Closed-vial stability of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA ≥ 90%Acceptance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Day 61+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

1 Expected result for the Negative Control is negative. + Indicates that lots stored at ${ } ^ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C } }$ were tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (71 days), Lot 22353 (75 days), and Lot 22355 (79 days). Lots stored at $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ were tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (73 days), Lot 22353 (77 days), and Lot 22355 (81 days).

Table 3. Closed-vial stability of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement for each MDx-Chex Lot.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA ≥ 90%Acceptance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Day 61+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

1 Expected result for the Positive Control is positive. + Indicates that lots stored at $_ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C } }$ were tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (71 days), Lot 22353 (75 days), and Lot 22355 (79 days). Lot stored at $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ were also tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (73 days), Lot 22353 (77 days), and Lot 22355 (81 days).

Table 4. Closed-vial stability of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement for each MDx-Chex Lot.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storagetemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA ≥ 90%Acceptance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Day 0</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Day 61+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22353</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

1 Expected result for the Negative Control is negative. + Indicates that lots stored at ${ } ^ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathbb { C } }$ were tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (71 days), Lot 22353 (75 days), and Lot 22355 (79 days). Lots stored at $2 0 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ were also tested for at least 61 days; Lot 22343 (73 days), Lot 22353 (77 days), and Lot 22355 (81 days).

Table 1. Shipping Study of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Positive Control: Positive Percent Agreement.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageTemperature*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA ≥ 90%Acceptance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Summer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Winter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

\* Samples were stored at each respective temperature prior to exposure to simulated summer or winter conditions. After exposure to simulated summer and winter conditions, samples were returned to each respective storage temperature prior to testing on the Luminex system. 1 Expected result for the Positive Control is positive.

Table 2. Shipping Study of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP Negative Control: Negative Percent Agreement.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageTemperature*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#ObservedResults/#ExpectedResults 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA ≥ 90%Acceptance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Summer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Winter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-25°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83% - 100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

\* Samples were stored at each respective temperature prior to exposure to simulated summer or winter conditions. After exposure to simulated summer and winter conditions, samples were returned to each respective storage temperature prior to testing on the Luminex system. 1 Expected result for the Negative Control is negative.

# Matrix Effect

A matrix effect study was completed to demonstrate that the matrix of the MDx-ChexTM for BCGP has no effect on target detection by the VERIGENE Gram Positive Blood Culture (BC-GP) panel and produces results consistent with contrived positive blood culture samples.

To verify that the simulated blood culture matrix does not impact performance of the Luminex BCGP panel, one lot (Lot# 23026) of Streptococcus agalactiae (5.0E7 cells/mL final concentration) was spiked into MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP matrix and also into BD BACTEC Plus Aerobic/F culture medium supplemented with negative whole blood to simulate a clinical sample (note: spike-in concentration is within the clinical bottle positivity range of approximately 1E7-1E9 CFU/mL).

The simulated samples (i.e., Positive Control) were tested in triplicate using Luminex BC-GP panel. Additionally, non-spiked simulated samples were tested in triplicate using Luminex BC-GP panel serving as negative controls.

The simulated positive MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP matrix and simulated positive clinical sample passed with $\geq 9 0 \%$ agreement for positive detection of analyte. The simulated negative MDxChexTM for BC-GP matrix and simulated negative clinical sample passed with $\geq 9 0 \%$ agreement for negative detection of analyte. The results demonstrate that MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP matrix has no effect on target detection (no inhibition and/or false negative results) when tested with the Luminex BC-GP panel. Data was consistent with the results of simulated blood culture samples.

Table 1: Effect of MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP and clinical sample matrices, spiked with Streptococcus agalactiae, tested on Luminex Gram-Positive Blood Culture (BC-GP) Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/#Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence  Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-ChexTMfor BC-GPMatrix, Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Matrix, PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29% - 100%</td></tr></table>

1 Expected result for the spiked-in matrices are positive for Streptococcus agalactiae.

Table 2: Effect of negative MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP and clinical sample matrices tested on Luminex Gram-Positive Blood Culture (BC-GP) Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Observed Results/ #Expected Results 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence  Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDx-Chex™M for BC-GPMatrix, Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29% - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Matrix, NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29% - 100%</td></tr></table>

Expected result for non-spiked matrices are negative.

# Conclusion of Performance Tests

Study results demonstrate MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP to be consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the predicate product, and stable for the product dating. MDx-ChexTM for BC-GP is a safe and effective product, which fulfills its intended use when used as instructed in the Instructions for Use.