# December 27, 2023

Copan WASP S.r.l.   
Chiara Congiu   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Via A. Grandi, 32   
Brescia, Brescia 25125   
Italy

Re: K232756 Trade/Device Name: Colibrí Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, QQV, QBN Dated: September 8, 2023 Received: September 8, 2023

Dear Chiara Congiu:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief, General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial   
Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K232756

Device Name Colibrí

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Colibrí is an automated in vitro diagnostic specimen preparation system for use with WASPLab to prepare MALDITOF targets for the bioMérieux VITEK MS systems or Bruker MALDI Biotyper CA mass spectrometry systems for qualitative identification and microbial suspension for the bioMérieux VITEK 2 systems or Beckman Coulter MicroScan WalkAway Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) systems for qualitative testing of isolated colonies of gramnegative and gram-positive bacterial species grown on solid culture media.

The Colibrí is an automated pre-analytical processor that picks isolated colonies designated by the operator and uses a pipetting system to prepare MALDI-TOF MS (Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption/Ionization-Time of Flight Mass Spectrometry) target slides for bacterial identification and microbial suspension at known concentration for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing and purity assessment.

The Colibrí software records the identity of each sample and its position on the target slide and communicates this information electronically to the MALDI-TOF MS analyzers.

Bacterial suspensions for AST and purity plates are identified by barcode label.

The Colibrí is intended for use by trained healthcare professionals in clinical laboratories in conjunction with other linical and laboratory findings, including Gram staining, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial infections.

The Colibrí has not been validated for use in the identification or processing of yeast species, molds, Nocardia, or mycobacteria.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

# I. Submitter

Applicant Name:

Copan WASP Srl   
Via A. Grandi 32   
25125 Brescia, Italy   
+39 030 2687211   
copan.regulatory@copangroup.com

# Contact Person

Chiara Congiu   
Copan WASP Srl   
Via A. Grandi 32   
25125 Brescia, Italy   
+39 338 6904942   
copan.regulatory@copangroup.com

Establishment Registration Number:

3009288740

Date Prepared:

September 08, 2023

# II. Device Name

<table><tr><td>Proprietary Name</td><td>Colibrí</td></tr><tr><td>Common/Usual Name Classification Name</td><td>Colibrí</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>Clinical mass spectrometry microorganism identifica- tion and differentiation system (21 CFR 866.3378)</td></tr><tr><td>Fully automated short-term incubation cycle antimicro- bial susceptibility system (21 CFR 866.1645)</td></tr><tr><td>I</td></tr><tr><td>Device Class Product Code</td><td>QQV, QBN, LON</td></tr><tr><td>Panel</td><td>Microbiology</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

# III. Legally Marketed Predicate Device

<table><tr><td>Device Name</td><td>Colibri</td></tr><tr><td>510(K) Number</td><td>K223245</td></tr></table>

No reference Devices were used in this submission.

# IV. Device Description

The Colibrí is an instrument which automates the picking of selected colonies from plated media and prepares MALDI target slides for the bioMérieux VITEK MS systems or the Bruker MALDI Biotyper CA systems that are used in clinical laboratories for identification and differentiation of organisms grown on plated media by Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption/Ionization Time-of Flight Mass Spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS). The Colibrí automates the preparation of microbial suspensions at known concentration for bioMérieux VITEK 2 systems and Beckman Coulter MicroScan WalkAway systems that are used in clinical laboratories for AST analyses. Moreover, the Colibrí is used for Purity Plates preparation for purity assessments.

The Colibrí includes the following components:

Colibrí instrument and software with on-board pipetting system and nephelometer Colibrí Primary Tubes  Colibrí Spreader Colibrí Daily Verification kit.

Colibri is designed to be used in conjunction with the WASPLab device for culture plate incubation and image analysis. After appropriate plate incubation, the operator selects the colonies from a digital image of culture media plate streaked with microbiological human specimen, available through WebApp software, the WASPLab User Interface.

The operator assigns the automatic ID or AST tasks to the isolated colonies to be processed. Then, the operator loads the plates in the Colibrí where colonies are automatically picked, spotted on the target slide and overlayed with the matrix or suspended into the dedicated solution for the preparation of the microbial suspension for AST purposes (Secondary Tube).

When used in conjunction with the bioMérieux VITEK MS systems, the Colibrí can prepare the 48-spot target slides by performing the direct spotting of colonies. The calibrator used for quality control is manually applied by the operator at the end of the automated colony spotting. When used in conjunction with

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

the Bruker MALDI Biotyper CA systems, the Colibrí can prepare either reusable 48-spot or disposable 96-spot targets by performing the Direct Transfer Sample Procedure. The BTS used for quality control is manually applied by the operator at the end of the automated colony spotting.

When used in conjunction with the bioMérieux VITEK 2 systems or the Beckman Coulter MicroScan WalkAway systems, the Colibrí can prepare the microbial suspension at the proper concentration by direct colony suspension method. The onboard nephelometer allows the preparation of Secondary Tubes (AST suspensions) at the correct concentration and the Colibrí Spreader is used for Purity Plates preparation.

The Colibrí software records the identity of each sample and its position on the target slide and communicates this information electronically to the MALDI-TOF MS analyzers.

The traceability of prepared Secondary Tube and Purity Plates is maintained by dedicated labels applications.

Colibrí requires four different calibrations, one on the nephelometer, three on the cameras. None of these calibration activities require user intervention if not in terms of periodical cleaning of the mechanical component as described in the dedicated section of the User Manual. The Set-up calibration of nephelometer and camera units are performed during the device initial setup. Auto-calibration is performed at the end of the initial set-up and periodically during the preventive maintenance to check that all the mechanical references can be found inside the positioning tolerances, that the I/Os are responsive. Runtime calibration is performed during the normal usage to automatically check the proper functioning of the Colibrí.

Colibrí requires a daily nephelometer verification to check the proper reading of suspensions at different turbidity values.

# V. Intended Use / Indications For Use

The Colibrí is an automated in vitro diagnostic specimen preparation system for use with WASPLab to prepare MALDI-TOF targets for the bioMérieux VITEK MS systems or Bruker MALDI Biotyper CA mass spectrometry systems for qualitative identification and microbial suspension for the bioMérieux VITEK 2 systems or Beckman Coulter MicroScan WalkAway Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) systems for qualitative testing of isolated colonies of gram-negative and gram-positive bacterial species grown on solid culture media.

The Colibrí is an automated pre-analytical processor that picks isolated colonies designated by the operator and uses a pipetting system to prepare MALDI-TOF MS (Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption/Ionization-Time of Flight Mass Spectrometry) target slides for bacterial identification and microbial suspension at known concentration for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing and purity assessment.

The Colibrí software records the identity of each sample and its position on the target slide and communicates this information electronically to the MALDI-TOF MS analyzers.

Bacterial suspensions for AST and purity plates are identified by barcode label.

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

The Colibrí is intended for use by trained healthcare professionals in clinical laboratories in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings, including Gram staining, to aid in the diagnosis of bacterial infections.

The Colibrí has not been validated for use in the identification or processing of yeast species, molds, Nocardia, or mycobacteria.

# VI. Comparison to Predicate

According to its intended use, Colibrí supports the performance of the connected IVD Analyzers by facilitating sample preparation for Gram-Negative and Gram-Positive bacteria ID or AST according to their intended use.

This submission aims to demonstrate the suitability of AST microbial suspensions prepared by Colibrí for processing with MicroScan WalkAway analyzers.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name(K number)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Colibrí</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí (K223245)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Class II (special controls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II (special controls)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>21 CFR 866.3378 and 21 CFR 866.1645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3378 and 21 CFR 866.1645</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>QQV, Automated System For Sample Prepara-tion And Identification Of MicroorganismsFrom Cultured Isolates By Mass SpectrometryQBN, Mass Spectrometry, Maldi Tof, Microor-ganism Identification, Cultured IsolatesLON, System, Test, Automated, AntimicrobialSusceptibility, Short Incubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QQV, Automated System For Sample Preparation And Identification Of MicroorganismsFrom Cultured Isolates By Mass SpectrometryQBN, Mass Spectrometry, Maldi Tof, Microor-ganism Identification, Cultured IsolatesLON, System, Test, Automated, AntimicrobialSusceptibility, Short Incubation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=9>The Colibrí is an automated in vitro diagnosticspecimen preparation system for use withWASPLab to prepare MALDI-TOF targets forthe bioMérieux VITEK MS systems or BrukerMALDI Biotyper CA mass spectrometry sys-tems for qualitative identification and microbialsuspension for the bioMérieux VITEK 2 sys-tems or Beckman Coulter MicroScan WalkA-way Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing(AST) systems for qualitative testing of isolatedcolonies of gram-negative and gram-positivebacterial species grown on solid culture media.The Colibrí is an automated pre-analytical pro-</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The ColibríTM is an automated in vitro diagnos-tic specimen preparation system for use withWASPLab® to prepare MALDI-TOF targets forthe bioMérieux VITEK® MS or Bruker MALDIBiotyper® CA mass spectrometry systems forqualitative identification and microbial suspen-sion for the bioMérieux VITEK® 2 Antimicro-bial Susceptibility Testing (AST) system forqualitative testing of isolated colonies of gram-negative and gram-positive bacterial speciesgrown on solid culture media.The ColibriTM is an automated pre-analyticalprocessor that picks isolated colonies designated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>cessor that picks isolated colonies designated</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>by the operator and uses a pipetting system toprepare MALDI-TOF MS (Matrix-Assisted La-ser Desorption/Ionization-Time of Flight Mass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=9>by the operator and uses a pipetting system toprepare MALDI-TOF MS (Matrix-Assisted La-ser Desorption/Ionization-Time of Flight MassSpectrometry) target slides for bacterial identi-fication and microbial suspension at known</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spectrometry) target slides for bacterial identi-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Spectrometry) tar</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>fication and microbial suspension at known con-centration for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test-ing and purity assessment.The ColibríTM software records the identity ofeach sample and its position on the target slide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=7>fication and microbial suspension at knownconcentration for Antimicrobial Susceptibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>concentrati</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=9>Testing and purity assessment.The Colibrí software records the identity ofeach sample and its position on the target slide</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Testing and purity assessment.The Colibrí software records the identity of</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>and communicates this information electroni-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=9>and communicates this information electroni-cally to the MALDI-TOF MS analyzers.Bacterial suspensions for AST and purity plates[</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>cally to the MALDI-TOF MS analyzers.Bacterial suspensions for AST and purity platesare identified by barcode label.The ColibriTM is intended for use by trainedThe Colibri is intended for use by trained healthcare professionals in clinical laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>are</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>are identified by barcode label.The Colibri is intended for use by trained healthcare professionals in clinical laboratories</td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name(K number)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí (K223245)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>in conjunction with other clinical and labora-findings, including Gram staining, to aid in thetory findings, including Gram staining, to aid in diagnosis of bacterial infections.the diagnosis of bacterial infections.The Colibrí has not been validated for use in the the identification or processing of yeast species,identification or processing of yeast species, molds, Nocardia, or mycobacteria.molds, Nocardia, or mycobacteria.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>in conjunction with other clinical and labora-findings, including Gram staining, to aid in thetory findings, including Gram staining, to aid in diagnosis of bacterial infections.The ColibríTM has not been validated for use inThe Colibrí has not been validated for use in the the identification or processing of yeast species,identification or processing of yeast species, molds, Nocardia, or mycobacteria.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method of testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct testing from isolated colonies for IDpurposes in conjunction with bioMérieuxVITEK MS systems or Bruker MALDI Bio-typer CA systems.Direct testing from isolated colonies for ASTpurposes in conjunction with bioMérieuxVITEK 2 systems or Beckman Coulter Mi-croScan WalkAway systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct testing from isolated colonies for IDpurposes in conjunction with bioMérieuxVITEK MS systems or Bruker MALDI Bio-typer CA systems.Direct testing from isolated colonies for ASTpurposes in conjunction with bioMérieuxVITEK 2 systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample/Media Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolated bacterial colonies from any patientsource grown on plates included in K193138,K220546 and K223245.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plate management</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic image capturing management andmanual loading into instrument for picking ac-tivities.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colonies selection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The colony to be picked is selected by an oper-ator on a digital plate using a Graphical UserInterface on a dedicated workstation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method of Colony Picking</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic picking of colonies using pipettetips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID Target preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>When connected with VITEK MS systems, aportion of microbial colony from an agar plateis automatically spotted on a VITEK MS-DStarget slide (VITEK MS DS Target Slides, 48positions disposable plastic targets) by usingthe pipetting system. 1µL of matrix is automatically applied to the spot using the pipettingsystem. The dried target slide is then manuallyloaded into the VITEK MS system.When connected with MALDI Biotyper CAsystems, a portion of microbial colony from anagar plate is automatically spotted on a BrukerTarget Plate (IVD 48 Spot Target plate orMBT Biotarget 96 US IVD) by using the pi-petting system. 1µL of matrix is automaticallyapplied to the spot using the pipetting system.The dried target slide is then manually loadedinto the MALDI Biotyper CA systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST Suspension Prepara-tion for VITEK 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using a pipetting system, a predefined number Sameof morphologically similar colonies are transferred into Primary Tube containing saline so-lution (0.45% NaCl Saline Solution pH 4.5 to7.0). A homogenous heavy suspension of or-ganisms is prepared and checked by using on-board Colibrí nephelometer. In the SecondaryTube containing 3.0mL of the same saline solu-tion, a variable aliquot of the heavy suspensionis automatically transferred to obtain the finalmicrobial concentration according to IVDpackage insert indications. The suspensionsprepared by Colibrí must be tested inMANUAL MODE on the VITEK 2 systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí requires four different calibrations, oneon the nephelometer, three on the cameras.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name(K number)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí (K223245)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None of these calibration activities requireuser intervention.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparatory activities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nephelometer verification by check usingDaily verification Kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Completely dependent on next-step IVD ana-lyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name(K number)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí (K223245)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST Suspension Prepara-tion for Beckman CoulterMicroScan WalkAway</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using a pipetting system, a predefined number Not presentof morphologically similar colonies are trans-ferred into Primary Tube containing water orsaline solution (0.9% NaCl). A homogenousheavy suspension of organisms is prepared andchecked by using an on-board Colibrí nephe-lometer. In the Secondary Tube containing 25ml of MicroScan Inoculum Water withPLURONIC or 25 ml of Mueller-Hinton Brothwith 3% lysed horse blood, a variable aliquot ofthe heavy suspension is automatically trans-ferred to obtain the final microbial concentra-tion according to IVD package insert indica-tions. The suspension prepared by Colibrí mustbe used to rehydrate MicroScan AST panels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

These differences do not affect substantial equivalence of Colibrí and the Predicate Device.

# VII. Performance Data

The performance studies which demonstrate the ability of the predicate device Colibrí to prepare MALDI-TOF targets and microbial suspensions for VITEK 2 have been conducted under K193138, K220546 and K223245.

Please, refer to the Decision Summary for K193138 for the following performance studies on the MALDI-TOF targets preparation:

Precision/Reproducibility   
Colony Picking Accuracy   
Accuracy of Bacterial Identification   
Positional Accuracy   
Carry-Over   
Colony Stability   
Spot Stability

Please, refer to the Decision Summary for K220546 for the following performance studies on the microbial suspension preparation for AST:

Precision/Reproducibility of results for VITEK 2 Colony Picking Accuracy

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

Microbial Suspension Accuracy for VITEK 2   
Accuracy of AST Results for VITEK 2   
Carry-Over   
Pipettor Trueness and Precision   
Accuracy of the Onboard Nephelometer   
E. coli Suspensions Preparation Verification Study   
Purity Plate Growth   
Reagent Hold Time

Please, refer to the Decision Summary for K223245 for the validation of the full workflow of Colibri in conjunction with the WASPLab.

# Analytical Studies

The Analytical studies performed with the Colibrí support its use for the preparation of microbial suspension used in conjunction with the MicroScan WalkAway AST analyzer. The Analytical studies demonstrated that microbial suspensions prepared from isolated colonies by the Colibrí can be used to hydrate MicroScan panels for the determination of susceptibility of organisms to certain drugs included on the panels. The used methodology (direct colony suspension) and claimed prerequisites for sample preparation are in line with the IVD analyzer manufacturer IFU.

# Preparation of Microbial Suspensions for AST

The accuracy of the inoculum density in the Secondary Tubes was determined by viable cell count of the microbial suspensions prepared by three Colibrí instruments and compared to the acceptance range 3-7 $\mathbf { x } \ 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathbf { C F U } / \mathbf { m } \hat { \mathbf { L } }$ for $E$ . coli ATCC $2 5 9 2 2 ^ { 1 }$ and $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } ^ { 2 }$ for other bacteria.

The percentage of prepared suspension with microbial concentration within the acceptable limits was $9 8 . 5 \%$ and has been compared between instruments with $\chi ^ { 2 }$ -test, resulting in no statistically significant difference among the instruments ( $\scriptstyle \mathbf { p } \scriptscriptstyle .$ -value $= 0 . 3 4$ ). The results provided evidence that the microbial concentration of AST suspensions prepared by Colibrí is accurate.

Table 1: Percentage suspensions with acceptable microbial concentration, stratified per microor ganism and instrument   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microorganism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. Calcu-lated concen-tration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedconcentra-tion(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí#1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-7 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36(100%)</td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microorganism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Avg. Calcu-lated concen-tration(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedconcentra-tion(CFU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí#1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí#2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí#3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aerugi-nosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30(96.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/42(97.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 x 105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/44(97.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/44(97.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/44(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130/132(98.5%)</td></tr></table>

# AST Challenge Test

The accuracy of MICs obtained by MicroScan WalkAway with microbial suspensions prepared by Colibrí from isolated colonies was evaluated using representative isolates of different species of Enterobacterales $\left( \mathrm { n } { = } 5 0 \right)$ ), Staphylococcus $\mathrm { ( n } { = } 2 0 \mathrm { ) }$ ), Streptococcus $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 2 )$ ), Enterococcus $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 8 )$ and non-fermenters $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 0 )$ . The strains included in this study were both susceptible and resistant strains, exhibiting a range of on-scale MIC values toward at least 4 antibiotics representative for the major classes of drugs. Each strain was grown on Trypticase Soy Agar $+ 5 \%$ Sheep Blood or MacConkey Agar (only Enterobacterales and non-fermenters) at specific incubation times and then processed by three Colibrí operated by three different technicians. Manual suspension preparation was used as comparative method.

Microbial suspensions were processed by the MicroScan WalkAway using the appropriate antibiotic panel in Table 2.

Table 2: MicroScan Panels Tested in AST Challenge Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroScan Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicated Organisms Groups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MSP6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CefepimeCefotaximeCeftriaxoneClarithromycinClindamycinDaptomycinErythromycinLevofloxacinLinezolidMeropenemPenicillin GTetracyclineVancomycin</td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

The SIR category was reported according to the FDA-Recognized Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria. Essential Agreement (EA) of the MICs and Category Agreement (CA) were calculated in comparison with the manual result. The discrepant SIR results were categorized as Very Major discrepancy (vmj), Major discrepancy (maj) and Minor discrepancy (min).

Table 3: AST Challenge Study summary of results, stratified by MicroScan panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroScan Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicated Organisms Groups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial Agents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NM-NF50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacterales,Non-fermenters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmikacinGentamicinTobramycinCefepimeCeftazidimeCefotaximeMeropenemImipenemAmpicillin/SulbactamPiperacillin/TazobactamTicarcillin/K ClavulanateAztreonamLevofloxacinCiprofloxacinMinocyclineTetracyclineTrimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PM-E37</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterococcus spp.,Staphylococcus spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmpicillinCiprofloxacin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClindamycinDaptomycinErythromycinLevofloxacinLinezolidMinocyclineMoxifloxacinNitrofurantoinPenicillin GTetracyclineTigecyclineVancomycin</td></tr></table>

MICs obtained using Colibrí for microbial suspensions preparation showed very high agreement with the manual preparation for all the microorganisms group; overall, 1232/1232 evaluable MIC results were within 1 two-fold dilution of the reference result and 4187/4254 SIR categorizations were in agreement. The overall Essential Agreement of the evaluable MIC results was $100 \%$ and the Category Agreement was $9 8 . 4 \%$ .

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroScanpanel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OrganismGroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totaltested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalEvalua-ble</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># EA ofEvalua-ble</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% EAof Eval-uable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totalcat.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#vmj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#maj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#min</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NM-NF50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacterales</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NM-NF50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-fermenters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PM-E37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>663</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PM-E37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>516</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSP6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility Study

The Reproducibility Study was performed to demonstrate consistency of AST results given by Beckman Coulter MicroScan WalkAway system on microbial suspensions prepared by different Colibrí instruments in different test days.

Culture media showing isolated colonies of 9 gram-positive and 9 gram-negative strains were processed on 3 Colibrí over 3 days to prepare microbial suspensions that were tested for purity and loaded in the appropriate antibiotic panel following the MicroScan instructions for use. Each condition was tested in triplicate for a total number of 27 replicates for each combination strain-antimicrobial agent.

The reported MIC values were used to calculate within-instrument and between-instruments reproducibility. Reproducibility was calculated as the total number of results that were within one doubling dilution of the mode result divided by total number of results. Off-scale results that were one doubling dilution from the mode were considered reproducible for best-case reproducibility calculations but considered not reproducible for worst-case calculations.

Best-case reproducibility was $2 9 5 \%$ and worst-case reproducibility was $2 8 9 \%$ for all antimicrobial agents tested across all panels with microbial suspensions prepared from isolated colonies by each instrument. The reproducibility results are acceptable.

Table 4: Summary of reproducibility results –stratified by MicroScan panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroScan Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Best Casea (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Worst Caseb (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>MSP6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117/117 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113/117 (96.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117/117 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/117 (94.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117/117 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108/117 (92.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351/351 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331/351 (94.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>NM-NF50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459/459 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453/459 (98.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458/459 (99.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453/459(99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459/459 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452/459 (98.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1376/1377 (99.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1358/1377 (98.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PM-E37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297/297 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297/297 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297/297 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295/297 (99.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297/297 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297/297 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MicroScan Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colibrí</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Best Casea (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Worst Caseb (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>891/891 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>889/891 (99.8%)</td></tr></table>

a Calculated assuming the off-scale results are within one well from the mode. b Calculated assuming the off-scale results are greater than one well from the mode.

# Sample preparation for Quality Control

The study was performed to demonstrate the reproducibility of MIC results for AST Quality Control organisms using the Colibrí as suspension preparator. CLSI-recommended reference strains Escherichia coli ATCC 25922, Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 27853, Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 29213 and Enterococcus faecalis ATCC 29212 were grown on trypticase soy agar $+ 5 \%$ sheep blood.

The sample preparation for Quality Control was conducted daily at the beginning of the working session on each instrument involved in the Analytical Studies. All instruments were used to prepare bacterial suspensions then tested using the appropriate AST panel. MIC values for each drug/organism combination were compared to the established ranges reported in the MicroScan panels labeling345, resulting in $100 \%$ acceptable MIC values. Purity of all the suspensions was confirmed by Purity Plates prepared by Colibrí. The summary of results is in the table below.

Table 5: List of QC organisms and antimicrobial agent tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC rangeCLSI) M100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On panel val-ues (panelIFU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. MIC withinQC range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Escherichia coliATCC 25922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amikacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤4-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin/Sulbactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/1 - 8/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤4/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aztreonam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftazidime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 - 0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 - 0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefepime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 - 0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 -2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr></table>

Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC range CLS) M10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On panel val-ues (panelI FU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. MIC withinQC range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 - 0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meropenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 - 0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minocycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin/Tazobactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/4 - 8/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤8/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ticarcillin/K Clavulanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/2 - 16/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤16/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim/Sulfame-thoxazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5/9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/36 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=13 colspan=1>StaphylococcusaureusATCC 29213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clindamycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linezolid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 -4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minocycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 - 0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrofurantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 - 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - &gt;8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tigecycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 - 0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42/42 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Pseudomonas ae-ruginosaATCC 27853</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amikacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤4-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aztreonam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefepime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5- 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 -32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftazidime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 -4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.12 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentamicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 -4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC rangeCLCLS)M100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On panel val-ues (panelIFU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. MIC withinQC range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meropenem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.12 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Piperacillin/Tazobactam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/4 - 8/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤8/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 - 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-&gt;8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ticarcillin/K Clavulanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/2 - 32/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤16/2 - 32/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>EnterococcusfaecalisATCC 29212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5 - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 -2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linezolid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moxifloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25 - 0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrofurantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 - 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-&gt;8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tigecycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 - 0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30 (100%)</td></tr></table>

\*Due to MicroScan panel design, the full QC range was not available for all organism/drug combinations. For the drugs where the concentrations on the MicroScan panel do not cover the full CLSI/FDA-recommended QC range, the reported value was taken as an indication of acceptable QC.

# Purity Plates Evaluation

All the microbial suspensions prepared during the analytical studies were tested for purity by Purity Plate preparation using Colibrí. The purity assessment was performed to demonstrate the absence of cross contamination during the preparation of Secondary Tubes and the efficiency of the on-board incinerator in sterilizing the spreader. A total of 453 Purity Plates were prepared resulting in $100 \%$ acceptable plates without evidence of growth of other organisms than the target one.

# Copan WASP Colibrí™ - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of PurityPlates showing mo-nomicrobialgrowth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of PurityPlates tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage of PurityPlates showing mo-nomicrobial Growth</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST Challenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AST Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

# Conclusions:

The predicate device (existing device) and the new device both utilize the same technology for the preparation of the MALDI-TOF targets and the AST microbial suspensions.

The Analytical Studies results demonstrated that the Colibrí when used in conjunction with MicroScan WalkAway device is as safe, as effective, and performs equivalently to the predicate device. The minor differences between the devices do not adversely affect safety and effectiveness. The used methodology and claimed prerequisites for sample preparation are in line with the IVD analyzer manufacturer IFU and with the relevant CLSI guidance. Analytical study result summaries have been updated in the package insert to harmonize data presentation between the MicroScan WalkAway and bioMérieux VITEK 2 AST systems.