# December 15, 2023

Biomerica, Inc.   
Bonnie Qiu   
Senior Director, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs 17571 Von Karman Avenue   
Irvine, California 92614

Re: K232892 Trade/Device Name: Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3110 Regulation Name: Campylobacter Fetus Serological Reagents Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: LYR Dated: September 15, 2023 Received: September 18, 2023

Dear Bonnie Qiu:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Natasha Griffin -S

O.B.O.

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232892

Device Name Hp Detect™ Stool Antigen ELISA

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

A. SUBMITTER/510(K) HOLDER Biomerica, Inc 17571 Von Karman Ave Irvine, CA 92614   
B. DEVICE NAME Proprietary Name: Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA Common/Usual Name: Helicobacter pylori stool antigen ELISA Classification Name: Helicobacter pylori   
C. REGULATORY INFORMATION Regulation Section: 21 CFR 866.3110 Campylobacter fetus serological reagents Classification: Class I Product Code: LYR Panel: 83-Microbiology   
D. PREDICATE DEVICE PREMIER Platinum HpSA PLUS (K182559)

# E. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA is an enzyme immunoassay which detects the H. pylori antigen in human fecal samples. The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA comes in a kit that contains materials to assay a total of 92 samples. The device consists of a 96-well clear flat bottom polystyrene high bind microplate coated with affinity purified rabbit anti-human $H .$ pylori polyclonal antibody. The device is provided with detection antibody which is a purified mouse monoclonal antibody specific for $H .$ pylori antigen and has been conjugated to horseradish peroxidase (HRP). The device kit is also provided with sample diluent buffer, wash buffer, substrate solution, stop solution along with negative and positive controls. Negative control is a phosphate buffered protein solution and positive control is composed of purified $H .$ pylori antigen (ATCC strain 43504) from cell lysate.

Polyclonal anti- $H .$ pylori captures antibodies that are immobilized on microwells. Patient samples prepared in sample diluent are added to the microwells and incubated for one hour at $3 7 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . If the $H .$ . pylori antigen is present in the sample, it will bind to the immobilized antibody on the plate. Following this incubation, the plate is washed thoroughly. A peroxidase conjugated anti- $H .$ . pylori monoclonal antibody is then added to the microwells and incubated for 30 minutes at $3 7 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . If $H .$ pylori antigen is bound to the microwells in the first step, the detection antibody would now bind in this step to form a sandwich complex. Following this incubation, a thorough wash step is performed to remove non-specific and non-binding materials. Substrate is then added and incubated for 10 minutes at $3 7 \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to generate a color in the presence of the enzyme complex. Stop solution is then added to end the reaction. The results are read spectrophotometrically at the following wavelengths:

1. Single Wavelength Measurement at $4 5 0 \mathrm { n m }$   
2. Dual Wavelength Measurement 450/620 nm or 450/630 nm

# F. INDICATION FOR USE/INTENDED USE

The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA is an in vitro diagnostic qualitative enzyme immunoassay for the detection of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) antigens in human stool or feces. The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA is intended to aid in the initial diagnosis and posttherapy diagnosis of $H .$ . pylori infection. Additionally, the test may be used to assess H. pylori infection status after treatment. Retesting at a minimum of 4 weeks after the completion of treatment may be done to assess $H .$ pylori status. Test results should always be taken into consideration by the physician in conjunction with patient’s clinical information (history and symptoms). For Prescription Use Only.

# G. SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS COMPARED TO THE PREDICATE DEVICE

A summary comparison of technological characteristics, including design and materials is provided in the following Table 1.

Table 1. Comparison with Predicate Device   
Page 6-3   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device: K232892</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate : K182559</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceTrade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREMIER Platinum HpSAPLUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LYR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Hp Detect Stool AntigenELISA is an in vitro diagnosticqualitative enzyme immunoassayfor the detection of Helicobacterpylori (H. pylori) antigens inhuman stool or feces. The HpDetect Stool Antigen ELISA isintended to aid in the initialdiagnosis and post therapydiagnosis of H. pylori infection.Additionally, the test may be usedto assess H. pylori infection statusafter treatment. Retesting at aminimum of 4 weeks after thecompletion of treatment may bedone to assess H. pylori status. Testresults should always be taken intoconsideration by the physician inconjunction with patient's clinicalinformation (history andsymptoms). For Prescription UseOnly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PREMIER Platinum HpSAPLUS enzyme immunoassay(EIA) is an in vitro qualitativeassay for the detection ofHelicobacter pylori antigens inhuman stool. Test results areintended to aid in the diagnosisof H. pylori infection and tomonitor response during andpost-therapy in patients.Accepted medical practicerecommends that testing by anycurrent method, to confirmeradication, be done at least fourweeks following completion oftherapy.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection of H. pylori antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human fecal specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negative controlincluded in the kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negative controlincluded in the kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetPopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Persons suspected of having H.pylori infection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Refrigerated (2°C  8°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens may be held up to 120hours at 2°C  8°C or should befrozen at ≤ -12°C or ≤ -60°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens may be held up to 72hours at 2°C  8°C or at-20°C to -25°C prior to testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time toResult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 1 hour and 40minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 1 hour and 10minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AntibodyFormat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal/Monoclonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal mixture/Monoclonalmixture</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IncubationTemp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37°C ± 2°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19-27°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReadingMethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual, Spectrophotometric</td></tr></table>

# H. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

# 1. Analytical Performance

# a. Precision / Reproducibility

To demonstrate the reproducibility of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA, a four (4) panel of specimens were prepared at high negative $( 0 . 4 2 \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ , low positive $( 1 . 6 0 \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ , low positive $( 2 . 4 3 \ \times \ \mathrm { L o D } )$ and moderate positive $( 3 . 9 3 \ \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ by spiking H. pylori antigen (ATCC strain 43504) into a negative pooled fecal matrix. The reproducibility panel was blinded, and each run included positive and negative controls. Testing was performed at three sites, two independent laboratories and one in-house at Biomerica, Inc. The samples were tested in triplicate twice per day over a 5-day period by two technicians at each site using one kit lot (2 Technicians $\times 3$ sites $\times 3$ replicates $\times 2$ runs $\times 5$ days $= 1 8 0$ results/panel member). The results for the reproducibility study were measured using the dual wavelength (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \ \mathrm { n m } )$ ) and are summarized in Table 2 below. Testing at the dual and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ produced equivalent results.

Table 2. Reproducibility of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA measured in dual wavelength.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>H. pylori Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Combined (3 sites)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180/180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180/180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.93 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180/180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The Within-Lab precision/repeatability of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA was determined onsite at Biomerica using a four (4) panel of specimens as prepared for the reproducibility study as described above. Two operators performed the test with two validation lots per run over the period of 12 non-consecutive days. Two runs per day with a minimum of 3 hours separation between runs. Three replicates of each sample per run were tested along with positive and negative controls. The results for the Within-Lab precision/repeatability study measured in dual wavelength (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \ \mathrm { n m } )$ are summarized in Table 3. Testing at the dual and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \ \mathrm { n m } )$ produced equivalent results.

Table 3. Within-Lab precision/repeatability of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA measured in dual wavelength.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>H. pylori Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Combined (Two kit lots)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/ Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>278/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.93 × LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288/288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

The results for reproducibility and precision/repeatability studies were acceptable.

b. Linearity / Assay Reportable Range

Not Applicable

c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (Controls, Calibrators, or Methods)

Traceability:

Calibrator traceability is not applicable (No calibrator is included in kit).

Sample Stability:

Sample Stability – Contrived Specimens

The sample stability for contrived specimens was evaluated for both refrigerated and frozen storage conditions including freeze and thaw. Samples were prepared by spiking $H .$ pylori antigen (ATCC strain 43504) into a negative pooled fecal matrix. The sample panel was made up of 10 members of $H .$ . pylori antigen concentrations ranging from 0.47 to $5 . 4 2 \times$ LoD tested in triplicates. After establishing the baseline measurement (time zero), each of the 10 panel members were aliquoted and stored at three storage conditions: $2 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ to $8 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ ${ \ L } _ { \ l } \le - 1 2 { } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } _ { \ l { \ l } }$ , and $\le - 6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and tested for each time point and temperature range (shown in Table 4A). All the stability tests were measured in both dual (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \mathrm { n m }$ ) and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n m } )$ with equivalent results. Results shown in Table 4B, 4C, and 4D are for 10 panel sample members grouped into 3 high negatives $( < 1 \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ , 4 low positives $( 1 { - } 2 \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ , and 3 moderate positives $( 3 - 5 \times \mathrm { L o D } )$ measured in dual wavelengths.

Table 4A. Stability Testing Temperatures and Time Points   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature Range (C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time Point (Days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3,5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-12°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8, 15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deep Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-60°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 8, 15</td></tr></table>

Table 4B. Results for storage of specimens at refrigerated conditions $\left( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \right)$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive/Tested in refrigerated (2-8°C) storage period</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (&lt;1 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (1-2 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (3-4 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td></tr></table>

Table 4C. Results for storage of specimens at frozen conditions $( \leq - 1 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive/Tested in frozen (≤ -12°C) storage period</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (&lt;1 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (1-2 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (3-4 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td></tr></table>

Table 4D. Results for storage of specimens at deep frozen conditions $( \leq - 6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive/Tested in frozen (≤ -60°C) storage period</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Negative (&lt;1 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive (1-2 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate Positive (3-4 × LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td></tr></table>

The results demonstrated no change in the performance interpretation from time zero throughout all the test points at each storage condition.

A freeze/thaw study was also conducted to evaluate the antigen stability after two (2) freezethaw cycles. The freeze/thaw study used the same 10 panels members as described in the specimen stability study. Following the baseline measurement (time zero) each sample was frozen at $\mathrm { \leq } \mathrm { - } 1 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and $\le - 6 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and tested after one (1) and two (2) freeze/thaw cycle respectively. Test results demonstrate no change in the performance interpretation from time zero throughout each of the two freeze-thaw cycles. The recommended storage conditions for stool samples are summarized in Table 5.

Table 5. Recommended Storage Conditions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature Range (C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recommended Storage Time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refrigerated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-12°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deep Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-60°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Freeze-Thaw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤-12°C and ≤-60°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Freeze-Thaw Cycles</td></tr></table>

# d. Detection Limit (LoD)

The limit of detection (LoD) for the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA was determined by using antigens from two strains of $H .$ pylori, ATCC 43504 (Primary strain) and ATCC 49503 (Secondary strain). Detergent solubilized whole cell lysate of $H .$ . pylori was used to purify antigens. For each strain, three positive sample panels were prepared by spiking purified $H .$ . pylori antigen into a negative stool matrix. Each positive sample was then used to prepare its initial series of six dilutions. For Strain ATCC 43504 additional four dilutions were made (total 10 dilutions) and for Strain ATCC 43503 additional 5 dilutions were made (total 11 dilutions) to ensure that at least 3 dilutions are within 0.10 to 0.90 ( $10 \%$ to $90 \%$ ) hit rate for Probit analysis. To determine LoD, each dilution was tested in seven replicates across three days producing 63 data points per dilution per strain (3 positive samples $\times 7$ replicates $\times 3$ days $=$ 63 data points). Testing was conducted using two reagent lots and measuring by both dual (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ . A Probit analysis was performed to estimate LoD which is defined as the concentration of $H .$ pylori antigen that yields a positive result $9 5 \%$ of the time. LoD values determined for the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA test are shown in Table 6.

Table 6. LoD values for Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL (95%CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantity/Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain 43504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.53 (2.48 to 2.60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38 ng</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain 49503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.86 (5.56 to 6.37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88 ng</td></tr></table>

The Limit of Detection (LoD) for the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA was established at 2.53 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ (0.38 ng/test) for strain ATCC 43504 and $5 . 8 6 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ $\mathrm { 0 . 8 8 \ n g }$ /test) for strain ATCC 49503, measured in dual wavelength.

The correlation between antigen amount $\mathrm { ( n g / m L ) }$ and bacterial count $\mathrm { ( C F U / m L ) }$ was established for strain ATCC 43504 by dermining the LoD in bacterial count $\mathrm { ( C F U / m L ) }$ . The LoD of bacterial concentration determined for $H .$ pylori Strain ATCC 43504 is $1 . 6 9 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Therefore, $H .$ . pylori strain ATCC 43504 has a LoD of $2 . 5 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of antigen concentration correlates to a LoD of $1 . 6 9 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL of bacteria concentration when compared side to side (data not shown).

The study to determine LoD for the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA is acceptable and these values in CFU/mL and $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ were used to guide the analytical studies as appropriate.

# e. Analytical Specificity

# Cross-Reactivity and Microbial Interference

The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA test was evaluated for cross reactivity and microbial interference with the bacteria, fungi and viruses listed below. A contrived positive matrix was prepared by spiking $H .$ pylori purified antigen (ATCC strain 43504) at $2 . 2 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ $( 5 . 6 1 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ into the negative fecal matrix. Bacteria and fungi were spiked at concentrations of $1 0 ^ { 6 } – 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ CFU/mL and viruses at a range from $1 0 ^ { 4 } – 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ TCID50 units per mL into either the contrived positive sample (for microbial interference evaluation) or into the negative fecal matrix (for cross-reactivity evaluation). Positive and negative controls were included with each run. The sample panel was assayed in duplicates. The list of microorganisms and concentrations tested for cross-reactivity and microbial interference studies are shown in Table 7 below. No crossreactivity or microbial interference was observed with the listed microorganisms when tested at the given concentrations when spiked into the matrix. The study was conducted with both dual (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \ \mathrm { \ n m } )$ and single wavelength $4 5 0 \ \mathrm { n m } )$ . All three-wavelength measurements produced equivalent results.

Table 7. Microorganisms tested\* for cross-reactivity and microbial interference.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bacteria and Fungi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aeromonas hydrophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacillus subtilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peptostreptococcus anaerobius</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plesiomonas shigelloides</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter fetus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proteus mirabilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter hyointestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas fluorescens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Campylobacter upsaliensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (Group B)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (Group C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrobacter freundii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (Group D)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella enterica (Group E)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium perfringens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serratia liquefaciens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clostridium sordellii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella boydii</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacter cloacae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella flexneri</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shigella sonnei</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia hermannii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eschericia fergusonii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vibrio parahaemolyticus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Klebsiella pneumonia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yersinia enterocolitica</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillum lactis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus Type B5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Echovirus Type 9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rotavirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coxsackievirus Type B3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*Bacteria were tested at $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ (except for Clostridium perfringens at $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ and Candida albicans at $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ . Viruses were tested at $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ except for Echovirus and Rotavirus which were tested at $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ of $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ .

The results for cross-reactivity and microbial interference with the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA were acceptable.

# Interfering Substances

The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA was evaluated for interference with the potential interfering substances. A contrived positive matrix was prepared by spiking $H .$ . pylori purified antigen (ATCC strain 43504) at $2 . 2 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ $( 5 . 6 1 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ into the negative fecal matrix. Potentially interfering substances were spiked into either the contrived positive sample or negative fecal matrix. Positive and negative controls were included in each run. List of potential interfering substances and their concentrations tested for cross-reactivity and interference studies were shown in Table 8 below. No Interference was observed when the listed interfering substances were tested at the given concentrations. Assays were performed in both dual (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \ \mathrm { n m } )$ and single wavelength $\mathrm { 4 5 0 \ n m } )$ . All three-wavelength measurements produced equivalent results.

Table 8. Interfering substance concentrations tested.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% m/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>701 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palmitic Acid (Fecal Fat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyethylene Glycol 3350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Steric Acid (Fecal Fat)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vancomycin Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μL/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Over the Counter (OTC) Medications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium AD (Loperamide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kaopectate (Bismuth Subsalicylate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mylanta (Aluminum Hydroxide &amp; MagnesiumHydroxide or Calcium Carbonate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.68 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto Bismol (Bismuth Subsalicylate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prilosec (Omeprazole) OTC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simethicone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tagamet (Cimetidine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TUMS (Calcium Carbonate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

The results for interfering substances study with the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA were acceptable.

# Inclusivity study

A total of six (6) H. pylori strains (whole cells) and one purified $H .$ pylori antigen were evaluated for inclusivity study. Samples were prepared by diluting each strain (whole cells) and antigen in negative stool matrix at the level of $1 { - } 3 \ \times \ \mathrm { L o D }$ (using LoD of $1 . 6 9 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ CFU/mL whole cells for strain ATCC 43504 and $5 . 8 6 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ antigen for strain ATCC 49503). Samples were tested for reactivity in triplicate with the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA measuring by both dual (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ . Results for inclusivity are shown in Table 9. All strains were detected with Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA.

Table 9. List of $H .$ . pylori strains tested for inclusivity study.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H. pylori Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Tested(% Detection)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.70 × 103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC43579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48×103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC49396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.42×103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700392</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.85×103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC700824</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.96×103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCBAA-945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.78×103CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC49503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.33 ng/mL Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td></tr></table>

The Inclusivity results were acceptable.

# f. Assay Cut-off

Assay cut-off for Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA was determined for both spectrophotometric measurement of Dual Wavelength $( 4 5 0 / 6 2 0 \mathrm { n m }$ or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ and Single Wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ . A panel of 227 specimens, of which 83 were positive and 144 were negative by the predicate device were evaluated with the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was constructed and the cut-off values for spectrophotometric single and dual wavelength reading methods were selected to achieve optimum diagnostic sensitivity and specificity:

Spectrophotometric Dual Wavelength $4 5 0 / 6 2 0 \mathrm { n m }$ or 450/630 nm) Negative: ${ < } 0 . 1 0 0$ Positive: $\ge 0 . 1 0 0$   
Spectrophotometric Single Wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ Negative: ${ < } 0 . 1 4 0$ Positive: $\ge 0 . 1 4 0$

A positive result indicates that H. pylori antigens were detected. A negative result indicates that no $H .$ . pylori antigens were detected, or that the antigen levels are below what can be detected by the assay.

# g. Prozone / Hook Effect

To ensure that a high concentration of $H .$ pylori antigen does not interfere with a positive reaction in the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA, a high positive sample was prepared by spiking $H .$ . pylori antigen (ATCC strain 43504) into negative fecal matrix. The sample was serially diluted at concentrations ranging from $2 0 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ to $0 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Each of the serial dilutions were tested in 8 replicates measuring by both dual (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 ~ \mathrm { n m } )$ and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ settings. Positive and negative controls were included in each run. The reading value of the plate reader reached to maximum level at $8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ of $H .$ . pylori antigen and remained at maximum level up to $2 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ . No high-dose hook effect was observed for the assay at antigen concentrations of up to $2 0 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# 2. Clinical Study

# Clinical Study – Frozen Specimen

The performance of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA for frozen specimens was evaluated by using method comparison study with an FDA cleared device. A total of 433 frozen and deidentified fecal samples were tested in which 355 specimens were collected from Italy and 78 specimens collected from three geographically different regions of the USA (west, southwest, and southeast). The clinical specimens were collected from the patients presenting with dyspepsia, and would be undergoing a routine endoscopy and biopsy, not on antibiotics, bismuth, or proton-pump inhibitors, and those excluded if they had been treated for $H .$ pylori withing the past 6 months. Specimens were distributed into three testing sites located within the USA which include two external sites and one internal (Biomerica) site. Results were evaluated by reading absorbance at dual wavelength (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 ~ \mathrm { n m } )$ and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \ \mathrm { n m } )$ . The performance and statistics are shown in Table 10 for dual wavelength and Table 11 for single wavelength.

Table 10. Frozen Specimen - Clinical performance and statistics measured in dual wavelength.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA Cleared Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.12 - 99.84 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.13 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.98 - 99.14 %</td></tr></table>

The discrepant results were further analyzed by chart review and determined to have a RUT or history result and observed as follow:

(a) Four of the six discrepant false positives were either comparator positive by RUT or histology. (b) The discrepant false negative was negative by RUT or histology.

Table 11. Clinical performance and statistics measured in single wavelength.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA Cleared Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.12 - 99.84 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.95 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.20 - 97.62 %</td></tr></table>

The discrepant results were further analyzed by chart review and determined to have a RUT or history result and observed as follow:

(a) Four of the 13 discrepant false positive were positive by RUT or histology.   
(b) The discrepant false negative was negative by RUT or histology.

The performance results for frozen specimen clinical study are acceptable.

# Clinical Study - Fresh Stool Specimen

The performance of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA for fresh specimens (never frozen) was evaluated by using method comparison study with an FDA cleared device. A total of 142 fresh, de-identified, fecal specimens from patients with physician’s medical evaluation for symptoms of $H .$ pylori infection were collected through multiple biospecimen vendor and clinical laboratories. The specimens were tested in the collection centers with the comparator device and specimen aliquots were shipped to Biomerica (internal site) and tested using $\mathrm { H } \mathfrak { p }$ Detect Stool Antigen ELISA using both dual wavelength (450/620 or $4 5 0 / 6 3 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ and single wavelength $( 4 5 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ settings.

Table 12. Fresh Specimens - Clinical performance and statistics measured in dual and single wavelength with same results.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparator: FDA Cleared Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.89 - 100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.36%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.22 - 99.55%</td></tr></table>

The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA demonstrated the clinical performance of $100 \%$ positive percent agreement and $9 8 . 4 \%$ negative percent agreement for fresh stool specimens using both dual and single wavelength configurations. The performance results for fresh specimen clinical study are acceptable.

# Post –Therapy Diagnosis

The performance of the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA for post-therapy diagnosis was evaluated by using 14 paired (pre-and post- therapy) frozen retrospective specimens from Italy. All subjects initially tested positive for $H .$ . pylori by composite reference method (CRM) consisting of histology and Rapid Urease Test and all completed eradication therapy. Posttherapy fecal samples were collected at a minimum of 4 weeks post completion of eradication therapy. All 14 pre-therapy samples were previously shown to be positive and matched with the CRM diagnosis. The result for post-therapy was shown in Table 13.

Table 13. Post-Therapy Performance with composite reference method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Post-Therapy CRM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.25 - 100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.02 - 100 %</td></tr></table>

The results for post-therapy performance show that the Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA exhibited a $100 \%$ sensitivity and $100 \%$ specificity when compared to the composite reference method. The performance results for post-therapy study are acceptable and support the claim for the test to be used in assessing $H .$ pylori status after treatment.

# Clinical Cut-Off

Not Applicable.

# Expected Values – Reference Range

The Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA assay detects the presence of $H .$ . pylori antigen in human feces. The clinical study included in this submission had results from 433 frozen specimens collected from three independent sites in the US, each located in a different geographical region of the country – west, southwest, and southeast, and outside the US – Italy. The observed prevalence of H. pylori in this study was $2 7 . 0 \%$ (117/433). $H .$ pylori detection and prevalence stratified by specimen origin are shown in Table 14 and categorized by gender is shown in Table 15.

Table 14: H. pylori detection and prevalence by specimen origin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prevalence(% Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US - Southeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US - Southwest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US - West</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>US (All Sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Italy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0%</td></tr></table>

Table 15: $H .$ pylori detection and prevalence by gender   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hp Detect Stool Antigen ELISA Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prevalence(% Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Females</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Males</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>433</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0%</td></tr></table>

# I. PROPOSED LABELING

The labeling supports the finding of substantial equivalence for this device.

# J. CONCLUSIONS

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports substantial equivalence decision.