# April 25, 2024

Copan Italia S.p.A.   
Silvia Caprini   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager via Francesco Perotti 10   
Brescia, IT 25125   
Italy

Re: K232357 Trade/Device Name: Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2390 Regulation Name: Transport Culture Medium Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JSM, LIO Dated: March 28, 2024 Received: March 28, 2024

Dear Silvia Caprini:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232357

Device Name Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) System

Indications for Use (Describe)

Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT) System is intended for the collection and transport of clinical specimen containing viruses, chlamydiae, mycoplasma or ureaplasma from the collection site to the testing laboratory. UTM-RT can be processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for viral, chlamydial, mycoplasma and ureaplasma culture.

UTM-RT is intended for the stabilization and transportation of an unprocessed upper respiratory clinical specimen suspected of containing respiratory viruses' nucleic acids. UTM-RT is intended for use with compatible molecular assays.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# 1. General Information

Submitter name Address

Telephone number Contact person

COPAN ITALIA S.p.A.   
Via F. Perotti 10   
25125 Brescia, Italy   
$+ 3 9$ 030 2687212   
Ms. Silvia Caprini   
E-mail: regulatory.affairs@copangroup.com $2 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ April, 2024

Summary Preparation Date

# 2. Subject device

Trade name   
Common/Usual name   
Regulation number   
Regulation name   
Regulatory Class   
Product code   
Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT® ) System   
UTM, UTM-RT, Specimen collection and transport system   
21 CFR 866.2390   
Transport Culture Medium   
Class I   
JSM, LIO

# 3. Predicate device

Manufacturer   
Trade name   
Common/Usual name   
Regulation number   
Regulation name   
Regulatory Class   
Product code   
Premarket Notification Merit Medical System, Inc.   
Merit Cultura™ Collection and Transport System Specimen collection and transport system   
21 CFR 866.2390   
Transport Culture Medium   
Class I   
JSM, LIO   
K201674

# 4. Device description

Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT® ) System is composed of a tube with 3mL of UTM$\mathsf { R T } ^ { \circledast }$ transport medium, which may be supplied in bulk or as a kit with a sterile specimen collection flocked swab. UTM- $\cdot \mathsf { R T } ^ { \circledast }$ medium is designed to maintain viability of viruses, chlamydiae, mycoplasma or ureaplasma during transport from the collection site to the testing laboratory for subsequent culture and to maintain the integrity of respiratory viruses’ nucleic acids for testing with a compatible molecular assay.

# 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT® ) System is intended for the collection and transport of clinical specimen containing viruses, chlamydiae, mycoplasma or ureaplasma from the collection site to the testing laboratory. UTM-RT®  can be processed using standard clinical laboratory operating procedures for viral, chlamydial, mycoplasma and ureaplasma culture. UTM-RT® is intended for the stabilization and transportation of an unprocessed upper respiratory clinical specimen suspected of containing respiratory viruses’ nucleic acids. UTM-RT®  is intended for use with compatible molecular assays.

6. Table 1: Comparison to predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateDevices:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device (K232357)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (K201674)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device TradeName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Universal TransportMedium (UTM-RT) System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Merit Medical SystemsCultura Collection andTransport System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Italia S.p.A.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Merit Medical Systems, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Device Cha</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>racteristicSimilarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications ForUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Universal TransportMedium (UTM-RT) System isintended for the collection andtransport of clinical specimencontaining viruses, chlamydiae,mycoplasma or ureaplasma fromthe collection site to the testinglaboratory. UTM-RT can beprocessed using standard clinicallaboratory operating procedures forviral, chlamydial, mycoplasma andureaplasma culture. UTM-RT isintended for the stabilization andtransportation of an unprocessedupper respiratory clinical specimensuspected of containing respiratoryviruses&#x27; nucleic acids. UTM-RT isintended for use with compatiblemolecular assays.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Merit Cultura Collectionand Transport System isintended for collection andtransport of clinicalspecimens to the laboratoryfor standarddiagnostic/identificationtechniques. The MeritCultura Collection andTransport System is aculture-based media thatcan be used for upperrespiratory viral diagnosticassays including SevereAcute Respiratory SyndromeCoronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), Influenza A, Influenza B,Respiratory Syncytial Virus(RSV), and Rhinovirus.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tube and capmaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Various flocked nylon applicatorson a plastic shaft with break point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Media Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single use device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle ofoperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture-based medium formaintenance of targetmicroorganism viability andintegrity. The specimen can betested with culture- basedtechnique and with PCR-basedtechnique.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Device Cha</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>racteristic Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Media list ofingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hank&#x27;s Balanced Salt Solution,bovine serum albumin, L-cysteine,gelatin, L-glutamic acid, HEPESbuffer, phenol red, sucrose,vancomycin, amphotericin B andcolistin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hank&#x27;s Balanced SaltSolution (HBSS), FetalBovine Serum (FBS), D-glucose, Phenol Red,Gentamicin sulfate andAmphotericin B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen transportconditions andstorage time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 96 hours at 225°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 120 hours at 225°C.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Non-clinical Performance Data

# Culture Performance Study

Data for preservation of viability of microorganisms (i.e., viruses, chlamydiae, mycoplasma, ureaplasma) was included in the original premarket notification (K042970). This part of the Intended Use remains unchanged in the candidate device.

Shelf-life (reagent) stability Data supporting a shelf-life of 18 months for the UTM-RT medium was accepted for the original premarket notification (K042970) and no variable has further changed in the candidate device.

LoD Verification for Performance and Stability study

LoD for ATCC strains of representative viruses (i.e., Influenza A, Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial virus) was evaluated to determine the lowest viral amount leading to $\geq 9 5 \%$ of the sample replicates amplified for the viral target. 3xLoD was used for conducting the Performance and Stability study.

# Performance and Stability study

Performance and stability were evaluated to provide evidence about preservation of nucleic acids of respiratory viruses when specimen is stored in UTM-RT®  at $2 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ up to 96h throughout UTM-RT® shelf life.

To support the candidate device’s performance in preserving viral nucleic acids throughout the claimed shelf-life (i.e., 18 months) for the product, the tests were performed on a set of UTM-RT® lots within one-to-four months of manufacture, a set of UTM-RT®  lots dated approximately a year after manufacture, and a third set of UTM-RT®  lots aged beyond 18 months (applicable to UTM-RT® tubes with or without glass beads inside).

For each UTM- $\cdot \mathsf { R T } ^ { \circledast }$ lot and ATCC strain of representative respiratory viruses (i.e., Influenza A, Influenza B, Respiratory Syncytial virus), 5 replicates were tested at baseline $/$ time 0 (i.e., ${ { \sf T } _ { 0 } } )$ and then at 72 hours $( \mathsf { T } _ { 7 2 } )$ and 96 hours $( \mathsf { T } \mathsf { \mathfrak { s } } 6 )$ of sample storage in the cold $( 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ and room temperature $( 2 2 \mathrm { - } 2 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ . Tests were performed using the Xpert®  Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus assay in combination with GeneXpert®  Dx.

The cycle threshold (Ct) values obtained from the molecular assay were used to assess performance and calculate the difference in Ct values $( \Delta \mathsf { C t } )$ at tested time points relative to baseline (Time 0). Results were considered acceptable if the ΔCt of $< 3$ was observed. RSV, Flu A and Flu B target nucleic acids were amplified acceptably with stable $\Delta \mathsf { C t }$ values relative to baseline after storage in UTM- $R \mathsf { T } ^ { \circledast }$ for up to 96 hours at both room temperature $( 2 2 \mathrm { - } 2 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and refrigerated temperature $( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ , demonstrating medium stability during the product shelf life of 18 months, as summarized in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Summary of data demonstrating stability of viral nucleic acids during storage up to 96 hours in UTM- $R T ^ { \circledcirc }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Beads</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Lot age of UTM-RT at testing*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ΔCt at 96 hrs. (T96 - To)PASS criterion: ΔCt &lt;3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-28°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>UTM-RT® tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Freshly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu A2</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>With beads</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>produced (new),</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>orwithout beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Middle-Aged, or</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1-0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Old/Expired</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td></tr></table>

\*Lot age (in months from production) at testing was in the following range: New (0.8–4.2), Middle-aged (11.1–13.5) and Old/Expired (18.7–22.7).

# 8. Conclusion

Copan Universal Transport Medium (UTM-RT® ) system demonstrated acceptable stability of nucleic acids from representative respiratory viruses (i.e., Influenza A, two (2) targets A1 and A2; Influenza B; Respiratory Syncytial virus) when the specimen is stored in the cold $( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ or at room temperature $( 2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ for up to 96 hours in UTM-RT®  medium.

Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, safety, and performance testing, the candidate device (Copan Universal Transport Media (UTM- $\scriptstyle { \mathsf { R T } } ^ { \circledast }$ ) system) is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, Merit Medical Systems Cultura Collection and Transport System (K201674).