BioFire Diagnostics, LLC   
Kevin Bourzac   
VP, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs-Molecular   
515 Colorow Drive   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84108

Re: K232954 Trade/Device Name: BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF, OEM, OOU, OTG, OZE, OZX, OZY, OZZ, OCC, NSU, PGX Dated: September 20, 2023 Received: September 21, 2023

Dear Kevin Bourzac:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Joseph Briggs -S

Joseph Briggs   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232954

Device Name BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BIOFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SPOTFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel is a multiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test intended for use with the BIOFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SPOTFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System for the simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including COVID-19; (Respiratory menu) or in throat swab (TS) specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis (Sore Throat menu).

The following organism types and subtypes are identified and differentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel:

Respiratory Menu   
Viruses   
Adenovirus   
Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2   
Coronavirus (seasonal)   
Human metapneumovirus   
Human rhinovirus/enterovirus   
Influenza A virus   
Influenza A virus/H1-2009   
Influenza A virus/ H3   
Influenza B virus   
Parainfluenza virus   
Respiratory syncytial virus   
Sore Throat Menu   
Viruses   
Adenovirus   
Coronavirus (seasonal)   
Human metapneumovirus   
Human rhinovirus/enterovirus   
Influenza A virus   
Influenza A virus/H1-2009   
Influenza A virus/H3   
Influenza B virus   
Parainfluenza virus   
Respiratory syncytial virus

Bacteria Bordetella parapertussis Bordetella pertussis Chlamydia pneumoniae Mycoplasma pneumoniae

Bacteria   
Chlamydia pneumoniae   
Mycoplasma pneumoniae   
Streptococcus dysgalactiae (Group C/G Strep)   
Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A Strep)

Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS/TS specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or pharyngitis are indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism and aids in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness and/or pharyngitis may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or a respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by an NPS or TS specimen. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel may not be the definite cause of disease.

Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection and/or pharyngitis.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel for use on the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System

510(k) Summary BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

# Introduction:

The purpose of this Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver submission is to obtain clearance for the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel (SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel).

The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel simultaneously identifies 15 different respiratory viral and bacterial pathogens in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) or 14 viral and bacterial pharyngitis pathogens in throat swabs (TS) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infections or pharyngitis, respectively. Users have the option of choosing a Respiratory Menu or Sore Throat Menu, depending on the sample type. The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel is compatible with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System (SPOTFIRE System), a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based in vitro diagnostic system for infectious disease testing (K213954/ CW210006).

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the information included with this submission provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC 515 Colorow Drive Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Contact: Kevin Bourzac, Ph.D. Telephone: 801-736-6354, ext. 1358 Fax: 801-588-0507 Email: Kevin.Bourzac@biomerieux.com

Date submitted: March 05, 2024

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade name: BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel

Primary Regulation Number for device classification: 21 CFR 866.3981

Classification Name: Multi-Target Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Test Including SARS-CoV-2 And Other Microbia Agents

# Predicate Device:

K213954/CW210006 – BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory (R) Panel

# Intended Use:

The BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel is a multiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test intended for use with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System for the simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including COVID-19; (Respiratory menu) or in throat swab (TS) specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis (Sore Throat menu).

The following organism types and subtypes are identified and differentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory Menu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sore Throat Menu</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus (seasonal)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus (seasonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human rhinovirus/enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human rhinovirus/enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus/H1-2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus/H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus/H3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A virus/H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiae (Group C/G Strep)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A Strep)</td></tr></table>

Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS/TS specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or pharyngitis are indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism and aids in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness and/or pharyngitis may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or a respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by an NPS or TS specimen. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel may not be the definite cause of disease.

Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection and/or pharyngitis.

# Device Description:

The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel simultaneously identifies 15 different respiratory viral and bacterial pathogens in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) or 14 viral and bacterial pharyngitis pathogens in throat swabs (TS) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infections or pharyngitis, respectively, (see Intended Use:). The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel is compatible with the SPOTFIRE System, a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based in vitro diagnostic system for infectious disease testing. The SPOTFIRE System Software executes the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel test and interprets and reports the test results. The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel was designed to be used in CLIA-waived environments. A test is initiated by loading Hydration Solution into one port of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel pouch and NPS or TS specimen, mixed with the provided Sample Buffer, into the other port of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel pouch and placing it in the SPOTFIRE System. The pouch contains all of the reagents required for specimen testing and analysis in a freeze-dried format; the addition of Hydration Solution and Sample/Buffer Mix rehydrates the reagents. After the pouch is prepared, the SPOTFIRE System Software guides the user through the steps of placing the pouch into the instrument, scanning the pouch barcode, entering the sample identification, and initiating the run.

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver

The SPOTFIRE System contains coordinated systems of inflatable bladders and seal points, which act on the pouch to control the movement of liquid between the pouch blisters. When a bladder is inflated over a reagent blister, it forces liquid from the blister into connecting channels. Alternatively, when a seal is placed over a connecting channel it acts as a valve to open or close a channel. In addition, electronically controlled pneumatic pistons are positioned over multiple plungers in order to deliver the rehydrated reagents into the blisters at the appropriate times. Two Peltier devices control heating and cooling of the pouch to drive the PCR reactions and the melt curve analysis.

Nucleic acid extraction occurs within the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel pouch using mechanical and chemical lysis followed by purification using standard magnetic bead technology. After extracting and purifying nucleic acids from the unprocessed sample, the SPOTFIRE System performs a nested multiplex PCR that is executed in two stages. During the first stage, the SPOTFIRE System performs a single, large volume, highly multiplexed reverse transcription PCR (rt-PCR) reaction. The products from first stage PCR are then diluted and combined with a fresh, primer-free master mix and a fluorescent doublestranded DNA binding dye (LC Green® Plus, BioFire Diagnostics). The solution is then distributed to each well of the array. Array wells contain sets of primers designed specifically to amplify sequences internal to the PCR products generated during the first stage PCR reaction. The 2nd stage PCR, or nested PCR, is performed in singleplex fashion in each well of the array. At the conclusion of the 2nd stage PCR, the array is interrogated by melt curve analysis for the detection of signature amplicons denoting the presence of specific targets. A digital camera placed in front of the 2nd stage PCR captures fluorescent images of the PCR reactions and software interprets the data.

The SPOTFIRE System Software automatically interprets the results of each DNA melt curve analysis and combines the data with the results of the internal pouch controls to provide a test result for each organism on the SPOTFIRE R/ST Pane

# Substantial Equivalence:

The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel is substantially equivalent to the SPOTFIRE R Panel (K213954/CW210006), which was cleared on February 03, 2023, and determined to be a Class II device under the classification code 21 CFR 866.3981.

A table comparing the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel to the SPOTFIRE R Panel is provided in Table 1.

Table 1. Similarities and differences between the SPOTFIRE R Panel and the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel   

<table><tr><td>Element</td><td>Predicate: SPOTFIRE R Panel (K213954/CW210006)</td><td>New Device: SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory (R) Panel (SPOTFIRE R Panel) is a multiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test intended for use with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System for the simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including COvID-19. The following organism types and subtypes are identified and differentiated using the SPOTFIRE R Panel: Viruses Adenovirus Coronavirus (seasonal) Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 Human metapneumovirus Human rhinovirus/enterovirus Influenza A virus Influenza A virus A/H1-2009 Influenza A virus A/H3 Influenza B virus Parainfluenza virus Respiratory syncytial virus Bacteria Bordetella parapertussis Bordetella pertussis Chlamydia pneumoniae Mycoplasma pneumoniae Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS</td><td>The BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel is a multiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test intended for use with the BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE System for the simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including COvID-19; (Respiratory menu) or in throat swab (TS) specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis (Sore Throat menu). The following organism types and subtypes are identified and differentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel: Respiratory Menu Viruses Adenovirus Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus (seasonal) Human metapneumovirus Human rhinovirus/enterovirus Influenza A virus Influenza A virus A/H1-2009 Influenza A virus A/H3 Influenza B virus Parainfluenza virus Respiratory syncytial virus Bacteria Bordetella parapertussis Bordetella pertussis Chlamydia pneumoniae Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr></table>

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel March 05, 2024 Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

<table><tr><td colspan="2">specimens during the acute phase of infection. The Sore Throat Menu</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or lower respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by an NPS specimen. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.</td><td>detection and identification of specific viral and Viruses bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting Adenovirus Coronavirus (seasonal) signs and/or symptoms of respiratory infection are Human metapneumovirus indicative of the presence of the identified Human rhinovirus/enterovirus microorganism and aids in diagnosis if used in Influenza A virus conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological Influenza A virus A/H1-2009 information, and laboratory findings. The results of Influenza A virus A/H3 this test should not be used as the sole basis for Influenza B virus diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management Parainfluenza virus Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td>Bacteria Chlamydia pneumoniae Mycoplasma pneumoniae Streptococcus dysgalactiae (Group C/G Strep) Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A Strep)</td></tr><tr><td>Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS/TS specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or pharyngitis are indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism and aids in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection and/or pharyngitis.</td></tr><tr><td>Nasopharyngeal swab in viral transport media Specimen Types</td><td>Nasopharyngeal swab in transport media or Throat swab in transport media</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusesAdenovirusCoronavirus (seasonal)Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2Human metapneumovirusHuman rhinovirus/enterovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza A virus A/H1-2009Influenza A virus A/H3Influenza B virusParainfluenza virusRespiratory syncytial virusBacteriaChlamydia pneumoniaeMycoplasma pneumoniaeBordetella parapertussisBordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same, except:Additionally detects:Streptococcus dysgalactiae (Group C/G Strep)Streptococcus pyogenes (Group A Strep)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA/RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technological Principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly multiplexed nested nucleic acid amplificationtest with melt analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>About 15 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation and reporting. Usercannot access raw data.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in each reagent pouch tocontrol for sample processing and both stages ofPCR and melt analysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User complexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low (CLIA-waived)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Software Functions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defines panel-specific parameters, instrumentprotocols and report requirements.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzes processed image data (fluorescence andtemperature data) and provides test results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

The performance data for the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel is summarized in the BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE Respiratory/Sore Throa Instructions for Use. A summary of the R/ST Panel performance data is also provided below.

# Clinical Performance

Table 2 and Table 3 provide a summary of the performance of each analyte from all studies performed for NPS and TS specimens, respectively.

Table 2. R/ST Panel Performance Summary for NPS Specimens (Respiratory Menu; as tested by intended users)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelR Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.7-99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1058/1082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7-98.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>439/453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9-98.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5-99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031/1037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Coronavirus (seasonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101/102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7-99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000/1013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8-99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.3-99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381/388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel March 05, 2024 Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelR Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Human metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1114/1114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.7-99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>451/451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Human rhinovirus/enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345/348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5-99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>695/767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3-92.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>439/454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6-98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Influenza A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0-99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>423/423</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Influenza A virus A/H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31/32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450/450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Influenza A virus A/H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>455/455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Influenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1110/1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Parainfluenza virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1006/1017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1-99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116/118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0-99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359/366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1-99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7-99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1086/1088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440/447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8-99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Bordetella parapertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1110/1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.5-99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27/28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.3-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452/456</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452/454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33/33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446/451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4-99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

Table 3. R/ST Panel Performance Summary for TS Specimens (Sore Throat Menu; as tested by intended users)a   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelST Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP +FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2-96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>798/810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4-99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3-94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.4-96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>380/381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Coronavirus (seasonal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.7-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>826/833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3-99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129/130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8-99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301/301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human metapneumovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.7-96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>858/858</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5-100%</td></tr></table>

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel March 05, 2024 Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelST Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.8-96.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382/382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Human rhinovirus/enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202/213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0-97.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619/662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4-95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1-99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>840/840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.1-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332/332</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A virus A/H1-2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>863/863</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>717</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46/46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379/379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A virus A/H3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23/23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>852/852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51/51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>378/378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872/872</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3-98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333/333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0-98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>821/823</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122/128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2-97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303/303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0-95.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>849/851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381/381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875/875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381/381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875/875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.5-98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381/381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Streptococcus dysgalactiaeGroup C/G Strep)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>843/847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.1-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>837/843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes(Group A Strep)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209/217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9-98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654/660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0-99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174/177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654/692</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6-96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8-99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

a The performance measures of sensitivity and specificity only refer to the Prospective and Archived Streptococcus analytes for which culture was used as the reference method. Performance measures of PPA and NPA refer to all other analytes, for which molecular assays or known specimen composition were used as comparator methods.

# Analytical Performance Characteristics

Bench performance (analytical) testing for the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel was designed to validate the performance of all analytes and to support testing of both sample types, NPS and TS specimens. Table 4 provides an overall summary of the analytical studies, their results, and conclusions.

Table 4. Summary of Bench Performance (Analytical) Testing for the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptance Criteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Storage andHandling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to establish thataccurate test results areobserved for allSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelanalytes, including sorethroat-specific bacteriathat had not beenpreviously evaluated,when throat swab (TS)specimens in Amiesmedia (TSa) are storedwithin the same range ofstorage conditionspreviously validated fornasopharyngeal swab(NPS) specimens in liquidmedia.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the storage conditionto be consideredacceptable for eachorganism, 100% expectedpositive results wererequired to be observedin all samples tested. Inaddition, crossing point(Cp) values wereevaluated for eachrelevant assay andtrended across theconditions to assessanalyte stability over time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive results wereobserved in 100% of allTSa samples tested at allconditions evaluated forall SPOTFIRE R/STPanel analytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel provides accurateresults when TSspecimens are stored inAmies media for up to 4hours at ambienttemperature (15-25 C),up to 3 days atrefrigerated temperature(2-8 °), and up to 30days at frozentemperature (≤ -15 °C).Similar results werepreviously observed withNPS specimens stored intransport media.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to determine theLimit of Detection (LoD)for all analytes detectedby the SPÓTFIRE R/STPanel in two commonliquid media, ViralTransport Media (VTM)and Amies media. Inaddition, testing wasperformed to assesswhether the presence ofmultiple organisms in asample has an impact onthe ability of the panel todetect low level analytescompared to samplescontaining only oneorganism.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LoD for eachSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelanalyte was confirmedwhen positive resultswere reported in at least95% (≥19/20) ofreplicates tested at theLoD (1× LoD), and fewerthan 95% (≤18/20) ofreplicates tested at aconcentration 10-foldbelow LoD (0.1x LoD).Equivalent detection ofrepresentative analytes insingle analyte and multi-analyte samples wasdetermined primarilybased on concordance ofpositive or negativeresults at each testconcentration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LoD concentrationsfor the SPOTFIRE R/STPanel analytes wereconfirmed in viable orinfectious units (e.g.TCID50/mL, CFU/mL,cells/mL, IFU/mL,CEID50/mL, CCU/mL)and/or nucleic acidcopies/mL. The panelaccurately detectedviruses and bacteria insamples contrived ineither VTM or Amiesmedia containing one ormultiple organisms.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LoD was determinedfor each analyte detectedby the SPOTFIRE R/STPanel in VTM and/orAmies media, whereappropriate, for theRespiratory and SoreThroat menus,respectively. TheSPOTFIRE R/ST panelprovides accuratedetection results for allanalytes in single orpolymicrobial specimenswhen present at or abovethe LoD. No adverseeffect on the analyticalsensitivity of theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelwas observed whenevaluating multi-analytespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Inclusivity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to evaluate theanalytical reactivity(inclusivity) of theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelassays.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The primary dataevaluated for this studywere the reportedpositive, negative, anduncertain results. Theassay reactivity of eachisolate was confirmed ifpositive results werereported for theappropriate analyte in 3/3or 4/5 replicates testedwithin 10x LoD. If positiveresults were reported infewer than 4/5 replicates,additional testing wasperformed at 100x LoD orhigher. Isolates that didnot yield the expectedresults at or below 10xLoD were furtherinvestigated to determinethe cause of thelimitation. Isolates withreactivity limitations willbe noted in theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelproduct literature.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical reactivitytesting demonstrated thatthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel can detect andaccurately report resultsfor a diverse collection ofisolates from a variety ofstrains, serotypes, andgenotypes of speciescollected over manyyears and fromgeographically distinctlocations with fewlimitations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel detected andaccurately reportedresults for variousspecies, subspecies,serotypes, and genotypesthat may be present innasopharyngeal andthroat swab specimens.The following limitationson reactivity wereidentified and are noted inthe device labeling:The SPOTFIRER/ST Panel isintended to detectstrains ofStreptococcusdysgalactiae ssp.Equisimilis of humanorigin. Strains ofanimal origin lack theregion of thegenome targeted bythe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel.Rare strains ofStreptococcuspyogenes do notcontain the region ofthe genome targetedby the SPOTFIRER/ST Panel and arenot detected.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Specificity(Exclusivity)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The objective of this studywas toassess theanalytical     specificity(exclusivity)   of  theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panel bychallenging the systemwith high concentrationsof analytes and evaluatingthe   occurrence   ofunexpected     positiveresults due to assaycross-reactivity. Testingwas divided into twocategories: on-panel andoff-panel. The on-panelexclusivity    evaluationassessed the potential forintra-panel       cross-reactivity  by  testingrepresentative organismsthat are targeted by thepanel.The off-panelexclusivity    evaluationassessed the potential forcross-reactivity of panelassays with organisms notdetected by the panel.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The primary resultsevaluated for this studywere positive, negative,and uncertaininterpretations for eachpanel analyte. On-panelorganisms were expectedto have a positive resultfor the analyte beingtested and negativeresults for all otheranalytes targeted by thepanel. Off-panelorganisms were expectedto have negative resultsfor all panel analytes,unless otherwiseindicated.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Six cross-reactivities wereidentified by empiricaland/or in silico evaluationsthat are predicted to causeinaccurate test results forthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel.identified         cross-reactivities are either dueto reactivitybetweenphylogenetic     near-neighbors that are rarelyobserved inhumansamples, or reactivity withgenomic insertions sharedbetween select species ofthe same genus. Only onecross-reactivity(HRV/EVassay   with   selectBordetella species) wasdue  to   non-specificinteractions    betweenassay   primers  andsequenceswithinthegenomeof unrelatedorganisms.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel assays are specificfor the intended analytes,with the followinglimitations that are notedin the device labeling:The SARS-CoV-2assays can amplifyselect sequencesfrom closely relatedsarbecovirusesisolated from batsand pangolin.Some strains of B.bronchisepticacontain IS1001insertion sequencesand will be reportedas Bordetellaparapertussis.•   Some Bordetellaspecies (B.pertussis, B.parapertussis, and B.bronchiseptica) willbe reported asHumanrhinovirus/enterovirus when organisms</td></tr></table>

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel March 05, 2024 Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>concentration.The FluA-H1-2009assay may react withthe H1hemagglutinin genesequences frominfluenza A virusesof swine origin.Some bovine andcaninepicornaviruses maybe reported asHuman rhinovirus/enterovirus.Chlamydiagallinacea may bereported asChlamydiapneumoniae.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference(InterferingSubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The purpose of this studywas to evaluate thepotential for relevantsubstances to interferewith the performance ofthe assay internalcontrols or the ability ofthe system to accuratelyreport test results whenanalytes were presentnear the LoD. Substancestested included:•Endogenoussubstances that may befound in clinicalspecimens.•Exogenous substancesthat may be present inclinical specimens,such as medications,treatments, or topicalapplications.Technique-specific thatcould contactspecimens duringcollection or testing.•Microorganisms thatcould be present aspart of normalmicrobiota or as aninfectious organism.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The primary resultsevaluated for this studywere the pass, fail, orinvalid results for theinternal pouch controlassays and analytepositive and negativeresults.If an unexpected result orcontrol failure wasobserved for one replicateof a sample containing apotentially interferingsubstance, the affectedsample was retested intwo additional pouches todetermine if the failurewas reproducible.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accurate results for theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelwere reported in thepresence of a variety ofpotentially interferingsubstances that may bepresent in clinical NPS orTS specimens(endogenous substancesor microorganisms) orcould be introducedduring testing (exogenoussubstances or techniquespecific substances).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel provides accurateresults in the presence ofvarious potentiallyinterfering substances.Although the samplesevaluated in this studywere not affected by thedamaging effects ofbleach on nucleic acids, ageneral warning to avoidcontact between samplesand bleach is noted in thedevice labeling.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near-LoD/Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The purpose of this studywas to evaluate theprecision (reproducibility)of analyte detection bythe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel and to demonstratethat the SPOTFIRE R/STPanel could reproduciblyprovide accurate resultsfor weak-positive and</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The primary resultsevaluated for this studywere positive andnegative results for eachSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelanalyte. For allorganisms, a minimum of90% agreement with theexpected positive resultswas required (≥95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For positive samples,agreement with theexpected positive results(all systems/sites) was≥95% for all analytes.The agreement with theexpected negative results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel provides accurateand reproducible analytedetection results overtime and in actual useconditions when testingwas performed overmultiple days, byoperators with differinglevels of expertise, at</td></tr></table>

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel March 05, 2024 Dual 510(k) and CLIA Waiver BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptance Criteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">negative samples whenused by the intendedoperators at CLIA-waivedsites This study wasperformed on threeunique SPOTFIRESystems at BioFireDiagnostics (BioFire) andat three distinct clinicalsites holding a CLIAwaiver.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement desired) todemonstrate thereproducibility of positiveresults, and a minimum of95% agreement with theexpected negative resultswas required.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">was 100% for allanalytes.The total positiveagreement reported fortesting completed atBioFire and at clinicalsites was nearly identical(99.1% (2052/2070) and98.9% (1365/1380),respectively) whichdemonstrates theaccuracy andreproducibility of results inthe hands of both trainedand untrained operators,respectively, andindicates that the useconditions or variablesevaluated in the study(site, system, testing day,module, operator, and lot)had no impact on theoverall reproducibility ofresults.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">different sites, usingdifferent SpotFireSystems and differentreagent kit lots. Takentogether, the results ofthis study support use ofthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel and SPOTFIRESystem at sites that holda CLIA Certificate ofWaiver.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix Validation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to verify the artificialmatrices to be used forevaluation of theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panel.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent performancebetween the artificial andnatural sample matriceswas determined primarilybased on agreement ofpositive and negativeresults at each testconcentration. Artificialand natural matrices wereconsidered equivalent ifnegative results wereobserved at the same orsimilar test concentration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance of theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelwas determined to beequivalent in natural andartificial NPS (nNS andaNS) and in natural andartificial throat swab (nTSand aTS) matrices for fiverepresentative panelanalytes. In all cases,negative results wereobserved in artificial andnatural matrices at thesame or similar testconcentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent results areachieved when samplesare prepared in naturaland artificial NPS ornatural and artificial TSmatrices and tested withthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel. The results of thisstudy demonstrated thatthe artificial NPS andartificial TS matrices wereacceptable for use inanalytical evaluation ofSPOTFIRE R/ST Panelperformance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport MediaValidation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to verify that varioustypes of transport mediaare compatible with theSPOTFIRE R/ST Panel,including BD™M UniversalViral Transport (BDMedical), and RemelMicroTest™ M4RT® Multi-Microbe Media(ThermoFisher).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The primary metric for thedetermination ofcompatibility was percentagreement, between thecandidate medium andthe control medium (CDCVTM formulation) for eachspiked analyte at eachtest concentration. If theoverall agreement was100% when testing abovethe LoD and ≥95% whentesting at the LoD, thenthe candidate mediumwas determined to becompatible. It wasacceptable for theagreement to be less than95% when testing belowthe LoD.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent analytedetection was observedfor all representativeanalytes when sampleswere prepared in each ofthe candidate mediatypes (BD™ UniversalViral Transport, andRemel MicroTest™MM4RT® Multi-MicrobeMedia) compared to thecontrol medium (CDCVTM).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel demonstratedequivalent results whensamples were prepared inViral Transport Media,BD™M Universal ViralTransport, and RemelMicroTest™M M4RT® Multi-Microbe Media. Thesetransport media areindicated in the productlabeling as suitable foruse with the SPOTFIRER/ST Panel.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Carry Over</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to evaluate thelikelihood of sample-to-sample carry-over duringpouch loading and testingof contrived liquidsamples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negativeanalyte results wereevaluated for eachsample. For positivesamples, a positive resultwas expected for theanalyte being tested andnegative results wereexpected for all otheranalytes on the panel.Negative samples wereexpected to have anegative result for allanalytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No unexpected positiveresults were observed inthis study.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This study demonstratedthat sample-to-samplecarry-over betweensamples containing highconcentrations oforganism and negativesamples is unlikely tooccur and that carry-overposes an acceptable riskto the accuracy of theSPOTFIRE R/ST Paneltest results when testingis performed according tothe instructions for use.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The fundamental scientific technology, performance, and risk of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel are unchanged from the legally marketed SPOTFIRE R Panel. There is no change to the product itself, except for modified software that has been verified and validated to show no change in safety and effectiveness. Therefore, the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel performs as well as the predicate device.