bioMerieux, Inc   
Jared Bronson   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Rd.   
Hazelwood, Missouri 63042

Re: K232201 Trade/Device Name: VITEK 2 AST-Streptococcus Penicillin $( < = 0 . 0 6 - > = 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ), VITEK 2 Streptococcus Penicillin $( < = 0 . 0 6 - > = 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ ), VITEK 2 Streptococcus Penicillin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON, LTW, LTT Dated: July 20, 2023 Received: July 25, 2023

Dear Jared Bronson:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

# Sincerely, Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABBM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Device Name

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 \ \mu \bf { g } / m L )$

Indications for Use (Describe)

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Streptococcus species and is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin is a quantitative test. Penicillin has been shown to be active against most strains of the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Beta hemolytic Streptococci groups C and G   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus viridans group   
Streptococcus pneumoniae

The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the $\mathrm { V I T E K } ^ { \otimes } 2$ Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Streptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and Viridans Streptococcus to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin $( \leq \mathbf { 0 . 0 6 - } \geq 8 \ \mu \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { m L } )$ )

# 510(k) Submission Information:

Submitter’s Name: Address:

Contact Person:

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042   
Jared Bronson   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 314-201-8799   
314-731-8689   
June 12, 2023

Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name:

Formal/Trade Name: Classification Name:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$   
21 CFR 866.1645   
Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle   
Antimicrobial Susceptibility System   
Product Code: LON, LTT, LTW

Common Name:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin

C. Predicate Device:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 \ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ (K112000)

# D. Device Description:

The principle of the VITEK® 2 AST cards is based on the microdilution minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) technique reported by MacLowry and Marsh(1) and Gerlach(2). The VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 AST card is essentially a miniaturized, abbreviated and automated version of the doubling dilution technique(3).

Each VITEK® 2 AST card contains 64 wells. A control well which only contains microbiological culture media is resident on all cards. The remaining wells contain premeasured portions of a specific antibiotic combined with culture media. The bacterial or yeast isolate to be tested is diluted to a standardized concentration with $0 . 4 5 - 0 . 5 \%$ saline before being used to rehydrate the antimicrobial medium within the card. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ System automatically fills, seals and places the card into the incubator/reader. The ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Compact has a manual filling, sealing and loading operation. The VITEK® 2 Systems monitor the growth of each well in the card over a defined period of time. At the completion of the incubation cycle, a report is generated that contains the MIC value along with the interpretive category result for each antibiotic contained on the card.

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Streptococcus Penicillin has the following concentrations in the card: 0.06, 0.12, 0.5, and $2 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (equivalent standard method concentration by efficacy in $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ ).

# E. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The similarities and differences of the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Streptococcus Penicillin when compared to the predicate device, ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \mathbb { B } } 2$ Streptococcus Penicillin (K112000), are described in the following table. There is no difference between the new device and the predicate device.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device and PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K112000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK ® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillinis designed for antimicrobialsusceptibility testing of Gram-positive microorganisms and isintended for use with the VITEK® 2and VITEK® 2 Compact Systems asa laboratory aid in the determinationof in vitro susceptibility toantimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2Streptococcus Penicillin is aquantitative test.The VITEK® 2 StreptococcusSusceptibility Card is intended foruse with the VITEK® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofStreptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin isdesigned for antimicrobialsusceptibility testing of Gram-positivemicroorganisms and is intended foruse with the VITEK® 2 and VITEK®2 Compact Systems as a laboratory aidin the determination of in vitrosusceptibility to antimicrobial agents.VITEK 2 Gram Positive Penicillin is aquantitative test.The VITEK® 2 StreptococcusSusceptibility Card is intended for usewith the VITEK® 2 Systems inclinical laboratories as an in vitro testto determine the susceptibility ofStreptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and ViridansStreptococcus to antimicrobial agents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viridans Streptococcus toantimicrobial agents when used asinstructed.Penicillin has been shown to beactive against most strains of themicroorganisms listed below,according to the FDA label for thisantimicrobial.Active both in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Beta hemolytic Streptococci groupsC and GStreptococcus pyogenesStreptococcus agalactiaeStreptococcus viridans groupStreptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">when used as instructed.Penicillin has an antimicrobial activityagainst the microorganisms listedbelow, according to the FDA label forthis antimicrobial.Active in vitro and in clinicalinfections:Beta hemolytic Streptococci groups Cand GStreptococcus pyogenesStreptococcus agalactiaeStreptococcus viridans groupStreptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative antimicrobialsusceptibility test for use with theVITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems to determine the in vitrosusceptibility of microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimicrobial Agent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saline suspension of organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus (AST-ST) SusceptibilityCard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Algorithms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Discriminant Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 CompactSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06, 0.12, 0.5, 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Breakpoints</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• S. pneumoniae (non-meningitis) [≤2/4/≥8]• S. pneumoniae (meningitis) [≤0.06/-/≥0.12]Viridans Streptococci [≤0.12/ 0.25-2/≥4]Beta-hemolytic Streptococcus[≤0.12/ - / -]•S. pneumoniae (oral/non-meningitis) [≤0.06/ 0.12-1/≥2]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• S. pneumoniae (non-meningitis) [≤2 /4/≥8]• S. pneumoniae (meningitis) [≤0.06/ -/≥0.12]•Viridans Streptococci [≤0.12/ 0.25-2/≥4]Beta-hemolytic Streptococcus[≤0.12/ - / -]S. pneumoniae (oral) [none]</td></tr></table>

# F. Intended Use:

${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ Streptococcus Penicillin is designed for antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Gram positive microorganisms and is intended for use with the ${ \mathrm { V I T E K } } ^ { \textregistered } 2$ and VITEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 COMPACT Systems as a laboratory aid in the determination of in vitro susceptibility to antimicrobial agents. VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin is a quantitative test. Penicillin has been shown to be active against the microorganisms listed below, according to the FDA label for this antimicrobial.

Active both in vitro and in clinical infections:   
Beta hemolytic Streptococci groups C and G   
Streptococcus pyogenes   
Streptococcus agalactiae   
Streptococcus viridans group   
Streptococcus pneumoniae

The VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin Susceptibility Card is intended for use with the VITEK® 2 Systems in clinical laboratories as an in vitro test to determine the susceptibility of Streptococcus pneumoniae, beta-hemolytic Streptococcus, and Viridans Streptococcus to antimicrobial agents when used as instructed.

# G. Performance Overview and Conclusion:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin demonstrated substantially equivalent performance when compared with the broth microdilution reference method, as defined in the FDA Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems; Guidance for Industry and FDA (Issued August 28, 2009).

The Premarket Notification (PMA) presents data in support of VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin. An external evaluation was conducted with fresh and stock clinical isolates, as well as a set of challenge strains. The external evaluations were designed to confirm the acceptability of VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin by comparing its performance with the CLSI broth microdilution reference method incubated at 16-20 hrs. The data is representative of performance on both the VITEK® 2 and VITEK® 2 Compact instrument platforms.

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin $( \leq 0 . 0 6 - \geq 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ demonstrated acceptable performance as presented in Table 2 below:

VITEK® 2 Streptococcus Penicillin Traditional 510(k) Submission   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Antimicrobial</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntimicrobialCode</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AntibioticVersion</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bp1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Essential Agreement Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Category Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>% Error</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Penicillin</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>(p01n)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>CLSI FDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStreo-coccuspneu-moniae(non-meningitis).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(342/35097.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(323/350)92.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/304)0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(27/350)7.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStrepto-coccuspneu-moniae(oral).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(342/350)97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(314/350)89.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/94)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/189)0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(36/350)10.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStrepto-coccuspneu-moniae(meningitis).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(342/350)97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(342/350)97.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(2/161)1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(6/189)3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EStreptococcusViridans group(exceptStreptococcuspneumoniae).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(385/391)98.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(368/391)94.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/15)00.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/2680.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(23/391)5.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#, EBeta-hemoly- ticStrepto-coccus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(833/833)100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(833/833100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/0)00.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0/8330.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility and Quality Control demonstrated acceptable results.

# H. References:

1. MacLowry, J.D. and Marsh, H.H., Semi-automatic Microtechnique for Serial Dilution Antibiotic Sensitivity Testing in the Clinical laboratory, Journal of Laboratory Clinical Medicine, 72:685- 687, 1968.   
2. Gerlach, E.H., Microdilution 1: A Comparative Study, p. 63-76. Current Techniques for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing. A. Balows (ed.), Charles C. Thomas, Springfield, IL,1974.   
3. Barry, A.L., The Antimicrobic Susceptibility Test, Principles and Practices, Lea and Febiger, Philadelphia, PA, 1976.