Genetic Signatures Limited   
Neralie Coulston   
Global Head, Regulatory Affairs   
7 Eliza Street   
Newtown, NSW 2042   
Australia

Re: K232672 Trade/Device Name: EasyScreen Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCH, OOI Dated: April 28, 2024 Received: April 29, 2024

Dear Neralie Coulston:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled “Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device” (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and “Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device” (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232672

Device Name EasyScreenm Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Genetic Signatures EasyScreenTM Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit is a rapid in vitro nucleic acid amplification assay for the qualitative detection of pathogenic gastrointestinal parasite nucleic acid from the stool of patients with signs and/or symptoms of gastroenteritis. The test, based on real-time PCR, detects the nucleic acid of the following organisms:

\* Cryptosporidium spp. \* Giardia intestinalis \* Dientamoeba fragilis \* Entamoeba histolytica \* Blastocystis hominis \* Enterocytozoon bieneusi \* Encephalitozoon intestinalis \* Cyclospora cayetanensis

The kit is compatible with stool specimens that are unpreserved or frozen or in transport media including Cary Blair or C&S media from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis. It is required that the stool is first processed using the EasyScreenTM Sample Processing Kit. Nucleic acid extraction and real-time PCR set up are performed on the automated Genetic Signatures GS1 platform.

The EasyScreenTM Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit includes all reagents required to detect the specific protozoan gene sequences using real-time PCR amplification of the extracted nucleic acids and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified nucleic acid. The EasyScreen TM Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection kit also incorporates an Extraction Control (EC) and an Internal Positive Control (IPC) to ensure the reliability of the extracted nucleic acid and to detect the presence of any inhibitors, respectively.

This device is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) intended to be used by trained personnel in clinical, pathology or hospital laboratories as an aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal illness. This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of infections by Dientamoeba fragilis, Blastocystis hominis, Enterocytozoon bieneusi, Cyclospora cayetanensis, Entamoeba histolytica, Encephalitozoon intestinalis, Cryptosporidium spp. (including C. hominis and C. parvum), and Giardia intestinalis. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not indicate the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY K232672

# 1 GENERAL INFORMATION

Submitted by: Genetic Signatures Limited, 7 Eliza Street Newtown, NSW 2042, Australia

Contact Person:

Neralie Coulston   
Phone: $+ 6 1$ 2 9870 7580   
Email: neralie.coulston@geneticsignatures.com

# Date Prepared

May $2 7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2024

# Proposed Device

Trade and Common Name:

EasyScreen™ PCR Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit

Product Code(s):

PCH (Class 2) – Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay

C.F.R. Section:

866.3990

Classification Panel/Medical Specialty:

Microbiology

Device Class:

Class II

# Predicate Device

BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel (EPP)

Predicate Device: Predicate 510(k): Predicate Product Code(s):

K143648

PCH (Class 2) – Gastrointestinal Pathogen Panel Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay

Predicate C.F.R. Section:

866.3990

Predicate Classification Panel/Medical Specialty:

Microbiology

Predicate Device Class:

Class II

# 2 DEVICE DESCRIPTION

# 2.1 Device Details

The EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit (EP005) is designed to simultaneously identify 8 potential pathogens of the gastrointestinal tract, from human stool samples. The device is only compatible with nucleic acids prepared using an EasyScreen™ Sample Processing Kit (SP008B).

A stool sample from a patient suspected of having gastroenteritis (usually liquid or soft stool) is collected and transported to the testing laboratory. A portion of the stool material is taken using a swab or pipette and processed with the EasyScreen™ Sample Processing Kit (SP008B), which lyses cells and converts the nucleic acid to a 3base™ form.

An aliquot of purified eluate is then added to the PCR reagents supplied in the EP005 kit, which selectively amplify the genetic targets of Cryptosporidium spp., Giardia intestinalis, Entamoeba histolytica, Dientamoeba fragilis, Blastocystis hominis, Enterocytozoon bieneusi, Encephalitozoon intestinalis and Cyclospora cayetanensis. The reaction mix is manufactured to detect an Extraction Control (EC) and features an incorporated Internal Positive Control (IPC) to determine the reliability of the extracted nucleic acid and to detect the presence of any inhibitors after extraction from the primary sample.

Amplified targets are detected with probes labeled with fluorophores as detected by the real-time PCR platform. The PCR amplification takes approximately 150 minutes, depending on the PCR platform used. A positive control is included to ascertain that the detection reagents and analyzer are functioning correctly.

The detection channels for the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit are shown in Table 1 below.

Table 1. Protozoan Targets Detected in Each Fluorescent Channel. Note: spp. $\mathbf { \equiv } =$ species.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Channel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Mix A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Mix B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Mix C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Channel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dientamoeba fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterocytozoonbieneusi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Channel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Channel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporacayetanensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoebahistolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalitozoonintestinalis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Channel 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not used</td></tr></table>

The amplified nucleic acid targets are detected by probes labeled with fluorophores, as detected by the real-time PCR platform. If no amplification occurs for a given target, then there will not be any significant increase in fluorescence. Each probe fluoresces at a given wavelength and the signals are measured and distinguished from each other by the real-time PCR platform. The realtime PCR software interprets all data collection and provides the information for automated or manual result analysis. The assay is semi-automated.

# 2.2 Reagents

The EP005 kit contains 10 tubes of each panel (including 5 PCR components and 5 PCR mastermix), 3 tubes of Reverse Transcription Reagent and 5 tubes of Gastrointestinal Parasite Positive Control. The device should be stored at -15 to $\yen 25$ .

# 2.3 Intended Use

The Genetic Signatures EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit is a rapid in vitro nucleic acid amplification assay for the qualitative detection of pathogenic gastrointestinal parasite nucleic acid from the stool of patients with signs and/or symptoms of gastroenteritis. The test, based on real-time PCR, detects the nucleic acid of the following organisms:

• Cryptosporidium spp. Giardia intestinalis Dientamoeba fragilis Entamoeba histolytica Blastocystis hominis Enterocytozoon bieneusi Encephalitozoon intestinalis • Cyclospora cayetanensis

The kit is compatible with stool specimens that are unpreserved or frozen or in transport media including Cary Blair or C&S media from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis. It is required that the stool is first processed using the EasyScreen Sample Processing Kit. Nucleic acid extraction and real-time PCR set up are performed on the automated Genetic Signatures GS1 platform.

The EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit includes all reagents required to detect the specific protozoan gene sequences using real-time PCR amplification of the extracted nucleic acids and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified nucleic acid. The EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit also incorporates an Extraction Control (EC) and an Internal Positive Control (IPC) to ensure the reliability of the extracted nucleic acid and to detect the presence of any inhibitors, respectively.

This device is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) intended to be used by trained personnel in clinical, pathology or hospital laboratories as an aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal illness. This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of infections by Dientamoeba fragilis, Blastocystis hominis, Enterocytozoon bieneusi, Cyclospora cayetanensis, Entamoeba histolytica, Encephalitozoon intestinalis, Cryptosporidium spp. (including C. hominis and C. parvum), and Giardia intestinalis. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not indicate the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

# 2.4 Substantial Equivalence Device Comparison

The device with substantial equivalence to EP005 that was selected is the BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel, 510(k) K143648, manufactured by Becton Dickenson, Franklin Lakes, NJ. Both

the proposed device and the predicate device have similar intended uses and technological characteristics. The proposed EP005 assay is compared to the predicate assay in Table 2 below.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2. Comparison of EP005 vs BD Max EPP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MAX™ Enteric Parasite Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EasyScreen™ GastrointestinalParasite Detection Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BD MAX Enteric Parasite Panelperformed on the BD MAX System is anautomated in vitro diagnostic test for thedirect qualitative detection of entericparasitic pathogens. The BD MAXEnteric Parasite Panel detects nucleicacids from:Giardia lambliaCryptosporidium (C. hominis and C.parvum only)Entamoeba histolyticaTesting is performed on unpreserved or10% formalin-fixed stool specimens fromsymptomatic patients with suspectedgastroenteritis, enteritis or colitis. Theassay is intended to aid in the diagnosisof gastrointestinal infection when used inconjunction with clinical evaluation andother laboratory findings. The test isperformed directly on the specimen,utilizing real-time polymerase chainreaction (PCR) for the amplification ofspecific targets. The test utilizesfluorogenic gene-specific hybridizationprobes for detection of the amplifiedDNA.This test is intended for use, inconjunction with clinical presentation,laboratory findings, and epidemiologicalinformation, as an aid in the differentialdiagnosis of Giardia lamblia,Cryptosporidium hominis and C.parvum, as well as Entamoebahistolytica infections. Results of this testshould not be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment, or other patientmanagement decision. Positive resultsdo not rule out co-infection with otherorganisms that are not detected by thistest, and may not be the sole ordefinitive cause of patient illness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Genetic SignaturesEasyScreen™ GastrointestinalParasite Detection Kit is a rapid invitro nucleic acid amplification assayfor the qualitative detection ofpathogenic gastrointestinal parasitenucleic acid from the stool ofpatients with signs and/or symptomsof gastroenteritis. The test, basedon real-time PCR, detects thenucleic acid of the followingorganisms:Cryptosporidium spp.Giardia intestinalisDientamoeba fragilisEntamoeba histolyticaBlastocystis hominisEnterocytozoon bieneusiEncephalitozoon intestinalisCyclospora cayetanensisThe kit is compatible with stoolspecimens that are unpreserved orfrozen or in transport mediaincluding Cary Blair or C&amp;S mediafrom symptomatic patients withsuspected gastroenteritis. It isrequired that the stool is firstprocessed using the EasyScreen ™Sample Processing Kit. Nucleicacid extraction and real-time PCRset up are performed on theautomated Genetic Signatures GS1platform.The EasyScreen ™Gastrointestinal ParasiteDetection Kit includes all reagentsrequired to detect the specificprotozoan gene sequences usingreal-time PCR amplification of theextracted nucleic acids andfluorogenic target-specific</td></tr><tr><td>Feature Predicate</td><td>Device</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by</td><td>hybridization probes for the detection of the amplified nucleic acid. The EasyScreen™</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.</td><td>Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit also incorporates an Extraction Control (EC) and an Internal Positive Control (IPC) to ensure the reliability of the extracted nucleic acid and to detect the presence of any inhibitors, respectively. This device is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) intended to be used by trained personnel in clinical, pathology or hospital laboratories as an aid in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal illness. This test is intended for use, in conjunction with clinical presentation, laboratory findings, and epidemiological information, as an aid in the differential diagnosis of infections by Dientamoeba fragilis, Blastocystis hominis, Enterocytozoon bieneusi, Cyclospora cayetanensis, Entamoeba histolytica, Encephalitozoon intestinalis, Cryptosporidium spp. (including C. hominis and C. parvum), and Giardia intestinalis. Results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decision. Positive results do not rule out co- infection with other organisms that are not detected by this test, and may not indicate the sole or definitive cause of patient illness. Negative results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with</td></tr><tr><td>SIMILARITIES</td><td></td><td>gastroenteritis and/or colitis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non- infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn's disease.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DescribedintendedPurpose ofdevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detects nucleic acids of enteric parasiticpathogens from the stool samples ofpatients with symptoms ofgastrointestinal infection as an aid in thediagnosis of gastrointestinal illness.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic acids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex nucleic acid amplification anddetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Targetorganismnucleic aciddetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia lambliaCryptosporidium hominis and C.parvumEntamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretationof test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated (BD MAX™ Systemdiagnostic software)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated via a validated macro-enabled Excel sheet.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenTypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unpreserved and preserved stool (seebelow for differences in thepreservatives used)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis* platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MAX System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Life Technologies QuantStudio ™Dx or Applied Biosystems® 7500Fast Dx</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Additional TargetsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">none</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dientamoeba fragilisBlastocystis hominis.Enterocytozoon bieneusiEncephalitozoon intestinalisCyclospora cayetanensis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh stool10% formalin-fixed stool specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh and frozen stoolStool in Cary Blair/C&amp;S</td></tr></table>

\*The analysis platforms are manufactured by different suppliers with the predicate device using the BD MAX™ system and the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal parasite kit using the Life Technologies QuantStudio™ Dx or Applied Biosystems $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 7500 Fast Dx, these perform the same function in terms of detecting an increase in fluorescence during amplification.

The differences noted above add extra sample types and target organisms, thereby increasing the breadth of the test’s utility, while operating under the same Intended Use.

# 3 SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE TESTING

# 3.1 Overview of Analytical Performance Studies

Analytical studies were performed to establish functional parameters for the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit in accordance with the FDA’s Class II Special Controls Guideline: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assays for Detection and

Identification of Microorganisms and Toxin Genes from Human Stool Specimens (issued November 2, 2015). The following studies were performed, and reports were submitted along with study protocol, line data, and summary of analysis.

# (a) Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity (Limit of Detection / LoD) of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit was established for all targets in a matrix of either unpreserved confirmed negative stool or Cary Blair media. All samples were evaluated following the device’s Instructions for Use. For each target, LoD was established with a minimum of twenty (20) extraction replicates using two (2) different target isolates (or two (2) strains/genotype, where available) and is expressed as organisms (org/mL) or genome copy number (copies/mL) per mL of sample, where one organism is defined as one (1) haploid genome, determined by digital PCR or quantitative PCR for either the 18S rRNA gene, or a single-copy gene target, and where necessary, divided by the published 18S rRNA gene copy number for that organism.

LoD is defined as the lowest concentration at which $2 9 5 \%$ of all replicates are expected to test positive. For any given target, the LoD acceptance criteria were set at $2 9 5 \%$ detection of the specified target AND ${\tt< } 9 5 \%$ detection at 0.5X LoD. LoD studies showed comparable performance with minimal variability observed between LoD values obtained across different isolates, PCR analyzers (AB 7500DX or QSDX) and EP005 reagent batches with all targets showing an LoD within a $\pm 2 \cdot$ -fold dilution across all variables. The final LoD for each organism was defined for each sample matrix as the lowest concentration tested meeting the LoD criteria when results were combined for all instruments and kit lots tested (see Table 3).

Table 3. Analytical Sensitivity (LoD) results for EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit target analytes in different matrices:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ReagentPanel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LoD (analyzers: QSDX and 7500DX)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>unpreserved stool matrix(org/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cary Blair matrix(org/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dientamoeba fragilis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium parvum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7723</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blastocystis hominis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>981</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterocytozoon bieneusi</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Encephalitozoon intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td></tr></table>

# (b) Multisite Reproducibility

The precision of performance of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit amongst laboratories was evaluated with a site-to-site qualitative reproducibility study incorporating Study #1 at two US clinical sites and one in-house site outside the US (OUS) and Study #2 at another US clinical site and the OUS site. Study #1 evaluated four of the assay target organisms—namely, D. fragilis, C. parvum, E. bieneusi, and E. intestinalis—with two operators at each site for ten days. Study #2 evaluated remaining four of the assay targets—namely, C. cayetanensis, B. hominis, E. histolytica, and G. intestinalis— with three operators at each site for 5–7 days. For each indicated target organism, a sample panel was contrived by spiking an unpreserved negative stool matrix—a True Negative (TN) sample with no or undetectable target— with varying organism concentrations relative to the target’s pre-determined LoD, e.g., a Low Positive (LP) at 2X LoD and a Moderate Positive (MP) at 4X LoD.

In Study #1, the negative samples were tested in triplicate by two operators at each of three sites for ten extraction runs, resulting in a total of 180 (i.e., $3 \times 2 \times 1 0 \times 3 )$ data points, whereas each positive panel member was tested in triplicate for each of five extraction runs, resulting in a total of 90 (i.e., $3 \times 2 \times 5 \times 3 \times 2 = 1 0 0$ data points per panel member. In Study $\# 2$ , for panel members B. hominis, E. histolytica, and $G .$ . intestinalis, the negative samples were tested in triplicate by three operators at each of the two sites, resulting in a total of 165 (i.e., $3 \times 1 2 \times 3 + 2 \times 2 \times 3 + 3 \times 5 \times 3$ ) data points, whereas positive samples were tested in triplicate for each run resulting in a total of 99 (i.e., $3 \times 5 \times 3 + 3 \times 6 \times 3 )$ data points per panel member. For C. cayetanensis, operational difficulties with sites resulted in a total of 102 (i.e., $3 \times 6 \times 3 + 2 \times 1 2 \times 2 )$ data points for member LP and 99 (i.e., $3 \times 5 \times 3 + 2 \times 1 \times 3 + 2 \times 1 2 \times 2 )$ data points for member MP.

Analyte-specific site-to-site qualitative reproducibility testing results from both studies are presented in Tables 4 and 5 below as percent agreement (Correct/Total) of tested valid samples with expected results (i.e., proportion of correctly estimated sample over total samples), along with the $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals. Samples testing invalid were excluded from analysis.

Table 4. Qualitative reproducibility (First study)   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2" colspan="2">Target and Sample</td><td colspan="2">Site 1 Correct</td><td colspan="2">Site 2</td><td colspan="2">Site 3</td><td colspan="2">Total</td><td colspan="2">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>%</td><td>IN</td><td>%</td><td>Correct IN</td><td>%</td><td>Correct IN</td><td>%</td><td>Correct IN</td><td>LL</td><td>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">D. fragilis</td><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(177/177)</td><td>97.94</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>LP</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(90/90)</td><td>95.98</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>MP</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(90/90)</td><td>95.98</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(177/177)</td><td>97.94</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">E. bieneusi</td><td>LP</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>00</td><td>30/30)</td><td>00</td><td>(29/29)</td><td>00</td><td>(89/89)</td><td>95.94</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>MP</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(90/90)</td><td>95.98</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(177/7)</td><td>97.94</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>LP</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(28/28)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>100</td><td>(88/88)</td><td>95.90</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">E. intestinalis</td><td>MP</td><td>96.4</td><td>(27/28)</td><td>100</td><td>(29/29)</td><td>100</td><td>(30/30)</td><td>98.9</td><td>(87/88)</td><td>93.83</td><td>99.97</td></tr><tr><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(59/59)</td><td>100</td><td>(177/177)</td><td>97.94</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>LP MP</td><td>100 100</td><td>30/0) (30/30)</td><td>100 100</td><td>(30/30) (29/29)</td><td>100 100</td><td>28/28) (30/30)</td><td>100 100</td><td>(88/88) (89/89)</td><td>95.90 95.94</td><td>100 100</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Qualitative reproducibility (Second study)   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2" colspan="2">Target and Sample</td><td colspan="2">Site 1</td><td colspan="2">Site 2</td><td colspan="2">Total</td><td colspan="2">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>%</td><td>Correct /N</td><td>%</td><td>Correct IN</td><td>%</td><td>Correct /N</td><td>LL</td><td>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">B. hominis</td><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(120/120)</td><td>100</td><td>(45/45)</td><td>100</td><td>(165/165)</td><td>97.79</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>LP</td><td>1100</td><td>(54/54)</td><td>100</td><td>(45/45)</td><td>100</td><td>(99/99)</td><td>96.34</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>MP</td><td>100</td><td>54//54</td><td>100</td><td>(45/45</td><td>100</td><td>(99/99)</td><td>96.34</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(120/120)</td><td></td><td>N/A</td><td>100</td><td>(120/120)</td><td>96.97</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>C. cayetanensis $</td><td>LP</td><td>97.1</td><td>(99/102)</td><td></td><td>N/A</td><td>97.1</td><td>(99/102)</td><td>91.64</td><td>99.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>MP</td><td>100</td><td>(99/99)</td><td></td><td>N/A</td><td>100</td><td>99/9)</td><td>96.34</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(120/120)</td><td>100</td><td>(45/45)</td><td>100</td><td>(165/165)</td><td>97.79</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>LP</td><td>100</td><td>54/54)</td><td>10</td><td>45/45)</td><td>100</td><td>9/99)</td><td>96.34</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">E. histolytica</td><td>MP</td><td>100</td><td>54/54</td><td>100</td><td>45/45</td><td>100</td><td> 9/99)</td><td>96.34</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>TN</td><td>100</td><td>(120/120)</td><td>100</td><td>(45/45)</td><td>100</td><td>(165/165)</td><td>97.79</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>LP MP</td><td>100 100</td><td>(54/54) (54/54)</td><td>100 100</td><td>(45/45) (45/45)</td><td>100 100</td><td>(99/99) (99/99)</td><td>96.34 96.34</td><td>100 100</td></tr></table>

§C. cayetanensis results are excluded from the site-to-site reproducibility considerations

For all targets evaluated at ${ > } 1$ sites (which excludes C. cayetanensis), the overall site-to-site qualitative reproducibility percent agreement was $100 \%$ for all targets at the Low Positive (2X

LoD) analyte level, as well as for all targets except C. parvum at the Medium Positive (4X LoD) analyte level. Overall detection of C. parvum at 4X LoD across all testing sites was at $9 8 . 9 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: 93.8–99.9). Within-site reproducibility for C. cayetanensis (tested twice at a single site) was $9 7 . 1 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: 91.64–99.39) for LP samples and $100 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: 96.3–100) for MP samples. All True Negative (TN) samples $( 1 0 0 \% )$ were correctly identified in these tests.

Therefore, the analysis of site-to-site qualitative reproducibility of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit showed acceptably consistent performance of the EP005 workflow across all test sites.

# (c) Analytical Specificity

Analytical Specificity or cross-reactivity of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit was established in a stepwise design.

# A. Whole organism/genome wet testing:

A total of 94 organisms—represented by culture isolates where available or purified nucleic acids as substitutes—along with seven different microbiological media were tested for cross-reactivity with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit. The isolates/nucleic acids were diluted in negative stool matrix to a range of $1 0 ^ { 6 } – 1 0 ^ { 9 }$ CFU or copies/mL (except of Entamoeba dispar which could not be procured at a sufficiently high concentration, or in a culturable form, to achieve the desired input concentration). The potential cross-reactants were tested in triplicate with acceptance criteria set at no detection to signify no cross-reactivity for any given target in Panels A–C of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit. In the organism or genome wet testing, no cross-reactivity was observed with the viral, fungal, bacterial, and protozoal microorganisms tested at the concentrations indicated in Table 6, except for three cross-reacting protozoa—all of which were predicted from the in silico alignments with their congeneric protozoa in Panels of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit:

i. Cryptosporidium muris (Strain Waterborne P104, tested at $6 . 2 5 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ organisms/mL), positive signal in Panel A.   
ii. Encephalitozoon cuniculi (ATCC 50789, tested at $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ organisms/mL), positive signal in Panel C, and   
iii. Encephalitozoon hellem (ATCC 50604, tested at $5 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ organisms/mL), positive signal in Panel C.

Table 6. Organisms with NO cross-reactivity observed in the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit Analytical Specificity Study.   

<table><tr><td>Organism; strain</td><td>ID details</td></tr><tr><td>Viruses (tested at 106-10 copies/mL) Coxsackie virus B5</td><td>Vircell MBC062-R</td></tr><tr><td>Cytomegalovirus Sapovirus Adenovirus Type 41 Astrovirus Bocavirus Enterovirus 71</td><td>Vircell MBC016 ATCC VR3237SD ATCC VR-930DQ ATCC VR-3238SD ATCC VR-3251SD ATCC VR-1775DQ</td></tr><tr><td>Norovirus G1 Norovirus G2</td><td>ATCC VR-3234SD ATCC VR-3235SD</td></tr><tr><td>Rotavirus A Adenovirus Type 5; Adenoid 75</td><td>ATCC VR-2018DQ ATCC VR-5D</td></tr><tr><td>Keister's Modified TYI-S-33 Giardia Medium</td><td>ATCC PRA-2695</td></tr><tr><td>Modified Reinforced Clostridial Medium</td><td>ATCC 2107</td></tr><tr><td>Soybean-Casein Digest Medium</td><td>ATCC 18</td></tr><tr><td>Supplemented Tryptic Soy Broth</td><td>ATCC 2722</td></tr><tr><td>Tryptic Soy Medium with 5% Defibrinated Sheep Blood</td><td>ATCC 260</td></tr><tr><td>Yeasts (tested at 0.5-1 x 107 CFU/mL)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td><td>ATCC MYA-796</td></tr><tr><td>Candida albicans</td><td>ATCC MYA-2876D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Bacterial strains (tested at 106-109 CFU/mL)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Abiotrophia defectiva; Strain SC10</td><td>ATCC 49176</td></tr><tr><td>Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td>ATCC 19606D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Actinomyces naeslundii</td><td>ATCC 12104D5</td></tr><tr><td>Aeromonas hydrophila; CDC 359-60</td><td>ATCC 7965D</td></tr><tr><td>Akkermansia muciniphila; Strain Muc</td><td>ATCC BAA-835D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Alcaligenes faecalis; subsp. faecalis</td><td>ATCC 8750D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Anaerococcus tetradius</td><td>ATCC 35098</td></tr><tr><td>Arcobacter butzleri</td><td>ATCC 49616</td></tr><tr><td>Atopobium vaginae Bacillus cereus; Strain 971</td><td>ATCC BAA55</td></tr><tr><td>Bacteroides fragilis</td><td>ATCC 14579D</td></tr><tr><td>Bifidobacterium adolescentis</td><td>ATCC 25285D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Bifidobacterium bifidum</td><td>ATCC 15703D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter hominis</td><td>ATCC 29521 ATCC BAA-381D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter jejuni</td><td>ATCC 33560D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter lari</td><td>ATCC BAA-1060D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Capnocytophaga gingivalis</td><td>ATCC 33624D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Cedecea davisae</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydia trachomatis; Serovar D</td><td>ATCC 33431</td></tr><tr><td>Chryseobacterium gleum</td><td>ATCC VR-885D</td></tr><tr><td>Citrobacter freundii</td><td>ATCC 35910</td></tr><tr><td>Clostridioides difficile</td><td>ATCC 8090D</td></tr><tr><td>Clostridium perfringens</td><td>ATCC BAA-1870DQ</td></tr><tr><td>Corynebacterium glutamicum; Strain 534</td><td>ATCC 13124DQ</td></tr><tr><td>Cronobacter sakazakii</td><td>ATCC 13032D-5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC BAA-894D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Desulfovibrio piger; Strain VPI C3-23</td><td>ATCC 29098</td></tr><tr><td>Edwardsiella tarda; Strain CDC 1483-59</td><td>ATCC 15947</td></tr><tr><td>Eggerthella lenta; 1899B</td><td>ATCC 25559D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td>ATCC 700802DQ</td></tr><tr><td>Enterococcus faecium</td><td>ATCC BAA-472D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli; CFT073</td><td>ATCC 700298D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli; Strain CDC EDL 1284 Eubacterium rectale</td><td>ATCC 43893</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC 33656</td></tr><tr><td>Faecalibacterium prausnitzii; Strain: VPI C13-51</td><td>ATCC 27768</td></tr><tr><td>Fusobacterium varium</td><td>ATCC 27725</td></tr><tr><td>Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td>ATCC 49145D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Gemella morbillorum</td><td>ATCC 27824</td></tr><tr><td>Hafnia alvei; HER 1272</td><td>ATCC 51873D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Helicobacter pylori; J99</td><td>ATCC 700824D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td>ATCC 700324D</td></tr><tr><td>Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ATCC 4357D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Lactococcus lactis; subsp. lactis</td><td>ATCC 19435D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Leminorella grimontii</td><td>ATCC 33999</td></tr><tr><td>Listeria monocytogenes Mycobacterium abscessus</td><td>ATCC 19115D-5 ATCC 19977D-5</td></tr><tr><td>Organism; strain Mycobacterium avium; Strain K-10</td><td>ID details</td></tr><tr><td>Mycobacterium tuberculosis Mycoplasma hominis Strain PG21 Mycoplasma salivarium Neisseria flava Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus Peptostreptococcus anaerobius Plesiomonas shigelloides Porphyromonas asaccharolytica Porphyromonas levii Prevotella melaninogenica; Strain VPI 2381 Proteus mirabilis Proteus vulgaris Providencia stuartii Pseudomonas aeruginosa Ruminococcus bromii; Strain VPI 6883 Salmonella enterica; serovar Typhimurium Serratia marcescens; CDC 3100-71 Shigella flexneri type 2 Strain 24570 Shigella sonnei Staphylococcus aureus; subsp. aureus Staphylococcus haemolyticus Stenotrophomonas maltophila Streptococcus mitis NS 51 Streptococcus pyogenes Streptococcus sanguinis Streptococcus thermophilus</td><td>ATCC BAA-968D-5 ATCC 25177D-5 ATCC 23114D ATCC 23064D ATCC 14221D ATCC 14963 ATCC 49031D-5 ATCC 51903D ATCC 25260 ATCC 29147 ATCC 25845D-5 ATCC 12453DQ ATCC 29905DQ ATCC 33672D ATCC 47085DQ ATCC 27255 ATCC 700720DQ ATCC 27137D-5 ATCC 29903D-5 ATCC 29930 ATCC 25923D-5 ATCC 29970D-5 ATCC 13637D-5 ATCC 49456D-5 ATCC 12344D-5</td></tr></table>

\* Entamoeba dispar was not available for shipment for testing at a higher concentration or culturable form. E. dispar was thus subsequently investigated as a synthetic RNA target at a higher concentration.

# B. In silico analysis:

Sequence alignments were performed to identify organisms of high similarity using the BLAST tool to interrogate sequences in GenBank. Sequences with identity of $9 0 { - } 1 0 0 \%$ to the target sequence were analyzed in silico for cross reactivity potential where the organisms were not available for wet testing, with a focus on sequence identity under the EP005 assay primer and probe regions. When assessing the likelihood of cross reactivity, the number of mismatches and location of the mismatches were considered. The location of a mismatch was defined as “significant” if located within the first 5 nucleotides at the 3’ end of the primer. (“Significant location” is not applicable to location of mismatches within probes.) Organisms were assigned into three (3) categories indicating their potential to cross-react based on the GenBank sequence match to the primers and probes (in the context of the “3base” sequences), namely,

i. High level of sequence match with up to 5 mismatches with non-significant locations (cross reactive potential: High).   
ii. Moderate level of sequence match with 4-6 mismatches that have non-significant locations (cross reactive potential: Moderate).

iii. Low level of sequence match with 7 or more mismatches including in significant locations (cross reactive potential: Low).

For potentially cross-reactive organisms, literature searches were also conducted to identify whether any such organisms were known to infect humans. The results are summarized in Table 7 below. In silico analysis identified several targets for further investigation as potential crossreacting organisms. However, only cases with three or more reported human infections worldwide were further analyzed and investigated as synthetic RNA targets as described below.

Table 7. EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit in silico analysis summary.   

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Table 7. EasyScreen'" Gastrolntestimal Parasite Detection Kit In Siico analysis summary.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImanySis Sumllary.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism / representativeGenBank accession</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cognate EP005 target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evidence forhuman infection?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In silico predicted cross reactive potential: High</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. cycluri AY590116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Blastocystis hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. lapemi AY266471</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. pythoni AY266472</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. ratti AY590114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cercopitheci AF111185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. colobi AF111186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. papionis AF111187</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. bovis EF514234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. canis AB210854</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. felis AF112575</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. meleagridis EF179381</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. tyzzeri OQ826430</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. wrairi U11440</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No #</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecytonucleosporahepatopenaei OR168078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Enterocytozoon bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterospora nucleophilaKF135641</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Obruspora papernaeHG005137</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. nuttalli LC042219</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No #</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G. microti AF006676</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In silico predicted cross reactive potential: Moderate</td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Eimeria hermani KJ000078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. baileyi KT151546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No #</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. muris L19069</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Histomonas meleagridisAJ920323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Dientamoeba fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudotrichomonas keiliniHM581663</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trichomitus sp. 1 (exGeochelone sulcata)JX515400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleospora salmonisHQ418210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterocytozoon bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. lacerate AF067144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Encephalitozoon intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. pogonae KR998311</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organism / representativeGenBank accession</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cognate EP005 target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evidence forhuman infection?</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chilomastix mesniliKC960586</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Giardia intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G. ardeae Z17210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. dispar KP722600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Entamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES §</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">In silico predicted cross reactive potential: Low</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trochochilodon flavusJN867018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blastocystis hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isospora belli TDQ060661</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colpodella tetrahymenaeAF330214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. andersoni AB513869</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. fragile EU162754</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. serpentis AF093499</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. struthionis AJ697751</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. bangladeshi KR025412</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Entamoeba histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. ecuadoriensis DQ286373</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. moshkovskii MN536500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES §</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia muris X65063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Giardia. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr></table>

^ Wet-testing of E. dispar whole organism was negative at low copy number (Table 6), but it was selected for wettesting with synthetic targets so that a high copy number ( $1 0 ^ { 9 }$ copies/mL) could be tested. $\ S E .$ . dispar and E. moshkovskii infect humans but are non-pathogenic. # Only one or two cases of human infection reported worldwide.

C. Confirmatory Wet testing of synthetic RNA targets from clinically relevant protozoa. Table 7 lists six potentially cross-reacting organisms (predicted cross-reactivity with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit: High or Moderate) that are also clinically relevant (“YES” to literature evidence for human infection). However, these organisms were generally not available in either a culturable form or as clinical samples. For their further testing, synthetic double-stranded DNA targets—incorporating the T7 promoter at the $5 '$ end of the sequence—were obtained as a ‘gBlock’ from IDT using the Accession numbers in Table 7 and whole genome sequence where available. These sequences were used to make synthetic in vitro transcribed (IVT) RNA (800-1000 nucleotides in length). After quantitation, the IVT RNA was extracted using the SP008B kit at between $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ and $1 0 ^ { 9 }$ copies/mL (see below) and tested with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit. Results are presented in Table 8. With the exception of the Chilomastix mesnili and Entamoeba dispar, all in silico targets of clinical relevance that were predicted to cross-react in the cognate EasyScreen assay tested positive in that assay.

Table 8. Wet testing of synthetic IVT RNA targets (P = positive; $N =$ negative):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EP005 target to whichsimilarity exists</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>gBlock Lotnumber</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium meleagridis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109271385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium tyzzeri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109271386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium canis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109271381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium felis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109271383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8x 108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba dispar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103550577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chilomastix mesnili</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Giardia intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109609223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr></table>

Therefore, wet testing of whole organisms or whole genomes or of synthetic RNA informed by in silico analysis identified the following seven human pathogenic protozoa that are congeneric to two target protozoal parasites in the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit and cross-react with the EP005 assays: Cryptosporidium meleagridis, C. tyzzeri, C. canis, C. felis, C. muris, Encephalitozoon cuniculi, and E. hellem. According to literature, these cross-reacting organisms occur primarily in animals, are rare in humans, and do not show any difference in disease severity compared to the more commonly encountered pathogenic species.

# (d) Analytical Reactivity

Analytical reactivity or inclusivity of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit was investigated by testing eighty-two isolates representing the eight target parasites (with 4–16 isolates per target, as available) (as shown in Table 9). Isolates were selected to represent various temporal, geographic, and phylogenetic diversity for each analyte. Isolates tested represent clinically relevant subspecies or serotypes and are biased toward more common species and known human pathogens. For clinically relevant organisms, genotypes were established with sequence-based analysis using genotyping assays and review of published literature. For inclusivity testing, target organisms were initially diluted to 1X–3X LoD for the corresponding target in unpreserved negative stool or transport media with preservative (C. cayetanensis only) and tested with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit, which detected all isolates at all tested concentrations.

Table 9. Isolates for inclusivity testing with EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target organism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain/ Designation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product ID / Clinical ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Geographic Origin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Dientamoebafragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Culture "B"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #598</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #465</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #351</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">inconclusive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #409</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalI#862</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClinicalI #054</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Cyclosporacayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cryptosporidiumhominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IbA10G2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#249</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IbA10G2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IbA10G2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#257</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IbA10G2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#444</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Id</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#205</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IfA14G1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Cryptosporidiumparvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laA18G3R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laA18G3R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#243</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">la</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#204</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">la</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#234</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">llaA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#248</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laA17G2R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P102C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lowa, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[laA20G3R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laA20G3R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">Blastocystishominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL (ST- 3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NTY (ST- 1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50610</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NandIl (ST- 1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maryland, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BT1 (ST- 4)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50608</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#851</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#910</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#690</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#835</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#053</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="12">Entamoebahistolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HU-21:AMC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30457</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Arkansas, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200:NIH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30458</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H-458: CDC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30889</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HK-9 clone 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50544</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Korea</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HB-301: NIH CL-1-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50547</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#047</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical#050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Giardia lamblia(a.k.a. G.intestinalis)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-242</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G1M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unknown</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mario</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BE-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-249</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Canada</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WB clone C6 (AI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50803</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alaska, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Portland-1 (AI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 30888</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oregon, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PR-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC PRA-42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brazil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JH (AII)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50584</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alaska, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GS clone H7 (B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50581</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virginia, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Enterocytozoonbieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #587</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genotype K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical #12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sydney, AUS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alveolar isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50506</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Encephalitozoonintestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC: V297</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50651</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC: V307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50603</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Georgia, US</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasal isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC 50507</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NY, US</td></tr></table>

# (e) Interfering substances

Twenty-three biological and chemical substances that may be present in clinical stool specimens were evaluated for potential interference with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit with three target analytes—one representative chosen per panel, namely, Dientamoeba fragilis (Panel A), Giardia intestinalis/lamblia (Panel B), and Enterocytozoon bieneusi (Panel C)—tested at 2X LoD. Interferent concentrations chosen for evaluation were determined from the recommendations of FDA-recognized Consensus Standard CLSI EP37 along with a review of analytical studies from prior FDA-cleared GI panel devices. In ten replicates tested, Interference (I) was defined as $< 1 0 0 \%$ target positivity (≤9/10) achieved OR a change of $> 1 5 \%$ in the average Ct values in test (i.e., with interferent) samples relative to baseline (i.e., no interferent). Of all substances evaluated (as shown in Table 10), two of the tested substances (i.e., Whole Blood and Mucin) exhibited potential interference at different concentrations tested with the EasyScreen Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit assay.

Table 10. Endogenous and exogenous substances tested with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit as potential interferents. $\ l ( I =$ Interference noted.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent / Active agent (use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferentconc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>D. fragilis(panel A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G.intestinalis(panel B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. bieneusi(panel C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barium sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 % w/v</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=5></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium carbonate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 % w/v</td><td rowspan=16 colspan=5>No interference observed in any Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Canesten (Clotrimazole 200 mg; 1% v/v)(antifungal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diaper rash cream (Zinc oxide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline (antibiotic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dulcolax (Bisacodyl 5mg) (laxative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fatty acids (Stearic acid, Palmitic acid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fecal fat (Triglycerides, Cholesterol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 % w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gaviscon 10 mL (Sodium Alginate 500mg,Sodium Bicarbonate 213mg, Calcium Carbonate325mg) (antacid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrozole (Hydrocortisone 1% v/v, Clotrimazole1% v/v) (antifungal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imodium (Loperamide hydrochloride) (Anti-diarrheal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KY gel (Chlorhexidine gluconate; Methylbenzoate) (lubricant)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole (antibiotic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mineral oil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen sodium 275 mg (pain reliever)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nystatin suspension (antifungal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepto-Bismol Max Strength (Bismuthsubsalicylate) (Anti-diarrheal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 % w/v</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent / Active agent (use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferentconc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D. fragilisanel A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G.intestinalis(panel B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. bieneusi(panel C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rectinol (Zinc oxide 200 mg, Cinchocainehydrochloride 5mg) (hemorrhoid cream)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vagisil (Benzocaine 50mg/g, Resorcinol 20mg/g)(feminine itching cream medication)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vaseline (white petroleum jelly)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wet Ones (Benzalkonium Chloride, Ethanol)(Antibacterial Hand Wipes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 % v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Purified Mucin protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nointerference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nointerference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nointerference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 % v/v2.50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NointerferenceNot tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nointerference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nointerference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr></table>

Whole blood and Mucin demonstrated potential interference with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit at concentrations greater than $0 . 6 3 \%$ and $0 . 7 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / m L }$ , respectively.

# (f) Microbial Interference

The microbial interference study was designed to evaluate the ability of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit to detect low positive target analytes in presence of high concentrations of extraneous non-protozoal micro-organisms that may be present in high concentrations in clinical stool specimens. All target analytes in Panel A–C of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit were tested at 2X LoD in a negative stool matrix in presence or absence of the following eight (8) selected bacterial or fungal isolates at $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL: Pseudomonas aeruginosa (ATCC 47085DQ), Enterococcus faecalis (ATCC 700802DQ), Candida albicans (ATCC MYA-2876D-5), Bacteroides fragilis (ATCC 25285D-5), Clostridioides perfringens (ATCC 13124DQ), Klebsiella pneumoniae (ATCC 13883DQ), non-pathogenic Escherichia coli (ATCC 25922DQ), and Saccharomyces cerevisiae (ATCC MYA-796).

In the ten target replicates tested, relative to baseline (i.e., with no interferent), microbial interference (I) was defined as $< 1 0 0 \%$ target positivity (≤9/10) achieved OR a change of $> 1 5 \%$ in the average Ct values in test (i.e., with interferent) samples; moderate microbial interference (MI) was defined as $100 \%$ $( 1 0 / 1 0 )$ target positivity but showing $1 1 - 1 5 \%$ change in test Ct values; whereas no reportable interference $( \boldsymbol { \mathsf { N I } } )$ was defined at $100 \%$ (10/10) target positivity with test Ct changes at or below $10 \%$ .

In the presence of potential microbial interferents for the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit, all targets showed $< 1 0 \%$ change in average Ct values relative to baseline, with $100 \%$ (10/10) target positivity amongst replicates. Therefore, no microbial interference was observed when testing target organisms with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit.

# (g) Competitive Inhibition

The competitive interference study was designed to evaluate the ability of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit to detect low positive target analytes in presence of high concentrations of potential competitor co-target protozoan analyte(s) that may be present in high concentrations in clinical stool specimens. All target analytes in Panel A–C of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit were tested at 2X LoD in a negative stool matrix in presence or absence of other targets as shown in Table 11. Targets used as potential competitors were tested at $1 0 ^ { 5 } \ \mathrm { o r g / m L }$ (whole organisms) except for C. cayetanensis, for which a synthetic in vitro transcribed RNA target was used at $1 0 ^ { 8 }$ copies/mL to serve as a high concentration competitor.

As before, in the ten (10) target replicates tested, relative to baseline (i.e., with no competitor), competitive interference (I) was defined as $< 1 0 0 \%$ target positivity (≤9/10) achieved OR a change of $> 1 5 \%$ in the average Ct values in test (i.e., with competitor) samples; moderate competitive interference $( \pmb { \mathsf { M } } \pmb { \mathsf { I } } )$ was defined as $100 \%$ (10/10) target positivity but showing $1 1 - 1 5 \%$ change in test Ct values; whereas no reportable interference $( \boldsymbol { \mathsf { N I } } )$ was defined at $100 \%$ (10/10) target positivity with test Ct changes at or below $10 \%$ .

In the course of these studies, moderate competitive interference was observed when testing low positive (2X LoD) D. fragilis and $\pmb { G }$ . intestinalis targets with C. cayetanensis and $E .$ histolytica competitors, respectively, with average Ct change of $12 \%$ and $1 1 \%$ (relative to baseline). Further, competitive interference (at $20 \%$ positivity) was seen with low positive D. fragilis and B. hominis targets with C. parvum and E. histolytica competitors, respectively. Upon reducing the competitor concentrations to $5 \times 1 0 ^ { 4 }$ org/mL and $1 0 ^ { 4 } \ \mathrm { o r g / m L }$ , respectively, competitive interference was no longer observed. All other low positive targets were successfully detected by the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit when combined with other competing targets at a high concentration, as shown in Table 11 below.

Table 11. Target analytes and potential microbial competitors tested in the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit assay.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target analyteat 2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitoranalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitor concentration(org/mL, *except C.cayetanensis, copies/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompetitiveInterference observed</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">ABC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108 *</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. parvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105f}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. parvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5x104$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">No reportableinterference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105f}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. parvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. parvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105f}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. parvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108 *</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$105}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">No reportableinterference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105f}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$105f}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105f}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">$10f}$</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105}$</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moderate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No reportableinterference</td></tr></table>

$\ S$ Tests repeated at a lower concentration of competing targets, which showed no reportable interference.

# (h) Cross-Contamination (Carry Over)

A carry-over study was conducted to investigate the potential for cross contamination or carry over between wells when using the workflow of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit. Pooled high positive samples were prepared containing one representative member of each panel (Cyclospora cayetanensis, Giardia lamblia and Enterocytozoon bieneusi) consisting of at least $1 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies/mL of each target in vitro transcript (IVT) in negative stool matrix, following the recommendations provided in FDA-recognized voluntary consensus standard CLSI EP39. IVTs were used in this study as most of the analytical targets available were not able to be extracted at the high copy numbers required. A negative sample was prepared containing negative stool matrix containing no target analyte and tested in one stage.

Sixteen replicates of pooled high positive sample and fourteen replicates of negative sample were extracted in each run in an alternating negative and positive sample pattern. In this sample pattern, there were 6 and 8 negative wells surrounded by, respectively, 4 and 3 positive wells around them. A total of five extractions and PCR setups were performed with each run containing one negative processing control and thirty samples, which were then seeded into 96 wells of a PCR plate by the GS1 platform. Since each panel gets one set of reagents, one representative organism per panel is acceptable. Target detection in PCR was assessed for all samples, with pre-defined acceptance criteria met at $100 \%$ (240/240) detection for pooled high positive samples and $0 \%$ detection for negative samples (0/210) and the negative processing control (0/15), demonstrating that in the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit workflow, there was no reportable carry over/cross contamination between the wells during sample preparation or PCR set up.

# (i) Specimen Stability

To provide evidence in support of stability of specimens to be tested with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit, a range of transport and storage conditions were evaluated using the methodology described below.

# A. Specimen stability at ${ \pmb 2 } - { \pmb 8 } ^ { \circ } { \pmb C } .$

From the EP005 Panels A–C, individual target analytes (i.e., whole organisms for targets except C. cayetanensis, which employed a synthetic RNA target) were spiked at 3X LoD into unpreserved negative stool matrix or Cary-Blair medium. Failure of testing in negative stool matrix at 3X LoD for C. cayetanensis and B. hominis necessitated re-testing at 10X LoD for these two targets in the negative stool matrix.

Baseline (time zero) test results were established by testing the contrived samples with EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit on the day of preparation. Aliquots prepared for each analyte in each matrix were stored at $_ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ for at least three weeks with weekly testing and acceptance criteria set at $100 \%$ positivity (10/10 replicates). Based on the test observations, all target analytes are stable for three weeks in unpreserved negative stool matrix. For analytes in Cary Blair matrix, except C. cayetanensis and E. histolytica, all targets are stable for three weeks, whereas C. cayetanensis and E. histolytica are stable for two weeks in the Cary Blair matrix.

# B. Fresh vs. Frozen specimen stability:

A fresh versus frozen study was conducted to support the use of frozen samples in the analytical studies and to provide a scientific rationale for the acceptable use of frozen prospective (Category II) and retrospective (Category III) samples in the clinical studies with the EasyScreen Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit. Individual sample dilutions were prepared for each analyte in the Panels A–C in unpreserved negative stool matrix, including Negative (no target, 10 replicates), Low Positive (2X LoD, 20 replicates) and Moderately Positive (4X LoD, 10 replicates) samples. Baseline (“fresh”) test results were established by testing the contrived samples on the day of sample preparation. Aliquots of each analyte at each concentration were stored frozen at $- 2 0 \pm 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and thawed for examination at four weeks (28–30 days). Acceptance criteria for replicate results of each analyte were set at: 4X LoD, $100 \%$ (10/10 replicates) positive; 2X LoD, $2 9 5 \%$ (≥19/20) positive; and Negative, $0 \%$ (0/10) positive.

All eight target parasites showed $100 \%$ detection at 4X LoD and $2 9 5 \%$ detection at 2X LoD at the 4-week timepoint after being frozen at $- 2 0 \pm 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , except for B. hominis, which was tested at earlier at 3 weeks due to time constraints. Average Ct values at the 4-week timepoint (3-week timepoint for B. hominis) were within $\pm 1 0 \%$ of the baseline average Ct values for all targets and concentrations assessed. The results support a frozen storage stability claim of three weeks for all targets other than B. hominis (frozen storage stability of two weeks for B. hominis is acceptable) when tested with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit.

# (j) Reagent Stability/Shelf-Life

With the use of Panel A–C target analytes diluted to 2X LoD in an unpreserved negative stool matrix, a reagent stability (shelf life) study was conducted to evaluate the shelf life of the reagents in the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit workflow—i.e., the EasyScreen™ Sample Processing Kit (SP008B) and the PCR amplification reagents and controls (EP005)—following the recommendations in FDA-recognized Consensus Standard CLSI EP25- A and other guidelines.

Since there is no direct data output available for intermediate reagents in the Kit SP008B, stability of SP008B was assessed by using the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit in the stability studies. Three batches of the SP008B kit were stored at the standard storage temperature for the product (i.e., $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for 38–48 months and then used with one lot of EP005 for testing the contrived samples. Conversely, four batches of the EP005 kit were stored at the standard storage temperature for the product (i.e., frozen at $\mathtt { - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C }$ to $- 1 5 \% )$ for 19, 25, 30, and 32 months, and then used to test the contrived samples.

All samples (individual whole organisms at 2X LoD concentration) were extracted in sets of five extraction replicates using the GS1 instrument according to the EasyScreen™ Sample Processing Kit SP008B User Guide and real-time PCR was performed on the QSDX analyzer according to the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit User Guide. For both sets of studies, the acceptance criteria were set at $100 \%$ positivity of all targets in the EP005 assay at 2X LoD for all replicates at the timepoint(s) tested.

For all the batches of SP008B kit (aged 38–48 months) tested, all EP005 target analytes were detected at 5/5 replicates (i.e., $100 \%$ detection) at 2X LoD, thereby meeting the performance criteria. Similarly, for all the batches of EP005 reagents (aged 19–32 months), all analytical targets at 2X LoD were detected at 5/5 replicates (i.e., $100 \%$ detection). This study provided confirmation for a stable shelf-life of 24 months for the EasyScreen™ Sample Processing Kit SP008B when stored at room temperature $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and for the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit when stored frozen ( $\mathtt { - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C }$ to $- 1 5 \%$ ).

Additionally, a similar study was conducted to verify the in-use (freeze thaw) stability of reagents of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit i.e., the PCR mastermix and PCR components—when these reagents are mixed and pooled on first thaw (the reaction mix) and then stored at $\yen 25$ to $- 1 5 \textdegree$ with up to five freeze-thaw cycles permitted per tube to simulate inuse conditions. Two separate tubes of mixed EP005 reagents that underwent five freeze-thaw cycles over days were used as before in testing Panel A–C target analytes at 2X LoD. As with the other stability studies, the acceptance criteria were set at $100 \%$ of analytical targets (5/5 extraction replicates) testing positive at a concentration of 2X LoD.

At the $5 ^ { \mathrm { { t h } } }$ freeze-thaw, all PCR replicates at 2X LoD achieved 5/5 positivity (i.e., $100 \%$ detection for all analytical targets), thus meeting the performance criteria. This study provided confirmation for the in-use (freeze thaw) stability of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit reagents for up to four (4) freeze thaws.

# (k) C&S Matrix Equivalency

A matrix equivalency study was conducted in support of the use of C&S media (e.g., Meridian Parapak #900612) as an alternative to Cary Blair media (e.g., Thermo Scientific Remel #R21610) when storing and/or transporting human clinical stool specimens for later processing with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit For each analyte in the Panels A–C, individual sample dilutions were prepared in C&S matrix to include Negative (no analyte), Low Positive (1X–2X LoD), and High Positive (5X LoD) samples. Performance characteristics of the samples contrived in C&S media were ascertained at the selected analyte levels using five extraction replicates of High Positives, twenty-five replicates of Low Positives, and ten replicates of Negative samples. Acceptance criteria for replicate results of each analyte were set at: $5 \mathsf { X L o D }$ , $100 \%$ (5/5 replicates) positive; 1–2X LoD, $2 9 5 \%$ (≥24/25) positive; and Negative, $0 \%$ (0/10) positive. For each target, the initial LoD values previously obtained with Cary-Blair matrix during Analytical Sensitivity studies served as the baseline for this study. As shown in Table 12, for all targets and analyte concentrations tested, the targets diluted in C&S matrix met the acceptance criteria based on LoD in Cary Blair matrix, demonstrating equivalence for use in the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit.

Table 12. C&S Matrix equivalency for targets with various analyte concentrations tested in EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit assay.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested analyte level in C&amp;Smatrix relative to LoD inCary-Blair matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg Ct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/25 (96%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">C. parvum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.94</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">B. hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.36</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.80</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested analyte level in C&amp;Smatrix relative to LoD in Cary-Blair matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Avg Ct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.55</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.34</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.87</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">E. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1XLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25/25 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.66</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5X LoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/5 (100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.97</td></tr></table>

# 3.2 Overview of Clinical Performance Studies

A multicenter clinical study was conducted to assess the performance of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit for the identification of Cryptosporidium spp., Cyclospora cayetanensis, Giardia intestinalis, Dientamoeba fragilis, Entamoeba histolytica, Blastocystis hominis, Enterocytozoon bieneusi, and Encephalitozoon intestinalis using stool specimens from symptomatic patients with suspected gastroenteritis. The study evaluated results obtained with the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit, in comparison to those obtained with a reference method. Following FDA’s Class II Special Controls Guidelines “Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assays for Detection and Identification of Microorganisms and Toxin Genes from Human Stool Specimens” the reference method for the clinical studies was chosen to be two (2) well-characterized and validated Nucleic Acid Amplification Tests (NAAT) followed by bi-directional sequencing (referred to as “alternative NAAT”).

For the clinical study, sites were selected based on several criteria, including investigator and study staff availability, number of specimens of interest, target prevalence and familiarity with PCR methodology. The three participating US sites for prospective sample collection and testing were geographically diverse by location, and an additional US site performed retrospective sample procurement along with testing.

The clinical study was designed in an All-Comers mode to prospectively collect stool samples from symptomatic subjects to be tested fresh (Category I samples) or after frozen storage (Category II samples). Stool specimens were collected from patients of any age (ranging $\mathtt { < 5 }$ to $\mathtt { \ge 6 0 }$ years), who presented with signs and/or symptoms of gastroenteritis and were referred for testing. However, given the low prevalence of some of the target parasites in specific geographic areas as well as problems in enrollment during COVID-19 pandemic-adjacent times, the enrollment of retrospective, positive-identified (Category III) samples was considered acceptable along with the inclusion of randomly distributed negative samples, all to be tested in a masked/blinded manner. Finally, for two (2) low-prevalence target parasites, namely, E. bieneusi and E. intestinalis, for which retrospective samples were not available despite best efforts, contrived (Category IV) samples in a negative stool matrix were prepared and enrolled at an outside the US (OUS) internal site for testing at the US sites.

All specimens were tested with the candidate EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit (hereafter referred to as “EP005”) device, and the true analyte status (“positive” or “negative”) of each sample was established for each target parasite by comparison with the reference method of alternative NAATs conducted at the OUS site. For each target analyte, the alternative NAATs consisted of two separate single-plex, PCR amplification tests which targeted regions not covered by or adjacent to the EP005 assay reagents. Amplicons from all PCR-positive reactions were sequenced with bi-directional Sanger sequencing at the OUS internal site. Samples producing sequence data that met the acceptability criteria listed in Section VII(D)(1) of the Class II Special Controls guidelines were reported as positive by alternative NAAT.

Results from the EP005 device were also compared against those of the predicate device where the predicate was available for use following its device labeling. In this comparison, only those three (3) protozoan targets that are detected by the comparator were evaluated —namely, Giardia lamblia (a.k.a. G. intestinalis), Cryptosporidium species hominis and parvum, as well as Entamoeba histolytica. Category III samples enrolled in the EP005 clinical study were not tested with the comparator as it is not validated for use with those specimen types.

A total of 2,806 specimens (Categories I–IV) were collected with 880 samples excluded due to invalid and/or missing data, storage and volume limitations, improperly contrived samples with incorrect targets, which left 1,926 analyzable specimens for performance evaluation (see Table 13).

Table 13. Sample Details $( N = 1 , 9 2 6 )$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prospectiveandretrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>US1N = 204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>US2N=483</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>US3N=966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>US4N=252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>OUS1N=21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total N=1926</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stool type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGlowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGellob</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TransportMedia (incl.Cary Blair /C&amp;S)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>885</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AGE (years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>861</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60≥</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>444</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>743</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td></tr></table>

Of these 1,926 samples with demographic data, 200 samples requiring a repeat test were invalid on retest, making for a $10 . 4 \%$ (200/1926) invalid rate. Therefore, 1,726 prospective $( \mathsf { n } = 1 4 6 1 )$ and retrospective $( \mathsf { n } = 2 6 5 )$ clinical samples were available for analysis with both EP005 and corresponding alternative NAAT reference method. Addition of Category IV samples $( \mathsf { n } = 1 6 5 )$ with E. bieneusi and $E .$ . intestinalis brought the total analyzable study sample count up to 1,891.

Based on evaluation of clinical study data provided from 1,891 stool specimens, the performance of the EasyScreen Gastrointestinal Pathogen Detection Kit is acceptable with PPA for individual target parasites ranging between $91 - 9 9 \%$ with lower limit of $9 5 \%$ CI at $280 \%$ and NPA $2 9 9 \%$ when compared to the reference method.

A. Performance Estimates of EP005 relative to the Reference Method:

This section summarizes the target analyte-specific comparison of EasyScreen Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection kit (EP005) results to the reference method for the 1,461 prospective clinical samples, 265 retrospective clinical samples, and the 165 contrived samples with valid results on both tests. For results from clinical studies presented in Tables 14–21, the following abbreviations are used: all relative to the reference method, True Positive, TP; True Negative, TN; False Positive, FP; False negative, FN; Positive Percent Agreement (sensitivity), PPA; Negative Percent Agreement (specificity), NPA; lower (LL), upper limit (UL) of the $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval (CI).

Table 14. Performance metrics of D. fragilis by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a) Two (2) FN prospective samples were not available for duplicate, investigational EP005 retests. b) Two (2) FN retrospective samples were again found negative in duplicate EP005 retests and were originally reported negative for D. fragilis by a US site’s laboratory-developed test.

Table 15. Performance metrics of C. cayetanensis by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr></table>

a) One (1) FN retrospective sample was found positive for C. cayetanensis in duplicate, investigational EP005 retests.

Table 16. Performance metrics of Cryptosporidium spp. by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr></table>

a) Three of the four (3/4) FN samples were found positive for Cryptosporidium in duplicate, investigational EP005 retests. The fourth (1/4) sample was found negative for Cryptosporidium in duplicate.

Table 17. Performance metrics of B. hominis by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a) Two (2) FN prospective samples were not available for duplicate, investigational EP005 retests. b) One (1) FN retrospective sample was found positive for B. hominis in duplicate, investigational EP005 retests.

Table 18. Performance metrics of E. histolytica by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1457</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a) One (1) FN sample was co-infected with B. hominis and was found positive for both targets in duplicate, investigational EP005 retests.

Table 19. Performance metrics of G. intestinalis by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

a) One (1) FN sample was co-infected with B. hominis and was found positive for both targets in duplicate, investigational EP005 retests.

Table 20. Performance metrics of E. bieneusi by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a) One (1) FN sample was a contrived sample spiked with E. bieneusi at near-LoD.

Table 21. Performance metrics of E. intestinalis by Analysis groups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Group</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a) All six (6) FN samples were contrived samples spiked with E. intestinalis at near-LoD.

Based on evaluation of clinical study data provided from 1,891 stool specimens, the performance of the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Pathogen Detection Kit (EP005) is acceptable with PPA for target parasites ranging between $91 \text{‰}$ with lower limit of $9 5 \%$ CI at $280 \%$ and NPA $2 9 9 \%$ when compared to the reference method for combined groups.

# B. Performance Estimates of EP005 relative to the Predicate:

This section summarizes the target analyte-specific comparison of EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit results to those obtained from the predicate for 760 samples with valid results on both tests. This performance metrics analysis excluded all samples $( \mathsf { n } = 1 2 6 )$ that tested invalid (on EP005) or UNR (i.e., unresolved, on the comparator).

Table 22. 2x2 Performance Comparison Tables for EP005 vs. comparator.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Target: G. intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comparator Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EP005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>756</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>758</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Target: Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Comparator Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EP005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>759</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Target: Entamoeba histolytica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>canmaGlowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparator Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EP005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td></tr></table>

Table 23. Performance estimates of EP005 relative to the comparator.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>G. intestinalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>E. histolytica a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

a) EasyScreen Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit identified no true-positive and three false-positive Entamoeba histolytica samples.

# C. Co-infections detected by EP005 in clinical study samples with validation by the reference method.

This section summarizes the number of multi-parasite $( \mathsf { n } = 6 4 )$ ) Category I–IV samples detected by the EasyScreen™ Gastrointestinal Parasite Detection Kit as presented in Table 24. Column N represents unique number of samples with targets validated by the reference method.

Samples for any analytes with discrepant results between EP005 and reference method were not considered for this summary.

Table 24. Tabulation of Co-Infections as detected by both EP005 and the reference method.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Co-Infections</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, Cryptosporidium spp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, Cryptosporidium spp., G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, D. fragilis, C. cayetanensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, D. fragilis, G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, E. bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, E. histolytica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B. hominis, E. bieneusi, G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cayetanensis, D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. cayetanensis, G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium spp., G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium spp., E. bieneusi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptosporidium spp., D. fragilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D. fragilis, G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2d</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">E. bieneusi, G. intestinalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td>Totals</td><td>64</td></tr></table>

a) Not counted in this enumeration are five (5) retrospective samples which were discrepant for a second target that was detected upon EP005 retests: #201-1161 (D. fragilis TP $^ +$ Cryptosporidium spp. $F N { > } { > } T P$ ), #201- 1187 (G. intestinalis TP $+ \ B .$ hominis FN>>TP), #201-1198 $B .$ . hominis ${ \mathsf { T P } } + { \mathsf { G } } .$ . intestinalis $\mathsf { F N > } \mathsf { \mathsf { T P } }$ ), #201- 1211 (B. hominis TP $^ +$ E. histolytica $\mathsf { F N > > T P }$ ), and #201-1243 ( $G .$ . intestinalis TP $^ +$ Cryptosporidium spp. FN>>TP).   
b) Not counted in this category was one (1) discrepant prospective sample (#103-0050) that was additionally positive for D. fragilis by the reference method but FN by EP005 and enough sample was not available for EP005 retest.   
c) In this category, one (1) retrospective sample (#201-1066) was additionally positive for D. fragilis by the reference method but persistently FN by EP005. This was not enumerated under D. fragilis.   
d) Not counted in this category was one (1) discrepant retrospective sample (#201-1223) that was additionally positive for D. fragilis by the reference method but persistently FN by EP005.