QIAGEN GmbH   
$\%$ Melissa Mahall   
Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Qiagen   
19300 Germantown Road   
Germantown, Maryland 20874

Re: K233100 Trade/Device Name: QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF Dated: September 26, 2023 Received: September 26, 2023

Dear Melissa Mahall:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joseph Briggs -S

Joseph Briggs, Ph.D.   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch Division of Microbiology Devices

# OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The QlAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with the QlAstat-Dx system for the simultaneous in vitro qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals with clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including SARS-CoV-2.

The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the QLAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus: Adenovirus, Human Coronavirus 229E, Human Coronavirus HKUl, Human Coronavirus NL63, Human Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus, Influenza A, Influenza A Hi, Influenza A H1N1 pdm09, Influenza A H3, Influenza B, Parainfluenza virus 1, Parainfluenza virus 2, Parainfluenza virus 3, Parainfluenza virus 4, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus (not differentiated), Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.

Nucleic acids from viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS specimens during the acute phase of infection. Detecting and identifying specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals presenting with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection, if used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiological and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the presence of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by the test or due to lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a NPS specimen.

Conversely, positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism, but do not rule out co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus. The agent(s) detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus may not be the definite cause of disease.

The use of additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# General Information

Submitted by:

QIAGEN GmbH QIAGEN Strasse 1 Hilden, Germany 40724

# Contact Person:

Melissa Mahall   
Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs   
QIAGEN   
19300 Germantown Road   
Germantown, MD 20874   
Phone: 301-944-7768   
Email: melissa.mahall@qiagen.com

Date Prepared: May 08, 2024

Device Name:

QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus

Classification:

21 CFR 866.3981 - Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test QOF

Product Code:

Predicate Device:   
Manufacturer Product Name De Novo/510(k) No.   
BioFire Diagnostics, LLC BioFire Respiratory Panel 2.1  DEN200031 (RP2.1)

# Device Description

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus is part of the QIAstat-Dx system and works with the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0.

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus is intended to be used with l nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) eluted in Universal Transport Media (UTM), which is not provided with the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus.

Once the cartridge has been inserted into the instrument, the test starts automatically and runs for approximately 1 hour. When the test is finished, the cartridge is removed by the user and discarded. The QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0 automatically interprets test results and displays a summary on the analyzer display screen. The results can be printed using a connected printer if needed. The detected analytes are displayed in red. All other tested but not detected analytes are listed in green. The analyzer will report if an error occurs during processing, in which case the test will fail and no results will be provided (screen will show “FAIL”).

All the reagents required for the complete execution of the test are pre-loaded and selfcontained in the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus cartridge. The user does not need to manipulate any reagents. During the test, reagents are handled by pneumatically-operated microfluidics without any direct contact with the user or the analyzer actuators.

Within the cartridge, multiple steps are automatically performed in sequence by using pneumatic pressure and a multiport valve to transfer sample and fluids via the Transfer Chamber (TC) to their intended destinations. Following the introduction of the sample from a disposable transfer pipette, the following assay steps occur automatically and sequentially:

Resuspension of air-dried internal control and Proteinase K (ProtK) enzyme using provided buffer and mixing with the liquid sample (IC Cavity and ProtK Cavity); Cell lysis using mechanical (rotation) and chemical (chaotropic and isotonic) means (lysis chamber); • Membrane based nucleic acid purification from Lysate by: Mixing lysate with binding buffer and capturing on the membrane (purification chamber); First washing of membrane to remove bound proteins (purification chamber and waste chamber); Second washing of membrane to leave only bound nucleic acids (purification chamber and waste chamber); Rinsing of Transfer Chamber (TC) using the rinsing buffer before introduction of the eluate (Transfer Chamber); Drying of membrane with bound nucleic acids with an air flow generated by a high flow vacuum pump (purification chamber); Elution of nucleic acids with elution buffer (purification chamber and TC);

Mixing of the purified nucleic acid (eluate) with lyophilized “Master Mix” reagents (Dry chemistry container (DCC) and TC); Sequential transfer of defined aliquots of mixed eluate/Master Mix from the Transfer Chamber to each of eight Reaction Chambers containing the specified, airdried primers and probes; • Within each Reaction Chamber, real-time, multiplex PCR (“rtPCR”) testing is performed. Increase in fluorescence (indicative of detection of each target analyte) is detected directly within each Reaction Chamber; The detected signal per fluorescent marker per Reaction Chamber is then used by the system software to generate the assay result.

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus includes the addition of the SARS-CoV-2 analyte to the analytes that were cleared in the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel (K183597).

# Intended Use

The QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus is a multiplexed nucleic acid test intended for use with the QIAstat-Dx system for the simultaneous in vitro qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) obtained from individuals with clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including SARS-CoV-2.

The following organism types and subtypes are identified using the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus: Adenovirus, Human Coronavirus 229E, Human Coronavirus HKU1, Human Coronavirus NL63, Human Coronavirus OC43, Human Metapneumovirus, Influenza A, Influenza A H1, Influenza A H1N1 pdm09, Influenza A H3, Influenza B, Parainfluenza virus 1, Parainfluenza virus 2, Parainfluenza virus 3, Parainfluenza virus 4, Respiratory Syncytial Virus, Human Rhinovirus/Enterovirus (not differentiated), Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), Bordetella pertussis, Chlamydophila pneumoniae and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.

Nucleic acids from viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS specimens during the acute phase of infection. Detecting and identifying specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals presenting with signs and symptoms of a respiratory infection aids in the diagnosis of respiratory infection, if used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiological and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the presence of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by the test or due to lower respiratory tract infection that is not detected by a NPS specimen.

Conversely, positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism, but do not rule out co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the QIAstat-Dx

Respiratory Panel Plus. The agent(s) detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus may not be the definite cause of disease.

The use of additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.

# Comparison of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus and the Predicate Device

Similarities and differences between the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus and the predicate device are shown in Table 5.1.

Table 5.1: Comparison of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus with the predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QIAstat-Dx Respiratory PanelPlus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioFireRespiratory Panel 2.1(RP2.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>De Novo/510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K233100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEN200031</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3981</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QOF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QOF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QIAstat-Dx RespiratoryPanel Plus is a multiplexednucleic acid test intended foruse with the QIAstat-Dx systemfor the simultaneous in vitroqualitative   detection   andidentification   of  multiplerespiratory viral and bacterialnucleic acids in nasopharyngealswabs (NPS) obtained fromindividuals with clinical signsand symptoms of respiratorytractinfection,   includingSARS-CoV-2.The following organism typesand subtypes are identifiedusing     the     QIAstat-DxRespiratory    Panel   Plus:Adenovirus,              HumanCoronavirus  229E,  HumanCoronavirus HKU1, Human</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BioFire Respiratory Panel2.1 (RP2.1) is a PCR-basedmultiplexed nucleic acid testintended for use with the BioFireFilmArray 2.0 or BioFireFilmArray Torch systems for thesimultaneous          qualitativedetection and identification ofmultiple respiratory viral andbacterialnucleic acids innasopharyngeal swabs (NPS)obtained from individualssuspected of respiratory tractinfections, including COVID-19.The following organism typesand subtypes are identified usingthe BioFire RP2.1:•    Adenovirus,•     Coronavirus 229E,•    Coronavirus HKU1,</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Subject Device</td><td>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>infection that is not detected by a NPS specimen. Conversely, positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism, but do not rule out co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus. The agent(s) detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus may not be the definite cause of disease. The use of additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract</td><td>clinical and epidemiological information. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or lower respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by an NPS specimen. Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the BioFire RP2.1 may not be the definite cause of disease. Additional laboratory testing (e.g. bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>infection.</td><td>necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection.</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Type</td><td>Nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) See analyte list above,</td><td>Nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) See analyte list above,</td></tr><tr><td>Organism Detected Amplification and Detection Technology</td><td>RNA/DNA PCR</td><td>RNA/DNA PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One internal control in eachcartridge to control for sampleprocessing that is subjected toall nucleic acid extraction andamplification steps similar topatient samples. Instructionsfor Use indicates qualitycontrol requirements should beperformed in conformance withlocal, state, and/or federalregulations or accreditationrequirementsand      thelaboratory's standard qualitycontrol procedures.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included ineach reagent pouch to controlfor sample processing and bothstages of PCR and melt analysis.Labeling recommends the use ofexternal positive and negativecontrols regularly. Use viraltransport medium as the externalnegative control, and previouslycharacterized positive samplesor negative samples spiked withwell characterized organisms asexternal positive controls.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella AssayTargets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QIAstat-Dx RespiratoryPanel Plus detects Bordetellapertussis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BioFire Respiratory Panel2.1 (RP2.1) detects Bordetellapertussis (ptxP) and Bordetellaparapertussis (IS1001).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction of nucleic acidsusing spin columns</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction of nucleic acids usingmagnetic beads</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection of amplified targetsuses an increase in fluorescenceto generate the assay results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Melting curve analysis is usedto confirm the identity ofamplified targets to generateassay results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operational</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The sample is loaded straightinto the cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The pouch is hydrated prior tointroducing the sample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification andDetection InstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray 2.0 or FilmArrayTorch systems</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics - Clinical Studies

# SARS-CoV-2

The clinical performance of the SARS-CoV-2 target in the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus was established through studies conducted at five (5) geographically diverse study sites in the U.S. The sites were representative of testing environments where the device will ultimately be used. The testing was performed by laboratory personnel likely to perform the testing in clinical practice after device marketing. Nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens were prospectively collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory infection.

A total of 616 prospective NPS specimens in UTM were enrolled and tested in a comparison study. One specimen was excluded due to not meeting the inclusion criteria, so 615 specimens were included in the analysis. From February 2023 to May 2023 and during February 2024, NPS specimens were prospectively collected from individuals meeting the study inclusion criteria. NPS specimens were tested fresh on both the QIAstatDx Respiratory Panel Plus and an FDA-cleared SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR comparator method.

The performance of the SARS-CoV-2 target in the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus was evaluated by comparing the SARS-CoV-2 QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus result with the result from an FDA-cleared SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR comparator method. The SARSCoV-2 QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus prospective performance data in positive percent and negative percent agreements against the comparator method are presented in Table 5.2.

Table 5.2: QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus SARS-CoV-2 prospective clinical performance summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP+FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN+FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61 / 631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0%-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>551 / 5522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%-100.0%</td></tr></table>

TP-True Positive, FP-False Positive, TN-True Negative, FN-False Negative 1 The two samples with false negative SARS-CoV-2 results by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus were both positive by two FDA-EUA molecular SARS-CoV-2 assays. 2 The single sample with a false positive SARS-CoV-2 result by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus was positive by two FDA-EUA molecular SARS-CoV-2 assays.

There were two specimens that yielded a co-infection including SARS-CoV-2 by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus. One was positive for Human Metapneumovirus and the second was positive for Rhinovirus/Enterovirus. Both results were true positive based on the comparator result.

# Representative Panel Equivalency

Clinical performance for the non-SARS-CoV-2 analytes were established previously in K183597. To confirm the clinical performance of the original panel analytes and to demonstrate clinical performance equivalence between the two products (the previously cleared QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel in K183597 and QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus) a subset of original panel analytes were chosen as a representative panel for an internal comparison study. The representative panel covers all target types (RNA, DNA, Bacteria, Viral), one target from each Reaction Chamber within the test cartridge and was chosen based on the prevalence of the pathogen, including:

1. Influenza B   
2. Coronavirus OC43   
3. Parainfluenza virus 3   
4. Rhinovirus/enterovirus   
5. Adenovirus   
6. Bordetella pertussis

A total of 190 de-identified clinical NPS specimens, both positive and negative as per Standard of Care, were obtained and tested for the representative panel analytes. Each specimen was run in parallel on QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus. The performance data in positive percent and negative percent agreements are summarized in Table 5.3.

Table 5.3: PPA and NPA of the Representative Panel analytes between QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus and QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grouping Variable(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Proportiona</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Two-Sided 95% Confidence Limit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 / 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 / 22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 /24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus / Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43 / 43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 / 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 / 24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>NPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167 / 168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166 / 166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parainfluenza virus 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163 / 164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rhinovirus / Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144 / 145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144 / 148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163 / 164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

a The performance of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus was established by comparing to results from the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel.

Clinical performance equivalence between the two products (QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel and QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus) has been demonstrated showing that the addition of SARS-CoV-2 and change in the lysis reagent had no impact to the performance of the original panel analytes.

# Performance Characteristics - Non-clinical Studies

The studies presented have been performed to demonstrate the non-clinical performance of the SARS-CoV-2 assay. In addition, where indicated, a subset of original panel analytes were tested to demonstrate the addition of SARS-CoV-2 and change in the lysis reagent does not impact the performance of the original panel analytes. The performance of the original panel analytes is described in K183597.

# Limit of Detection

The Limit of Detection (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $2 9 5 \%$ of the tested sample generates a positive call. A total of 5 SARS-CoV-2 strains were evaluated in the LoD study by analyzing serial dilutions of contrived samples prepared from culture isolates obtained from commercial suppliers or clinical samples positive for the target analyte. Samples were prepared by spiking SARS-CoV-2 into NPS matrix. The concentration estimated to be the LoD was confirmed by testing 20 replicates during at least 3 different days by different operators using at least four different lots of QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus cartridges executed on 3 or more QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0 instruments.

Individual LoD concentrations for each SARS-CoV-2 strain is shown in Table 5.4.

Table 5.4: LoD concentrations for SARS-CoV-2 strains tested with QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/Catalog ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD concentration(copies/mLa)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detectionrate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ZeptoMetrix/0810587CFH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA-WA1-2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3160.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIBSC/First WHO InternationalStandard for SARS-CoV-2RNA 20/146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>England/02/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STAT-Dx Life, S.L. -Clinical sample/243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vall d&#x27;Hebron hospital Clinical sample/S1229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vall d&#x27;Hebron hospital Clinical sample/S1231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90E+04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td></tr></table>

a Titer determined in molecular units (copies/mL) by in-house developed and validated qPCR assay.

LoD and equivalency for the previously cleared QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel cartridges and the new QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus cartridges were confirmed by testing a subset of original panel analytes. Testing consisted of twenty replicates tested side-by-side on the cleared device and the new device containing SARS-CoV-2 at the LoD concentration as defined for the cleared device (QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel) verifying that the addition of the SARS-CoV-2 assay and change in the lysis reagent does not impact the performance of targets in other reaction chambers.

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

QIAGEN routinely evaluates the overall inclusivity of the entire set of SARS-CoV-2 available genomes, including all relevant variants and lineages. This includes (1) Inclusivity Analysis and mismatch detection among SARS-CoV-2 strains and (2) same analysis focused on specific SARS-CoV-2 variants or lineages, evaluating the possible effect of detected mismatches in the QIAstat-Dx performance. Only critical mismatches established were evaluated in the laboratory.

In total, 8,118,241 available genomes since 01.01.2020 until 06.05.2022 from around the globe were analyzed for inclusivity (additional vigilance of SARS-CoV-2 genomic variability is continuously done internally in the Post-Market Surveillance QIAGEN monitoring study). Of them, 7,932,071 $( 9 7 . 7 1 \% )$ presented no evidence of mismatches in the targeted regions. The remainder of genomes $( 2 . 0 1 \% )$ presented any mismatch among the sequence in the binding region, but only 19,045 $( 0 . 2 3 \% )$ presented a mismatch ( $_ 3 \cdot$ -end of any primer) in a critical position and frequency ${ > } 0 . 2 \%$ . Genetic patterns included among those sequences were evaluated in laboratory testing, with no loss of performance at LoD level. Consequently, $100 \%$ of sequences analyzed were predicted to be detected.

Variants of Concern, of Interest and Under Investigation (VOCs, VOIs, VUI respectively) were also evaluated from the 8,118,241 sequences. After classifying all previously analyzed genomes into lineages based on GISAID and PANGO classifications, the following variants were included: Alpha (9 clades), Beta (5 clades), Gamma (23 clades), Lambda (2 clades), Mu (4 clades), Delta (242 clades), Omicron (73 clades). As a result, all variants and lineages described are $100 \%$ predicted to be detected.

For the rest of the analytes detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus, an updated in silico analysis was performed to confirm previous device inclusivity results. All single primers and probes corresponding to targets included in the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus (non-SARS-CoV-2 targets) were analyzed to detect the specificity of the Panel using BLAST (https://blast.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Blast.cgi).

All QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus primers and probes are predicted to be inclusive for all clinical prevalent and relevant strains for each pathogen against all available sequences in the NCBI data base.

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The potential for cross-reactivity between all QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus on-panel organisms (including SARS-CoV-2) and various on-panel or off-panel organisms that can happen in clinical respiratory specimens was evaluated with a combination of laboratory (in vitro) testing and in silico characterization. For laboratory testing, on-panel (intra-panel cross-reactivity) and off-panel tested organisms (not covered by the panel content and, therefore, not intended to be detected by the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus) complement the organisms evaluated in the previously cleared device (QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel) and add additional organisms selected to assess the specificity of the new SARS-CoV-2 assays included in the Panel. Additionally, all single primers and probes for the SARS-CoV-2 detection were analyzed in silico to complement the overall specificity prediction of the device. On-panel organisms were tested to assess the potential for intra-panel cross-reactivity and off-panel organisms were tested to evaluate panel exclusivity. These organisms included those which are related to, but distinct from, respiratory panel organisms or that could be present in specimens collected from the intended test population. Selected organisms are clinically relevant (colonizing the upper respiratory tract or causing respiratory symptoms), are common skin flora or laboratory contaminants, or are microorganisms by which much of the population may have been infected. Both on-panel and off-panel organisms tested are shown in Table 5.5.

Samples were prepared by spiking potential cross-reactive organisms into simulated nasopharyngeal swab sample matrix at the highest concentration possible based on the organism stock, preferably $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { T C I D } 5 0 / \mathrm { m L }$ for viral targets and $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacterial and fungal targets. All on-panel samples generated a positive call for every target and all off-panel targets resulted in negative call, with the exception of $B$ . bronchiseptica and $B$ . holmesii with a cross-reaction with $B$ . pertussis. Those cross-reactions were described in the cleared device, and they are expected to not have clinical relevance since the presence of other Bordetella species are usually associated as a co-infection with Bordetella pertussis.

Table 5.5: List of Analytical Specificity Pathogens   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">On-Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussisc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1N1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A/2009/H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus 229Ec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus OC43c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 3c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV Ac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hMPVc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus A12c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirusc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 6c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Off-Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter calcoaceticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella avium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella bronchiseptica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussisa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella hinzii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella holmesii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussisa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphteriae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzaec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella oxytoca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus acidophilus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella feeleii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella micdadei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noneb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma orale</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureusc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stenotrophomonas maltophilia/Pseudomonas maltophilia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ureaplasma urealyticum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli (0157)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis /Branhamella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidisc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noneb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viruses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bocavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirusc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS Coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes Simplex Virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Fungi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicansc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus flavus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noneb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr></table>

a. As described for the previously cleared device, targeted gene for Bordetella pertussis (IS481) is a mobile transposon also present in $B _ { \cdot }$ . holmesii (detected in $6 / 6$ replicates) and some clusters of $B$ . bronchiseptica (detected in 3/3 replicates), so observed cross-reaction with $B$ . pertussis was expected in both cases.

b. B. pertussis was detected with high Ct value (low concentration) for $A$ . fumigatus (1/6 replicates), Mycoplasma hominis (1/9 replicates) and $S .$ . pyogenes $2 / 6$ replicates). Proper investigation confirmed $B$ . pertussis contamination in all cases. In silico analysis confirmed lack of crossreactivity of $B$ . pertussis assay with all three organisms.

c. Pathogen tested in combination with SARS-CoV-2 at 3xLoD resulting in no impact on assay performance.

Since the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus differs only from the previously cleared device (QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel) by the addition of primers and probes for SARSCoV-2 detection and a change in the lysis reagent, in silico evaluation of the two SARSCoV-2 assays was performed to corroborate lack of cross-reactivity of the device. An exclusivity BLAST-based in silico screening was performed on week 16, 2022 (April $2 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ 2022), including all available sequences in GenBank database. No GenBank sequences corresponding to human-infective pathogens were predicted to be positive for the primer/probe sets included in the QIAstat-Dx system to detect SARS-CoV-2.

# Interfering Substances

Potential Interfering substances (endogenous, exogenous and technique-specific) were tested at a concentration predicted to be above the levels expected to be found in an authentic NPS specimen for the SARS-CoV-2 target. Interfering substances for all the other targets of the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus have been tested using the cleared device (QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel) with the results remaining applicable, as the only differences between the devices are the addition of SARS-CoV-2 analyte and a change in the lysis reagent .

None of the substances tested showed inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 (see Table 5.6).

Table 5.6: Potential Interfering Substances Concentration without observable inhibitory effect on SARS-CoV-2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance / Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EndogenousSubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human genomic DNA 200 ng/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 ng/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Blood (+NaCitrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin from bovine submaxillary glands</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Exogenoussubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin (systemic antibiotic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OCEAN Saline nasal spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin®, severe congestion nasal spray(Oxymetazoline HCl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analgesic ointment (Vicks® VapoRub)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Petroleum Jelly (Vaseline®)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chiroflu Influenza Vaccine (surface antigeninactivated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000001% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=14 colspan=1>TechniqueSpecificSubstances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disinfecting wipes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>½ inches2/1 ml UTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNAZap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProtectRNATM RNase Inhibitor 500x Concentrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab Copan 168C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 swab/1 ml UTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab Copan FloQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 swab/1 ml UTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab Copan 175KS01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>l swab/1 ml UTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Swab Puritan 25-801 A 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>l swab/1 ml UTM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VTM Sigma Virocult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VTM Remel® M4-RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VTM RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Universal Viral Transport</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeltaSwab Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# Microbial Interference

A microbial interference study was conducted to assess the inhibitory effects of select nontarget organisms on the ability to detect SARS-CoV-2. Clinically relevant and challenging concentrations ( $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 0 6 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacteria/fungi, $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ $\mathrm { P F U / m L }$ for viruses unless otherwise noted) of non-target organisms were individually mixed with SARS-CoV2 at 3x LoD in simulated NPS matrix. Testing was performed in triplicate with two additional tests performed if SARS-CoV-2 was not detected in one of the original three replicates. All combinations and replicates successfully detected SARS-CoV-2 except for three samples, one Legionella pneumophila, one Streptococcus salivarius sample, and one H.influenzae sample. For these, additional replicates successfully detected SARS-CoV-2. Where available, at least one additional strain of $L$ . pneumophila, S. salivarius or H.influenzae was also tested in triplicate with all samples successfully detecting SARSCoV-2. See Table 5.7 for a list of the strains tested and the result summary.

Table 5.7: Microbial Interference Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Target Organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain/Isolate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source/ Catalog #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># SARS-CoV-2detected/ validruns</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureusa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA 209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC CRM-6538</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z022 19F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ZeptoMetrix 0801439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C699 [S30D]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13419</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ZeptoMetrix 0801896</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMC 36-A-7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 8142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMC 36-A-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC10211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBS 562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC18804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC-2011-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCCVR-1789</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fussel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC14990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRD-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 15442</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philadelphiab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ZeptoMetrix 0801645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Philadelphia-1b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Los Angeles-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 33156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidisa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>serogroup A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 13077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacteriumdiphtheriaea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC 11913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human   Cytomegalovirus(CMV)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Towne</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeptometrix 0810499CFHI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

a S. aureus evaluated at $4 . 5 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 8 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ , $N .$ . meningitidis $1 . 0 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 3 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ , C. diphtheriae $1 . 0 { \mathrm { x } } 1 0 ^ { 3 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ , and CMV at $1 . 0 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 4 } \mathrm { T C I D } { \scriptstyle 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ . b Philadelphia and Philadelphia-1 are both designations of strain Philadelphia serogroup-1, differences in naming are due to supplier.

# Competitive Inhibition

Clinically relevant co-infections testing demonstrated that when at least two QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus pathogens of different concentrations are simultaneously present in one sample all targets can be detected by the assay. SARS-CoV-2 at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD has been tested in combination with the following on-panel pathogens at high concentrations $( 1 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5 ~ \mathrm { P F U / m L }$ for viral targets, $1 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 6 $ CFU/mL for bacterial targets), with no impact on assay performance: Coronavirus 229E, Coronavirus OC43, Adenovirus A12, Parainfluenza Virus 3, Bordetella pertussis, Enterovirus D68, Echovirus 6, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Rhinovirus, hMPV and Influenza A H1N1.

# Carryover Study

A carryover study was performed using the QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus to evaluate the potential occurrence of cross-contamination between consecutive runs and carryover between cartridge chambers on the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0. Two panels consisting of high concentrations of influenza A, Parainfluenza virus 3, and M. pneumoniae (panel A) or Coronavirus NL63, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 (panel B) in simulated NPS matrix were each tested multiple times between runs of negative (no analyte) cartridges for a total of 62 runs across several days. No carryover between cartridges or chambers within the cartridges was observed.

# Sample Stability

Verification that NPS specimens in Universal Transport Medium (UTM) at the specified conditions does not impact the performance of SARS-CoV-2 when tested with QIAstatDx Respiratory Panel Plus compared to freshly tested samples was conducted. A Positive sample (Table 5.8) was prepared in clinical negative matrix spiked with SARS-CoV-2 at 1x and 3x LoD concentration. Negative samples consisted of a clinical negative matrix that were prepared by pooling human negative NPS samples.

Table 5.8: Samples used for Sample Stability Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Straininformation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Catalogue ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stock concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vall d&#x27;Hebron hospital Clinical sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90E+07 copies/mL</td></tr></table>

Sample stability testing demonstrated that NPS specimens in Universal Transport Medium (UTM) may be stored at the conditions listed below.

Room temperature up to 4 hours at $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ • Refrigerated up to 3 days at approximately $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ Frozen up to 14 days at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

Matrix Equivalency and Single-spiked vs. Multi-spiked Sample Equivalency

A comparison of the performance of analytical SARS-CoV-2 samples prepared in negative clinical NPS matrix to samples prepared in simulated NPS matrix was conducted. In addition, a multi-spiked sample consisting of a subset of original panel analytes was tested together with the SARS-CoV-2 analyte.

The detection limit (1x LoD) for the SARS-CoV-2 pathogen strain defined in clinical NPS matrix as well as one log below the LoD (0.1x LoD) were taken as the reference. Samples were prepared at both concentrations in negative clinical NPS matrix and simulated NPS matrix. 20 replicates were tested for each sample concentration and matrix type using one lot of QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus cartridges.

The multi-spiked sample was prepared in simulated matrix at the limit of detection concentration (1x LoD) and one log below (0.1x LoD) from the cleared device (QIAstatDx Respiratory Panel, K183597) of each target spiked, along with the SARS-CoV-2 analyte. Twenty replicates were tested for each sample concentration using one lot of QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel Plus cartridges.

The matrix equivalency for the SARS-CoV-2 target was confirmed between clinical and simulated NPS matrix. Furthermore, it was confirmed that the performance was not affected when testing the additional analyte (SARS-CoV-2) in a multi-spiked with a subset of original panel analytes.

# Precision

Within-laboratory precision was assessed during a study which examined the betweeninstrument variability at one site by varying test conditions such as cartridge lot, operator and instrument, since the between-site reproducibility has been tested previously with the cleared device (QIAstat-Dx Respiratory Panel, K183597). In addition, only the SARSCoV-2 target and a subset of original panel analytes were included in the study to bridge the two devices. The testing was performed considering the following variables: across 5 non-consecutive days; two operators; three instruments; total of 90 replicates per sample concentration; sample concentrations of $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD, 1x LoD, and Negative; and three cartridge lots. Analytical combined samples composed of SARS-CoV-2 and a subset of analytes were made by spiking the targets in simulated NPS matrix consisting of UTM and HeLa cells.

Table 5.9 summarizes the results, which met the acceptance criteria.

Table 5.9: Detection rate per analyte and the 2-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval by target for 1x LoD, 3x LoD and Negative samples   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Grouping Variable(s)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Proportion</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Two-Sided 95% ConfidenceLimit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Upper</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.89%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.96%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91 /92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.91%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94.09%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">CorHKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 /92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PIV 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.78%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.73%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 / 92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Rhinovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 / 92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87 /90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.57%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.31%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 /92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">M.pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86 /90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.56%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89.01%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.78%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 /92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.83%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.37%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.74%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87 /90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.57%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.31%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92 /92*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.07%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 /90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr></table>

\*Three cartridges showed partial inhibition. Two additional cartridges were run per affected pathogen.

# Conclusions

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence determination to the predicate device.