Becton, Dickinson and Company   
Kamisha Gray   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, Maryland 21152

Re: K233986 Trade/Device Name: BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System - GN Ciprofloxacin (0.0156-4 $\mu \mathrm { g / m L } ,$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1645 Regulation Name: Fully Automated Short-Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LON Dated: December 15, 2023 Received: December 18, 2023

Dear Kamisha Gray:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device, or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and 502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility   
Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K233986

Device Name BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System – GN Ciprofloxacin $( 0 . 0 1 5 6 { - } 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Indications for Use:   
The BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System is intended for in vitro quantitative determination of antimicrobial susceptibility by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of most Gram-negative aerobic and facultative anaerobic bacteria isolates from pure culture for Enterobacteriaceae and Non-Enterobacteriaceae and most Gram-positive bacteria isolates from pure culture belonging to the genera Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus.   
This premarket notification is for the BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System with Ciprofloxacin at a concentration of $0 . 0 1 5 6 { - } 4 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m L } }$ . Ciprofloxacin has been shown to be active in vitro against most strains of microorganisms listed below, as described in the FDA-approved package insert for this antimicrobial agent.

Active In Vitro and in Clinical Infections Against:

Citrobacter koseri Enterobacter cloacae Klebsiella pneumoniae Proteus mirabilis Providencia rettgeri Pseudomonas aeruginosa Serratia marscescens Shigella dysenteriae Shigella sonnei

Citrobacter freundii Escherichia coli Morganella morganii Proteus vulgaris, Providencia stuartii Salmonella typhi Shigella boydii Shigella flexneri

Active In Vitro but clinical significance is unknown   
Edwardsiella tarda Klebsiella aerogenes (formerly Enterobacter aerogenes)   
Klebsiella oxytoca Salmonella enteritidis

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Summary Preparation Date: March 15, 2024

I Background Information:

A 510(k) Number K233986 B Applicant

BD Diagnostic Systems   
Becton, Dickinson and Company   
7 Loveton Circle   
Sparks, Maryland 21152   
Establishment Registration Number: 1119779   
Contact: Kamisha Gray   
Telephone: 410-316-4000

# C Proprietary and Established Names

BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System – GN Ciprofloxacin $( 0 . 0 1 5 6 { \ - } 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

D Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td>Product Code(s)</td><td>Classification</td><td>Regulation Section</td><td>Panel</td></tr><tr><td>LON</td><td>Class II</td><td>21 CFR 866.1645 - Fully Automated Short- Term Incubation Cycle Antimicrobial Susceptibility System</td><td>MI - Microbiology</td></tr></table>

# II Submission/Device Overview:

# A Purpose for Submission:

Range extension of Ciprofloxacin to the BD Phoenix Gram negative ID/AST and AST only Phoenix panels for Salmonella species to accommodate the updated FDA-recognized breakpoints for Salmonella as published in the FDA STIC website.

Update the BD Phoenix Gram negative ID/AST and AST only Phoenix panels $( 0 . 2 5 - 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ for the current reporting range to include updated FDA-recognized breakpoints for Enterobacterales and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, as published in the FDA STIC website.

Establish a Pre-Determined Change Control Plan (PCCP) to address future revisions to device labeling in response to breakpoint changes that are recognized on the FDA STIC webpage.

# B Measurand:

Ciprofloxacin $( 0 . 0 1 5 6 { \ - } 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$

# C Type of Test:

Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (Quantitative) colorimetric, oxidation-reduction, growth based.

# III Intended use/Indications for Use:

# A Intended Use(s):

The BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System is intended for the in vitro rapid identification (ID) and quantitative determination of antimicrobial susceptibility by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of Gram Negative aerobic and facultative anaerobic bacteria belonging to the family Enterobacterales and non-Enterobacterales.

# B Indication(s) for Use:

The BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System is intended for in vitro quantitative determination of antimicrobial susceptibility by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of most Gram-negative aerobic and facultative anaerobic bacteria isolates from pure culture for Enterobacteriaceae and Non-Enterobacteriaceae and most Gram-positive bacteria isolates from pure culture belonging to the genera Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus.

This premarket notification is for the BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System with Ciprofloxacin at a concentration of $0 . 0 1 5 6 { \cdot } 4 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . Ciprofloxacin has been shown to be active in vitro against most strains of microorganisms listed below, as described in the FDAapproved package insert for this antimicrobial agent.

Active In Vitro and in Clinical Infections Against:

Citrobacter koseri Citrobacter freundii Enterobacter cloacae Escherichia coli Klebsiella pneumoniae Morganella morganii Proteus mirabilis Proteus vulgaris Providencia rettgeri Providencia stuartii Pseudomonas aeruginosa Salmonella typhi Serratia marscescens Shigella boydii

Shigella dysenteriae Shigella flexneri Shigella sonnei

Active In Vitro but clinical significance is unknown:

Edwardsiella tarda   
Klebsiella aerogenes (formerly Enterobacter aerogenes)   
Klebsiella oxytoca   
Salmonella enteritidis

C Special Conditions for Use Statements(s):

Rx - For Prescription Use Only

D Special Instrument Requirements:

BD Phoenix™ Automated Microbiology System and software (V2.20.0.0 or higher)   
PhoenixSpec™ Nephelometer   
BD Phoenix™ AP Instrument

# IV Device/System Characteristics:

# A Device Description:

This submission is for a range extension of a single antimicrobial cleared for use on BD Phoenix ID/AST or AST only panels. The ID portion of the ID/AST combination panel was not subject to review in this submission.

The Phoenix AST method is a broth-based microdilution test. The Phoenix panel is a sealed and self-inoculating molded polystyrene tray with 136 micro-wells containing dried reagents. The ID/AST combination panel includes an ID side (51 wells) with dried substrates for bacterial identification and an AST side (85 wells). The AST panel contains a wide range of two-fold doubling dilution concentrations of antimicrobial agents and growth and fluorescent controls at appropriate well locations. The AST panel does not include wells for isolate identification.

The Phoenix System utilizes a redox indicator for the detection of organism growth in the presence of an antimicrobial agent. The organism to be tested must be a pure culture and be preliminarily identified as Gram-positive or Gram-negative. Colonies are then suspended in ID broth and equated to a 0.5 McFarland suspension using a nephelometer device. A further dilution is made into AST broth (a cation-adjusted formulation of Mueller-Hinton broth containing $0 . 0 1 0 \%$ Tween 80), to which the redox-buffered oxidation-reduction AST indicator solution is added producing a blue color in the wells. The concentration of organisms in the final AST broth suspension is approximately $5 \mathrm { \times 1 0 ^ { 5 } C F U / m L }$ .

The Phoenix AST Broth is poured into the inoculation port of the AST panel and the inoculum flows into the panel, filling panel wells. Polyethylene caps are applied to seal the inoculation ports. An air admittance port is located in the panel lid to ensure adequate oxygen tension in the panel for the duration of the test. Inoculated panels are barcode scanned and loaded into the BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System instrument where panels are continuously incubated at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \pm 1 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Continuous measurements of changes to the indicator as well as bacterial turbidity are used in the determination of bacterial growth. The instrument takes readings every 20 minutes. Organisms growing in the presence of a given antimicrobial agent reduce the indicator (changing it to a pink color). This signals organism growth and resistance to that antimicrobial agent. Organisms killed or inhibited by the antimicrobial agent do not cause reduction of the indicator and therefore do not produce a color change. The Phoenix instrument reads and records the results of the antimicrobial tests contained in the panel and interprets the reactions (based on the organism identification) to give a minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) value and category interpretations (susceptible, intermediate, resistant, or not susceptible). AST results are available within 16 hours. This is an auto read result; no manual readings are possible with this system.

Additional comments concerning specific organism/antimicrobial combinations are provided from the software-driven expert system (BDXpert), using rules derived from CLSI documentation and/or the FDA-approved drug labeling.

# B Principle of Operation:

The BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System is a broth-based microdilution method that utilizes a redox indicator (colorimetric oxidation-reduction) to enhance detection of organism growth. The MIC is determined by comparing growth in wells containing serial two-fold dilutions of an antibiotic to the growth in “growth control wells” that contain no antibiotic.

# V Substantial Equivalence Information:

A Predicate Device Names(s): BD Phoenix $\mathbf { I M }$ Automated Microbiology System – Moxifloxacin-0.125-8 and Ciprofloxacin$0 . 2 5 { \cdot } 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$   
B Predicate 510(k) Numbers(s): K060217   
C Comparison with Predicate(s):

Table 1. Comparison with the Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">I able T. Comparison with the Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceK233986Ciprofloxacin Extended Range(0.0156-4 µg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateK060217Ciprofloxacin (0.25-4 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD PhoenixTM Automated Microbiology SystemGN Ciprofloxacin (0.0156-4 μg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD Phoenix AutomatedMicrobiology System - GNCiprofloxacin (0.25-4 µg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Device Characteristic Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antimicrobial Agent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ciprofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determination of in vitro antimicrobialsusceptibility testing of aerobic and facultativeanaerobic Gram- negative, Gram-positive, andStreptococcus bacteria.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source ofMicroorganisms forTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacterial colonies isolated from culture.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated growth-based detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determination of MIC using serial two-folddilution format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Inoculation Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual: BD PhoenixSpec nephelometerAutomated: BD Phoenix AP Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Reported</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Report results as minimum inhibitoryconcentration (MIC) and categoricalinterpretation (S, I, R)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 16 hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General Device Char</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indicated Organisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active In Vitro and in Clinical InfectionsAgainst:Citrobacter koseriCitrobacter freundiiEnterobacter cloacaeEscherichia coliKlebsiella pneumoniaeMorganella morganiiProteus mirabilisProteus vulgaris,Providencia rettgeriProvidencia stuartiiPseudomonas aeruginosaSalmonella typhiSerratia marscescensShigella boydiiShigella dysenteriaeShigella flexneriShigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gram negative aerobic andfacultative anaerobic bacteriabelonging to Enterobacterales andnon-Enterobacterales</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceK233986Ciprofloxacin Extended Range(0.0156-4 µg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateK060217Ciprofloxacin (0.25-4 µg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Active In Vitro but clinical significance isunknown:Edwardsiella tardaKlebsiella aerogenes (formerly Enterobacteraerogenes)Klebsiella oxytocaSalmonella enteritidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Breakpoints</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacterales:(S/I/R) ≤0.25 / 0.5 / ≥1Pseudomonas aeruginosa:(S/I/R) ≤0.5 / 1 / ≥2Salmonella species:(S/I/R) ≤0.0625 / 0.125-0.5 / ≥1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacterales:(S/I/R) ≤1 / 2 / ≥4Pseudomonas aeruginosa:(S/I/R) ≤1 / 2 / ≥4Salmonella species:(S/I/R)≤1 / 2 / ≥4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reporting Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella spp.0.0156-4 μg/mLEnterobacterales and P. aeruginosa0.25 - 4 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25-4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Breakpoint ChangeEvaluation Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procedure added</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr></table>

# VI Standards/Guidance Documents Referenced

1. Guidance for Industry and FDA, Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test (AST) Systems, August 28, 2009.

2. CLSI. Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing. 33rd ed. CLSI supplement M100. Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute; 2023.

3. CLSI. Methods for Dilution Antimicrobial Susceptibility Tests for Bacteria that Grow Aerobically. 11th ed. CLSI supplement M07. Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute; 2018.

# VII Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

# A Analytical Performance

# 1. Precision/Reproducibility:

Reproducibility was conducted at three clinical sites using 14 isolates of non-fastidious Gram-negative organisms. The isolates were tested at each site in triplicate over three different days using both inoculation methods (i.e., manual, BD Phoenix AP) resulting in 378 data points (14 strains x 3 replicates x 3 sites $\mathrm { ~ x ~ 3 ~ d a y s = 3 7 8 } )$ . The isolates tested in the reproducibility study included Pseudomonas aeruginosa (1), Salmonella enterica ssp. enterica serovar Paratyphi A (1), and Salmonella species (11). The reproducibility was calculated based on MIC values falling within $\pm 1$ dilution of the predetermined mode of the reference MIC values. There were no “off-scale” MIC results with manually prepared inocula and one “off-scale” result with inocula prepared using the BD Phoenix AP. The best- and worst-case reproducibility was calculated as described in the AST Special Controls Guidance document. The results of the study demonstrate that for this antimicrobial agent and the Gram-negative organisms tested, there was an overall reproducibility across test sites of greater than $9 5 \%$ $\geq 1$ dilution) agreement when compared to the test mode. The reproducibility results for each inoculation method are shown in Table 2.

Note: The testing for the BD Phoenix AP instrument was performed at three internal BD sites.

Table 2. Summary of Reproducibility Studies – BD Phoenix Ciprofloxacin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inoculation Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Best Case</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Worst Case</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual BD PhoenixSpec Nephelometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (378/378)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (378/378)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD Phoenix AP Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7% (377/378)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7% (377/378)</td></tr></table>

2. Linearity:

Not applicable

3. Analytical Specificity/Interference: Not applicable

4. Assay Reportable Range: Not applicable

5. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (Controls, Calibrators, or Methods):

# Quality Control Testing:

The CLSI recommended QC organisms (E. coli ATCC 25922 and $P _ { - }$ . aeruginosa ATCC 27853) were tested a sufficient number of times (i.e., at least 20/site) at each of three testing sites. It was tested using both manual and Phoenix AP inoculation methods and read by the BD Phoenix instrument. The results are summarized in Table 3. Results were acceptable for greater than $9 5 \%$ of tests performed using both inoculation methods.

Note: The lower end range extension only applies to the Salmonella species. Therefore, the BD Phoenix instrument will not report an MIC below $0 . 2 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ for $E$ . coli or Pseudomonas aeruginosa. The expected range for Escherichia coli remains $\leq 0 . 2 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and Pseudomonas aeruginosa remains $\leq 0 . 2 5 \mathrm { - 1 ~ } \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ .

Table 3. Quality Control Results – Ciprofloxacin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Organism</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BD Phoenix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManualInoculation(PhoenixSpec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phoenix APInoculation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Escherichia coliATCC® 25922Expected Range:0.004-0.016 µg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.0156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>PseudomonasaeruginosaATCC® 27853Expected Range:0.125-1 µg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.0156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

1 The expected range for Escherichia coli ATCC 25922 remains $\leq 0 . 2 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and Pseudomonas aeruginosa ATCC 27853 remains $\leq 0 . 2 5 \mathrm { - 1 ~ } \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ for the BD Phoenix System since the lower range extension only applies to Salmonella.

# Inoculum Density Check:

The BD PhoenixSpec Nephelometer was used to prepare the inocula for testing of the clinical, challenge, reproducibility, and QC isolates. The same inoculum suspension was used for both the Phoenix System and the reference method testing. The BD Phoenix AP instrument was used to standardize the inocula for challenge, QC, and reproducibility isolates. Validation data for both the PhoenixSpec and the Phoenix AP instrument was provided and found to be acceptable.

# Growth Failure Rate:

The growth rate for both inoculation methods was $100 \%$ .

# Purity Check:

Purity check plates were performed on all isolates from each inoculum preparation.

6. Detection Limit: Not applicable

7. Assay Cut-Off: Not applicable

# B Comparison Studies:

# 1. Method Comparison with Predicate Device:

Results obtained with the BD Phoenix Automated Microbiology System - GN Ciprofloxacin $( 0 . 0 1 5 6 - 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L } )$ panel were compared to results obtained with the CLSI frozen broth microdilution reference panel. Reference panels were prepared according to CLSI M07 guidelines. The range of dilutions evaluated with the reference panels was the same as that used for the BD Ciprofloxacin panel. The BD Phoenix Spec Nephelometer, the primary inoculation method, was used to obtain a 0.50 – 0.60 McFarland for all challenge, clinical, QC, and reproducibility isolates. The BD Phoenix AP instrument, the secondary inoculation method, was used to test challenge, QC, and reproducibility isolates. It is designed to standardize the ID broth inoculum equivalent to the BD Phoenix Spec Nephelometer, add the preset amount of AST indicator broth to the AST broth tube, and transfer the required aliquot of ID broth inoculum to AST broth tubes.

# Clinical:

Clinical testing was conducted at three U.S. sites using 7 fresh $( 1 4 . 9 \% )$ and 40 stock $( 8 5 . 1 \% )$ Salmonella organisms for a total of 47 clinical isolates. These consisted of Salmonella species (43 isolates), and Salmonella enterica ssp. enterica serovar Typhi (4).

# Challenge:

Additional stock challenge isolates were tested at each study site. These isolates consisted of organisms with known resistance mechanisms to challenge the ability of AST system to correctly identify the susceptibility category. Challenge testing was conducted using 82 Salmonella organisms including Salmonella species (79), and Salmonella enterica ssp. enterica serovar Typhi (3).

Results for clinical and challenge isolates were evaluated separately and combined. Table 4 below illustrates the performance of testing ciprofloxacin using the manual inoculation method only.

Table 4. Combined (Clinical and Challenge) Performance Summary of BD Phoenix with Clinical and Challenge Salmonella Isolates – Manual Inoculation Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EATotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EATotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eval EATot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EAEval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CATotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vmj</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Salmonella ≤0.0625 (Susceptible), 0.125-0.5 (Intermediate), ≥1 (Resistant)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>[ntermediate), ></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Challenge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

EA - Essential Agreement Maj – major discrepancies CA - Category Agreement Vmj - very major discrepancies R - resistant isolates Min – minor discrepancies

Essential Agreement (EA) occurs when there is agreement between the result of the reference method and that of BD Phoenix within plus or minus one serial two-fold dilution of the antibiotic. Evaluable results are those that are on scale for both the BD Phoenix panel and the reference method or those in which an off scale result is at least two doubling dilutions from the on scale result. Category Agreement (CA) occurs when the interpretation of the result of the reference method agrees exactly with the interpretation of the BD Phoenix result.

The BD Phoenix Ciprofloxacin performance met the acceptance criteria for Salmonella with overall EA and CA greater than $90 \%$ . There were 7 minor errors and no major errors or very major errors. Performance was calculated as described in the AST guidance, with the exception of evaluable EA. While the AST guidance indicates that all results with a reference value of “less than” or “greater than” a certain dilution are not considered evaluable, evaluable EA was calculated in line with the FDA’s current thinking where evaluable results for EA can be defined as any result that either (i) has on-scale MIC values for both the reference and test, OR (ii) has an off-scale value for the reference and/or test that is at least two doubling dilutions from the other result.

# Inoculum Preparation Methods:

The challenge organisms were also tested by one clinical site using suspensions prepared by the BD Phoenix AP instrument. The comparison between the manual (PhoenixSpec) preparation method and the BD Phoenix AP preparation method is shown in Table 5. The overall $\%$ EA and $\%$ CA consistently met the acceptance criteria of greater than or equal to $90 \%$ . There were no very major or major discrepancies with either inoculation method.

Table 5. Comparison of Inoculation Methods with Challenge Isolates Only   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EATotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eval EATot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EvalEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%EAEval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CATotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maj</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vmj</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Salmonella ≤0.0625 (Susceptible), 0.125-0.5 (Intermediate), ≥1 (Resistant)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual(PhoenixSpec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phoenix AP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

EA - Essential Agreement Maj – major discrepancies CA - Category Agreement Vmj - very major discrepancies R - resistant isolates Min – minor discrepancies

2. Matrix Comparison: Not applicable

# C Clinical Studies:

1. Clinical Sensitivity: Not applicable

2. Clinical Specificity: Not applicable

3. Other Clinical Supportive Data (When 1. and 2. Are Not Applicable): Not applicable

# D Clinical Cut-Off:

Not applicable

# E Expected Values/Reference Range:

The FDA-recognized susceptibility interpretive criteria for ciprofloxacin are as listed in Table 6.

Table 6. FDA-Recognized Interpretive Criteria for Ciprofloxacin\*   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Minimum Inhibitory Concentrations (μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterobacterales</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salmonella spp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12-0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥2</td></tr></table>

According to the FDA STIC Website ${ \mathbf { S } } =$ Susceptible; $\mathrm { I } =$ Intermediate; $\mathrm { R } =$ Resistant

# VIII Proposed Labeling:

The labeling supports the finding of substantial equivalence for this device when evaluated with the current FDA-recognized ciprofloxacin breakpoints.

# IX Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

To support the implementation of changes to FDA-recognized susceptibility test interpretive criteria (i.e., breakpoints), this submission included a predetermined change control plan (PCCP) that was reviewed and accepted by FDA, as described in the Antimicrobial   
Susceptibility Test (AST) System Devices – Updating Breakpoints in Device Labeling guidance. This PCCP addresses future revisions to device labeling in response to breakpoint changes that are recognized on the FDA STIC webpage   
(https://www.fda.gov/drugs/development-resources/antibacterial-susceptibility-test-interpretivecriteria). The PCCP outlined the specific procedures and acceptance criteria that BD intends to use to evaluate the cleared BD Phoenix antimicrobial Ciprofloxacin when revised breakpoints are published on the FDA STIC webpage. The PCCP included with the submission indicated that if specific criteria are met, BD will update the device label to include (1) the new   
breakpoints, (2) an updated performance section after re-evaluation of data in this premarket notification with the new breakpoints, and (3) any new limitations as determined by their evaluation.