Abbott Molecular Inc Stacy Ferguson Director Regulatory Affairs 1300 E Touhy Ave Des Plaines, Illinois 60018

# Re: K241573 Trade/Device Name: Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF Dated: May 31, 2024 Received: June 3, 2024

Dear Stacy Ferguson:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Anna M. Mielech -S

Anna Mielech, PhD. Deputy Branch Chief (Acting) Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex

Indications for Use (Describe)

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex is a multiplexed real-time in vitro reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay for use with the automated Alinity m System for the qualitative detection and differentiation of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus, influenza B virus and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) in nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV can be similar.

The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay is intended for use in the differential detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and RSV viral RNA are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection. This test is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections.

Positive results are indication of the presence of the identified virus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the test. The agent(s) detected by the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay may not be the definite cause of disease.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/or RSV infections and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

Page

# Table of Contents

# 1.0 Submitter ..

1.1 Device Information . 3   
1.2 Predicate Device .. 3   
1.3 Intended Use ........

2.0 Device Description ...... 5

3.0 Similarities and Differences to the Predicate Device ........... 8

4.0 Performance Data ....... . 12

4.1 Specific Performance Characteristics – Analytical Studies .. . 12

4.1.1 Limit of Detection (Analytical Sensitivity) 4.1.2 Inclusivity 4.1.3 Precision 4.1.4 Reproducibility 4.1.5 Analytical Specificity: Potentially Interfering Substances 4.1.6 Analytical Specificity: Potential Cross-Reactants 4.1.7 On-Panel Cross-Reactivity 4.1.8 Competitive Interference 4.1.9 Carryover 4.2 Clinical Performance . . 28 4.2.1 Performance with Clinical Specimens Prospective Clinical Study 4.2.2 Retrospective Clinical Study 4.2.3 Expected Values

5.0 Conclusion Drawn from the Studies ..... .. 35

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

1.0

# Submitter

Applicants Name and Address:

Abbott Molecular Inc. 1300 E. Touhy Ave Des Plaines, IL 60018

# Contact Person:

Stacy Ferguson Director Regulatory Affairs Abbott Molecular, Inc. 1300 E. Touhy Avenue Des Plaines, IL 60018 Phone: 224-361-7449 February 12, 2025

Date Prepared:

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>Regulation Name</td><td>Product Code</td><td>Regulation Number</td><td>Class</td></tr><tr><td>Alinity m Resp-4-Plex</td><td>Multi-Target Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Test Including Sars-Cov-2 And Other Microbial</td><td>QOF</td><td>21 CFR 866.3981</td><td>Ⅱ</td></tr></table>

# 1.2 Predicate Device

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>510(k)</td><td>Date Cleared</td></tr><tr><td>Hologic™M Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay</td><td>K222736</td><td>May 16, 2023</td></tr></table>

# 1.3 Intended Use

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex is a multiplexed real-time in vitro reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay for use with the automated Alinity m System for the qualitative detection and differentiation of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV2), influenza A virus, influenza B virus and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) in nasopharyngeal swab specimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV can be similar.

The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay is intended for use in the differential detection of SARS-CoV2, influenza A, influenza B and/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and RSV viral RNA are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection. This test is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections.

Positive results are indication of the presence of the identified virus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the test. The agent(s) detected by the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay may not be the definite cause of disease.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/or RSV infections and should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient management decisions.

# 2.0 Device Description

The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay requires two separate assay-specific kits as follows:

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kit; 09N79-095, consists of 2 types of multi-well assay trays. The amplification trays (AMP TRAY 1) contain unit-dose liquid PCR amplification/detection reagents and unit-dose liquid Internal Control (IC) in separate wells. The activation trays (ACT TRAY 2) contain liquid unit-dose activation reagent. The intended storage condition for the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kit is $- 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $- 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex CTRL Kit; 09N79-085, consists of negative controls and positive controls, each supplied as liquid in single-use tubes. The Alinity m Resp-4- Plex controls are used for validity determination of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex on the automated Alinity m System. The intended storage condition for the Alinity m Resp4-Plex CTRL Kit is $- 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $- 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay utilizes real-time PCR to amplify and detect genomic RNA sequences of influenza A (flu A), influenza B (flu B), RSV, and/or SARS-CoV-2 from nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens. The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex detects assay analytes and internal control (IC) separately, using analyte specific probes. The assay targets 2 different genes within the SARS-CoV-2 genome. The fluorescently labeled probes do not generate a detectable signal unless they are specifically bound to the amplified product. All probes are labeled with analyte specific fluorophores, thus allowing for simultaneous detection and differentiation of amplified products of all 4 viruses and IC in a single reaction vessel.

The steps of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay consist of sample preparation, PCR assembly, amplification/ detection, and result calculation and reporting. All steps of the Alinity m Resp4-Plex assay procedure are executed automatically by the Alinity m System. The Alinity m System is designed to be a continuous random-access analyzer that can perform the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay in parallel with other Alinity m assays on the same instrument. One PCR reaction can detect 1 or more pathogens with the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay. Therefore, only 1 patient specimen aliquot is required for detection of the selected assay(s).

The Alinity m System performs automated sample preparation using the Alinity m Sample Prep Kit 2, Alinity m Lysis Solution, and Alinity m Diluent Solution. The Alinity m System employs magnetic microparticle technology to facilitate nucleic acid capture, wash, and

elution. The IC is introduced into each specimen at the beginning of the sample preparation process to demonstrate that the process was completed correctly for each specimen and control sample.

The resulting purified RNA is combined with liquid unit-dose Alinity m Resp-4-Plex activation reagent and liquid unit-dose Alinity m Resp-4-Plex amplification/detection reagent and transferred into a reaction vessel. Alinity m Vapor Barrier Solution is then added to the reaction vessel which is then transferred to an amplification/detection unit for reverse transcription, PCR amplification, and real-time fluorescence detection.

A positive control and a negative control are tested at or above an established minimum frequency to help ensure that instrument and reagent performance remain satisfactory. During each control event, a negative control and positive control are processed through sample preparation and PCR procedures that are identical to those used for specimens.

The target sequences for the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay are:

• RdRp and N genes of the SARS-CoV-2 genome the Matrix gene of the flu A genome the Nonstructural 1 gene of the flu B genome the Matrix gene of the RSV genome

Patient results are automatically reported on the Alinity m instrument. The Alinity m Resp-4- Plex application parameters will be contained in an assay application specification file.

The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay also utilizes the following:

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Assay Application Specification File, List No. 09N79-03A The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex application specification file is intended for use with the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay on the automated Alinity m System to allow for processing of assay controls and patient samples.   
Alinity m System and System Software, List No. 08N53-002a   
• Alinity m Sample Prep Kit 2, List No. 09N12-001a   
• Alinity m Tubes and Caps, List No. 09N49a • Alinity m Transport Tubes Pierceable Capped, List No. 09N49-010 • Alinity m Transport Tube, List No. 09N49-011 • Alinity m Aliquot Tube, List No. 09N49-013   
Alinity m System Solutions, List No. 09N20 • Alinity m Lysis Solution, List No. 09N20-001a • Alinity m Diluent Solution, List No. 09N20-003a • Alinity m Vapor Barrier Solution, List No. 09N20-004a

# 3.0 Similarities and Differences to the Predicate Device

The legally marketed predicate device chosen for the current submission is the Hologic™ Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay (for use on the Panther Fusion system). The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, Hologic™ Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay (for use on the Panther Fusion system), intended for the qualitative detection and differentiation of SARS-CoV-2, flu A virus, flu B virus, and RSV. The primary similarities between Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay and the predicate device are presented in Table 1. The primary differences between Alinity m Resp-4-Plex and the predicate device are shown in Table 2. Both the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay and the predicate have the same intended use. Any technological differences that exist between Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay and the predicate device do not raise new types of safety or effectiveness questions.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1.Similarities Between Alinity mResp-4-Plex Asay and NucleicAcid Amplification Tests PredicateDevice</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current Submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alinity m Resp-4-Plex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hologic™M Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay(K222736)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alinity m Resp-4-Plex is a multiplexed real-time in vitro reversetranscription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay for usewith the automated Alinity m System for the qualitative detectionand differentiation of Severe Acute Respiratory SyndromeCoronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) influenza A virus, influenza B virusand Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), in nasopharyngeal swabspecimens collected from patients with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms ofrespiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A,influenza B, and RSV can be similar.The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay is intended for use in thedifferential detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza Band/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19,influenza and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with otherclinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings.SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and RSV viral RNA aregenerally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab specimens during theacute phase of infection. This test is not intended to detectinfluenza C virus infections.Positive results are indication of the presence of the identifiedvirus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection withother pathogens not detected by the test. The agent(s) detected bythe Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay may not be the definite cause ofdisease.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A,influenza B, and/or RSV infections and should not be used as thesole basis for diagnosis, treatment or other patient managementdecisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV assay is a fullyautomated multiplexed real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test intended for the qualitative detection anddifferentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2(SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus (Flu A), influenza B virus (Flu B),and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Nucleic acids are isolated andpurified from nasopharyngeal (NP) specimens obtained fromindividuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of a respiratory tractinfection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infectiondue to SARS-CoV-2, influenza, and RSV can be similar. This assay isintended to aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A,Flu B, and RSV infections in humans and is not intended to detectinfluenza C virus infections.Nucleic acids from the viral organisms identified by this test aregenerally detectable in NP specimens during the acute phase ofinfection. The detection and identification of specific viral nucleicacids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratorytract infection are indicative of the presence of the identified virusand aids in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical andepidemiological information, and laboratory findings. The results ofthis test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment,or other patient management decisions.Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. Theorganism(s) detected by the Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/ FluA/B/RSV assay may not be the definite cause of disease.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus,influenza B virus, or RSV infections. This assay is designed for useon the Panther Fusion system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1.Similarities Between Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Asay and Nucleic Acid Amplification Tests Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current Submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alinity m Resp-4-Plex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hologic™M Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay(K222736)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conditions for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For prescription useFor in vitro diagnostic use only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Organisms Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• influenza A (flu A)influenza B (flu B)Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV)•SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All steps of this qualitative assay procedure areexecuted automatically by the Alinity m System.Uses Alinity m System for all steps including nucleicacid extraction, amplification, detection, and resultprocessing.No intermediate processing or transfer steps areperformed by the user.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All steps of this qualitative assay procedure are executed automatically bythe Panther Fusion System. Uses Panther Fusion System for all stepsincluding nucleic acid extraction, amplification, detection, and resultprocessing.No intermediate processing or transfer steps are performed by the user.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal (NP) swab specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Negative ControlPositive Control•  Internal Control (IC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2. Differences Between Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Assay and Nucleic Acid Amplification Tests Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current Submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alinity m Resp-4-Plex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hologic™M Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay (K222736)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Collectionand Transport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  BDTM UVT• Copan UTM®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSameRemel MicroTest M4RT, M5, or M6 formulationsHardy Diagnostics Viral Transport MediumHologic RespDirect Collection Kit</td></tr></table>

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# 4.1 Specific Performance Characteristics – Analytical Studies

# 4.1.1 Limit of Detection (Analytical Sensitivity)

Limit of Detection (LoD) studies determine the lowest concentration of Influenza A (flu A), Influenza B (flu B), RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 at which greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ of replicates test positive.

The LoD was determined by testing 10 cultured viruses, including 5 flu A strains (H1N1 and H3N2 subtypes), 2 flu B strains (Victoria and Yamagata lineages), 2 RSV strains (RSV A and RSV B), and 1 SARS-CoV-2 strain diluted in pooled negative NP clinical specimens collected in viral transport media.

For each virus, the preliminary LoD was determined by testing a minimum of 3 levels, each in a minimum of 3 replicates. The final LoD was confirmed by testing a minimum of 3 panel members with target concentrations bracketing the preliminary LoD, each panel member in a minimum of 20 replicates. For each strain, LoD was defined as the lowest concentration at which greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive (positive rate greater or equal to $9 5 \%$ ), as summarized in Table 3.

Table 3. Limit of Detection   

<table><tr><td>Virus</td><td>t Strain (Source)</td><td>LoD</td><td>Mean CN at LoDa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Influenza A</td><td>A/H1N1/Brisbane/59/2007 (Cat No 0810244CF, Lot 323919)</td><td>0.002 TCID50/mL</td><td>36.29</td></tr><tr><td>A/H1N1/Michigan/45/2015</td><td>0.004 TCID50/mL</td><td>35.75</td></tr><tr><td>(Cat No 0810538CF, Lot 326537) A/H3N2/Switzerland/9715293/13</td><td>0.015 TCID50/mL</td><td>35.71</td></tr><tr><td>(Cat No 0810511CF, Lot 322440) A/H3N2/Wisconsin/04/2018</td><td>0.06 TCID50/mL</td><td>35.15</td></tr><tr><td>(Cat No FR-1692, Lot 70030518) A/H3N2/Darwin/9/21</td><td>0.004 TCID50/mL</td><td>36.02</td></tr><tr><td>(Cat No 0810650CF, Lot 331100) B/Victoria lineage/Brisbane/33/08</td><td>0.02 TCID50/mL</td><td>36.23</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(Cat No 0810253CF, Lot 316752) B/Yamagata lineage/Massachusetts/2/12</td><td>0.05 TCID50/mL</td><td>36.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">RSV</td><td>(Cat No 0810239CF, Lot 324519) RSVA/Long/MD/56</td><td>0.3 TCID50/mL</td><td>34.92</td></tr><tr><td>(Cat No VR-26PQ, Lot 70024412) RSVB/West Virginia/14617/85 (Cat No VR-1400, Lot 70013461)</td><td>0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td>35.62</td></tr><tr><td>SARS-CoV-2</td><td>Isolate USA-WA1/2020, gamma irradiated (Cat No NR-52287, Lot 70048202)</td><td>30 Genome Copies/mL</td><td>35.93</td></tr></table>

Mean cycle number (CN) was calculated for all valid replicates with a positive result in the confirmation of LoD testing. $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } =$ Median Tissue Culture Infectious Dose/mL.

# 4.1.2 Inclusivity

In addition to strains tested in LoD study, the inclusivity of Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay for the detection of flu A, flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 was also evaluated by testing 16 strains of flu A virus (including H1N1, H3N2, and H5N15), 9 strains of flu B virus (including Victoria and Yamagata lineages), 6 strains of RSV (including RSV A and B), and 9 strains of SARS-CoV-2 (including A, B, BA.1 and B.1.1.7 lineages) in pooled negative clinical NP swab matrix. Each individual virus isolate or strain (cultured virus or viral RNA) was tested in replicates of 5 at the level equal to or lower than $3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ (Table 4). For strains with reported units of measure different than units listed in LoD study, dilution series were prepared and tested. The lowest concentration tested that resulted in $100 \%$ positive results is included in Table 4.

Table 4. Inclusivity   

<table><tr><td>Virus</td><td>Strain/Isolate</td><td>Catalog Numbera</td><td>Lot Number</td><td>Concentration Testedb</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A</td><td>A/H1N1/Brisbane/ 02/2018</td><td>0810585CFHI</td><td>325433</td><td>0.006 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A/H1N1/Fort Monmouth/1/1947</td><td>VR-1754</td><td>59523491</td><td>1.67E+00 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A/H1N1/California/ 07/2009</td><td>VR-1894</td><td>70014833</td><td>3.33E+00 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A/H1N1/Puerto Rico/8/1934</td><td>NR-348</td><td>70013122</td><td>3.33E+00 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A/H1N1/New Jersey/8/1976</td><td>VR-897</td><td>58810588</td><td>1.00E+01 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A/H1N1/Wisconsin/ 588/2019 - Candidate Vaccine Virus</td><td>N/A</td><td>3026054333</td><td>1.37E-06 HA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>A/H1N1/Guangdong- Maonan/1536/2019 - Candidate</td><td>N/A</td><td>3001293900</td><td>8.53E-06 HA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Vaccine Virus A/H1N1/Victoria/2570/2019-</td><td>N/A</td><td>3000827519</td><td>5.12E-05 HA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Candidate Vaccine Virus A/H3N2/Tasmania/503/2020</td><td>N/A</td><td>3000824430</td><td>2.37E-07 GP</td></tr><tr><td>Candidate Vaccine Virus</td><td>Candidate Vaccine Virus A/H3N2/Hong Kong/45/2019-</td><td>N/A</td><td>3001584404</td><td>2.56E-06 GP</td></tr></table>

Table 4. Inclusivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Catalog</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7">Virus</td><td>Strain/Isolate A/H3N2/Hong Kong/2671/2019</td><td>Numbera N/A</td><td>Lot Number 3001292400</td><td>Concentration Testedb 4.27E-05 GP</td></tr><tr><td>Candidate Vaccine Virus A/H3N2/Singapore/</td><td>0810574CF</td><td>327298</td><td>0.045</td></tr><tr><td>INFIMH-16-0019/2016 A/H3N2/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td>0810138CF</td><td>324694</td><td>TCID50/mL 0.045</td></tr><tr><td>A/H3N2/Perth/16/2009</td><td>0810251CF</td><td>313219</td><td>TCID50/mL 0.045</td></tr><tr><td>A/H3N2/Delaware/01/2021</td><td>FR-1748</td><td>70048306</td><td>TCID50/mL 3.64E-01</td></tr><tr><td>A/H5N1/Vietnam/1203/2004</td><td>NR-12145</td><td>VNV1F014A</td><td>FFU/mL 9.00E-05</td></tr><tr><td>B/Victoria</td><td>0810254CF</td><td>325527</td><td>μg/mL 0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8"></td><td>lineage/Brisbane/60/2008 B/Victoria</td><td></td><td></td><td>TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>lineage/Colorado/6/2017 B/Victoria</td><td>0810573CF</td><td>325651</td><td>0.02 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>lineage/Alabama/2/2017</td><td>0810572CF</td><td>325540</td><td>0.02 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>B/Victoria lineage/Malaysia/2506/2004 B/Victoria</td><td>0810258CF</td><td>327609</td><td>0.006 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>lineage/Washington/02/2019- Candidate Vaccine Virus</td><td>N/A</td><td>3026019537</td><td>1.42E-06 HA</td></tr><tr><td>B/Yamagata lineage/Phuket/3073/2013 Candidate Vaccine Virus</td><td>N/A</td><td>2014768619</td><td>2.96E-07 HA</td></tr><tr><td>B/Yamagata lineage/Great Lakes/1739/1954</td><td>VR-103</td><td>64295716</td><td>1.67E+00 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Lee/1940 Allen/1945</td><td>0810257CF VR-102</td><td>313259 70021278</td><td>0.06 TCID50/mL 2.78E-02</td></tr></table>

Table 4. Inclusivity   

<table><tr><td>Virus</td><td>Strain/Isolate</td><td>Catalog Numbera</td><td>Lot Number</td><td>Concentration Testedb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">RSV</td><td>RSVB/3/2015 Isolate 1</td><td>0810479CF</td><td>322741</td><td>0.1 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>RSVB/12/2014 Isolate 1</td><td>0810450CF</td><td>318798</td><td>0.03 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>RSVB/11/2014 Isolate 2</td><td>0810451CF</td><td>318796</td><td>0.03 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>RSVA/12/2014 Isolate 12</td><td>0810462CF</td><td>318841</td><td>0.9 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>RSVA/1/2015 Isolate 1</td><td>0810466CF</td><td>318843</td><td>0.09 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td>RSVA/2014 Isolate 341</td><td>0810290CF</td><td>315911</td><td>0.09 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8">SARS-CoV-2</td><td>USA/GA-EHC-2811C/2021 (Lineage BA.1; Omicron</td><td>NR-56496</td><td>70050694</td><td>90 GC/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Variant) Hong Kong/VM20001061/2020 (Lineage A)c</td><td>NR-52388</td><td>70034679</td><td>90 GE/mL</td></tr><tr><td>USA-AZ1/2020 (Lineage A)c</td><td>NR-52505</td><td>70035256</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>USA-IL1/2020 (Lineage A)c</td><td>NR-52503</td><td>70035254</td><td>90 GE/mL 90 GE/mL</td></tr><tr><td>USA-CA3/2020 (Lineage B)c</td><td>NR-52507</td><td>70035258</td><td>90 GE/mL</td></tr><tr><td>USA-WI1/2020 (Lineage B)c</td><td>NR-52506</td><td>70035257</td><td>90 GE/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Germany/BavPat1/2020</td><td>NR-52502</td><td>70036181</td><td>90 GE/mL</td></tr><tr><td>(Lineage B.1)c USA/CA_CDC_5574/2020</td><td>NR-55244</td><td>70042560</td><td>90 GE/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(Lineage B.1.1.7; Alpha Variant)c Italy-INMI1c</td><td>NR-52498</td><td>70035261</td><td>90 GE/mL</td></tr></table>

N/A indicates Catalog Number is not applicable. L $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } =$ Median Tissue Culture Infectious Dose $/ \mathrm { m L }$ ; $\mathrm { C E I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L } =$ median chicken embryo infectious dose/mL; $\mathrm { H A } =$ Hemagglutination titer, indicates Hemagglutinin levels; $\mathrm { F U } =$ focus-forming units $/ \mathrm { m L }$ ; $\mathrm { { G C / m L } = }$ Genome Copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ ; $\mathrm { { G E / m L } = }$ Genome Equivalent/mL; $\mathrm { G P = }$ Glycoprotein titer, indicates Glycoprotein levels. c Genomic RNA

In addition, in silico analyses were performed in which the sequence of each of the SARS-CoV2 analyte primers and probes was analyzed for homology with sequences from human isolates available in GISAID and NCBI databases.

For SARS-CoV-2, in silico analysis of the primer/probe set for homology with all 14,818,776 virus sequences available in the GISAID database as of October 3, 2023 and all 7,590,332 virus Alinity m Resp-4-Plex   
February 2025

sequences available in the NCBI database as of October 9, 2023 showed that greater than or equal to $9 9 . 9 9 \%$ of the sequences are predicted to be detected by the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay.

# 4.1.3 Precision

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay within-laboratory precision was evaluated by testing 5 panel members: 1 flu A/flu B/RSV/SARS-CoV-2 negative panel member, 2 positive panel members containing flu A and RSV (low positive targeted at $2 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ and moderate positive targeted at 5 $\times \mathrm { { L o D } }$ for both viruses), and 2 positive panel members containing flu B and SARS-CoV-2 (low positive targeted at $2 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ and moderate positive targeted at $5 \times \mathrm { \ L o D }$ for both viruses). All panel members were prepared in simulated nasal matrix (SNM). Each panel member was tested with 4 replicates twice each day for 5 days, on 3 Alinity m Systems operated by 3 operators using 3 reagent lots (1 reagent lot and 1 operator per system). The results for each analyte at each target level are summarized in Table 5.

Table 5. Precision   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2">Within-Run Component</td><td colspan="2">Between-Run Component</td><td colspan="2">Between-Day Component</td><td colspan="2">Within- Laboratoryc</td><td colspan="2">Instrument Componentd</td><td colspan="2">Total</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Analyte Target Level</td><td>Na</td><td>nb</td><td>Agreement (n/N)</td><td>Mean CN</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td></tr><tr><td>flu A</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>31.70</td><td>0.501</td><td>1.6</td><td>0.109</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.115</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.526</td><td>1.7</td><td>0.223</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.571</td><td>1.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>117</td><td>117</td><td>100.0%</td><td>33.04</td><td>0.512</td><td>1.5</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.512</td><td>1.5</td><td>0.231</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.562</td><td>1.7</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negativef</td><td>360</td><td>360</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>flu B</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>28.93</td><td>0.179</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.058</td><td>0.2</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.188</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.254</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.316</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>30.22</td><td>0.163</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.049</td><td>0.2</td><td>0.058</td><td>0.2</td><td>0.180</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.256</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.313</td><td>1.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negativef</td><td>357</td><td>357</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>RSV</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>29.91</td><td>0.554</td><td>1.9</td><td>0.205</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.086</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.597</td><td>2.0</td><td>0.136</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.612</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>117</td><td>117</td><td>100.0%</td><td>31.08</td><td>0.622</td><td>2.0</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.253</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.671</td><td>2.2</td><td>0.196</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.699</td><td>2.2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negativef</td><td>360</td><td>360</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>SARS- CoV-2</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>32.80</td><td>0.291</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.105</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.309</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.216</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.377</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>34.23</td><td>0.392</td><td>1.1</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.114</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.409</td><td>1.2</td><td>0.275</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.493</td><td>1.4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negativef</td><td>357</td><td>357</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></table>

$\Nu =$ Total number valid replicates. b ${ \bf n } =$ Number of replicates with positive result interpretation for positive panel members and number of replicates with negative result interpretation for negative panel member; the number of replicates used in the Mean Cycle Number (CN) and SD calculations for the positive panel members. Within-laboratory includes Within-Run, Between-Run, and Between-Day Components. Alinity m System, Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kit lot, and Operator are confounded, and the confounding effect is represented by Instrument. Total includes Within-Run, Between-Run, Between-Day, and Between-Instrument Components. The negative results included 3 panel members negative for the respective analyte.

# 4.1.4 Reproducibility

Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay reproducibility was evaluated at 3 external clinical testing sites. A total of 5 panel members were tested: 1 flu A/flu B/RSV/SARS-CoV-2 negative panel member, 2 positive panel members containing flu A and RSV (low positive targeted at $2 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ and moderate positive targeted at $5 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ for both viruses), and 2 positive panel members containing flu B and SARS-CoV-2 (low positive targeted at $2 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ and moderate positive targeted at $5 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ for both viruses). All panel members were prepared in SNM. A total of 3 Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kit lots were used. Each of the 3 external sites tested 2 Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kit lots, on 5 non-consecutive days for each lot. Four replicates of each panel member were tested on each of 5 days. Each of the 3 external sites used different lots of Alinity m Resp-4-Plex CTRL Kits and Alinity m Sample Prep Kit 2. The reproducibility results are summarized in Table 6.

Table 6. Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2">Run/Day Component</td><td colspan="2">Between- Run/Day Component</td><td colspan="2">Within- Laboratoryc</td><td colspan="2">Between-Lot Component</td><td colspan="2">Between-Site/ Instrument Component</td><td colspan="2">Totald</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Analyte Target Level</td><td>Na</td><td>nb</td><td>Agreement (n/N)</td><td>Mean CN</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td><td>SD</td><td>% CV</td></tr><tr><td>flu A</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>30.92</td><td>0.568</td><td>1.8</td><td>0.149</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.587</td><td>1.9</td><td>0.207</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.623</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>119</td><td>119</td><td>100.0%</td><td>32.18</td><td>0.592</td><td>1.8</td><td>0.208</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.628</td><td>2.0</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.065</td><td>0.2</td><td>0.631</td><td>2.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative</td><td>360</td><td>360</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>flu B</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>28.88</td><td>0.220</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.119</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.250</td><td>0.9</td><td>0.081</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.081</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.275</td><td>1.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>30.08</td><td>0.590</td><td>2.0</td><td>0.123</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.603</td><td>2.0</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.188</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.631</td><td>2.1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative</td><td>359</td><td>359</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>RSV</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>29.09</td><td>0.736</td><td>2.5</td><td>0.314</td><td>1.1</td><td>0.800</td><td>2.8</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.800</td><td>2.8</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>119</td><td>119</td><td>100.0%</td><td>30.35</td><td>0.665</td><td>2.2</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.665</td><td>2.2</td><td>0.120</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.155</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.693</td><td>2.3</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative</td><td>360</td><td>360</td><td>100.0%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr><tr><td>SARS- CoV-2</td><td>Moderate Positive</td><td>120</td><td>120</td><td>100.0%</td><td>32.56</td><td>0.325</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.091</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.337</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.056</td><td>0.2</td><td>0.029</td><td>0.1</td><td>0.343</td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Low Positive</td><td>120</td><td>117</td><td>97.5%</td><td>34.00</td><td>0.776</td><td>2.3</td><td>0.278</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.824</td><td>2.4</td><td>0.000</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.175</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.843</td><td>2.5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Negative</td><td>360 359</td><td></td><td>99.7%</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td><td>-</td></tr></table>

$\Nu =$ Total number valid replicates. b Number of replicates with positive result interpretation for positive panel members and number of replicates with negative result interpretation for negative panel member; the number of replicates used in the Mean Cycle Number (CN) and SD calculations for the positive panel members. Within-laboratory includes Within-Run/Day and Between-Run/Day Components. Total includes Within-Run/Day, Between-Run/Day, Between-Lot, and Between-Site/Instrument Variance Components. The negative results included 3 panel members negative for the respective analyte.

# 4.1.5 Analytical Specificity: Potentially Interfering Substances

A total of 34 endogenous and exogenous substances that may be encountered in respiratory specimens were assessed as potentially interfering substances for Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay. Each of the potentially interfering substances were evaluated in 2 different positive panel members (PM) each containing multiple analytes at $3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ in pooled negative clinical NP swab matrix.

• PM 1: influenza A (H3N2), influenza B (Victoria lineage), RSV B, and SARS-CoV-2 • PM 2: influenza A (H31N1), influenza B (Yamagata lineage), and RSV A

All positive samples reported positive results for flu A, flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 in the presence of the potentially interfering substances. No interference in the performance of Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay was observed for the tested substances at the concentrations listed in Table 7.

Table 7. Potentially Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Substance</td><td>Active Ingredient(s)</td></tr><tr><td>Antibacterial, Systemic</td><td>Tobramycin</td><td>4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Antibiotic, Nasal Ointment - Mupirocin</td><td>Mupirocin</td><td>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-Viral Drug - RelenzaTM</td><td>Zanamivir</td><td>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Anti-Viral Drug - Remdesivir</td><td>Remdesivir</td><td>27.0 μM</td></tr><tr><td>Blood</td><td>N/A</td><td>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Cold Eeze® (Throat lozenges)</td><td>Zincum gluconicum 2X</td><td>2.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Cough Syrup  Wal-Tussin®</td><td>Dextromethorphan</td><td>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>FluMist®a</td><td>Live intranasal influenza virus</td><td>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Human Genomic DNA</td><td>N/A</td><td>20 ng/uL</td></tr><tr><td>Leukocytes</td><td>Leukocytes</td><td>1.1E6 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Liposomal NUMB520 Spray</td><td>Lidocaine and Phenylephrine</td><td>2.68 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Mucin-Bovine</td><td>Purified mucin protein</td><td>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Mucin-Porcine</td><td>Purified mucin protein</td><td>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - Budesonide</td><td>Budesonide</td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr></table>

Table 7. Potentially Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Substance</td><td>Active Ingredient(s)</td><td>Tested Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - Dexamethasone</td><td>Dexamethasone</td><td>0.2 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - Flonase®</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>SensimistTM</td><td>Fluticasone Furoate</td><td>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - Flunisolide</td><td>Flunisolide</td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - Mometasone</td><td>Mometasone</td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - QVAR®</td><td>Beclomethasone</td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Corticosteroid - Triamcinolone</td><td>Triamcinolone</td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Decongestant - Phenylephrine</td><td>Phenylephrine</td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Gel / Homeopathic Allergy Relief Medicine - Zicam®</td><td>Galphimia glauca, Histaminum, hydrochloricum, Luffa operculata, Sulfur</td><td>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nasal Spray - Perrigo Oxymetazoline HCl</td><td>Oxymetazoline</td><td>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Nicotine Pouch</td><td>Nicotine</td><td>0.1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Oral rinse- Listerine® Cool Mint®</td><td>Ethanol, essential oil</td><td>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Saline Nasal Mist</td><td>Sodium chloride</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Saliva</td><td></td><td>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Tamiflu®</td><td>N/A</td><td>10% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Throat Lozenges, Oral Anesthetic and</td><td>Oseltamivir</td><td>3.3 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Analgesic - Cepacol®</td><td>Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Throat Spray - Chloraseptic®</td><td></td><td>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phenol</td><td>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Tobacco Pouch</td><td>Nicotine</td><td>0.1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Toothpaste</td><td>Fluoride</td><td>1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Vaseline®</td><td>Petroleum Jelly</td><td>1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td>Vicks® VapoRubTM</td><td>Camphor-synthetic, eucalyptus oil and menthol ointment</td><td>1% (w/v)</td></tr></table>

a FluMist® was not tested with negative panel but is predicted to produce positive results for flu A and flu B due to the presence of attenuated viruses. Refer to FluMist package insert for further information.

# 4.1.6 Analytical Specificity: Potential Cross-Reactants

A total of 74 potential cross-reacting microorganisms (viruses, bacteria, and fungi) that are phylogenetically related to the analytes of the assay or that are commonly found in respiratory tract and pooled human nasal wash were tested with Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay to assess analytical specificity (cross-reactivity) and microbial interference. The microorganisms were tested at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 5 }$ units/mL for viruses and fungi and $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 6 }$ units/mL for bacteria or the highest titer available (as indicated in Table 8). The unit of measure was specific to each microorganism. The microorganisms are listed in Table 8.

Cross-reactivity was evaluated by adding each of the potential cross reactants in pooled flu A/flu B/RSV/SARS-CoV-2 negative clinical NP swab matrix.

No cross-reactivity was observed with the potential cross-reactants at the concentrations tested. In addition, the impact of the cross-reactants listed in Table 8 on the detection of flu A, flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 was evaluated by testing them at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 5 }$ units/mL for viruses and fungi and $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + 6 }$ units $\mathrm { \Delta } ^ { \prime } \mathrm { m L }$ for bacteria or the highest titer available (as indicated in Table 8) in flu A/flu B/RSV/ SARS-CoV-2 positive samples targeted to $3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ in pooled negative clinical NP swab matrix. All positive samples reported positive results for flu A, flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 in the presence of these potential cross-reactants at the concentrations tested.

Table 8. Potential Cross-Reactants   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Bacteria</td><td colspan="2">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td>Bordetella pertussis</td><td>Legionella pneumophila</td><td>Adenovirus Type 01g</td><td>Human Metapneumovirus 9 Type 1Ag</td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td>Adenovirus Type 02g</td><td>Human Metapneumovirus 18 Type 2Ba g</td></tr><tr><td>Chlamydophila psittaci</td><td>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td><td>Adenovirus Type 03g</td><td>Influenza A (H1N1)b, g, h</td></tr><tr><td>Corynebacterium diphtheria</td><td>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td>Adenovirus Type 04g</td><td>Influenza A (H1N1) pdm09b, g</td></tr><tr><td>Coxiella burnetti</td><td>Neisseria elongata</td><td>Adenovirus Type 05g</td><td>Influenza A (H1N3)b, g</td></tr><tr><td>Cutibacterium acnes</td><td>Neisseria meningitidis</td><td>Adenovirus Type 07Ag</td><td>Influenza A (H3N2)b, g, h</td></tr><tr><td>Enterococcus faecalis</td><td>Proteus mirabilis</td><td>Adenovirus Type 11g</td><td>Influenza Bc, g</td></tr><tr><td>Escherichia coli</td><td>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td>Adenovirus Type 14a, g</td><td>Influenza C</td></tr><tr><td>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td>Adenovirus Type 31g</td><td>Measlesg</td></tr><tr><td>Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td>Staphylococcus epidermis</td><td>Adenovirus Type 34g</td><td>MERS-Coronavirusg</td></tr><tr><td>Lactobacillus gasseri</td><td>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td>Bocavirusi</td><td>Mumpsg</td></tr><tr><td>Lactobacillus plantarum</td><td>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td>Coxsackievirusg</td><td>Parainfluenza Virus Type 1g</td></tr><tr><td>Legionella longbeachae</td><td>Streptococcus salivarius</td><td>Cytomegalovirusg</td><td>Parainfluenza Virus Type 2g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Fungi</td><td>Echovirusg</td><td>Parainfluenza Virus Type 3g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td>Enterovirus Type 68g</td><td>Parainfluenza Virus Type 4g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Candida albicansd</td><td>Enterovirus Eg</td><td>Parechovirus Type 3g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Pneumocystis jirovecii (PJP)e</td><td>Epstein-Barr Virusg</td><td>Rhinovirus 1A g. h</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Other</td><td>Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1g</td><td>Rhinovirus B42g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Pooled Human Nasal Wash (10%)</td><td>Human Coronavirus 229Eg</td><td>RSV Afg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Human Coronavirus HKU1i</td><td>RSV Bf,g, h</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Human Coronavirus NL63g</td><td>SARS-Coronavirusg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>Human Coronavirus OC43g</td><td>Varicella-Zoster Virusg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Human Metapneumovirus 5 Type B1g</td></tr></table>

h Viral particles. I Viral RNA. j Viral DNA.

# 4.1.7 On-Panel Cross-Reactivity

The cross-reactivity of each signal channel of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay for on-panel viruses (flu A, flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2) was evaluated by testing 2 different flu A strains (H1N1 and H3N2), 2 different flu B strains (Yamagata and Victoria lineage), 2 different RSV strains (RSV A and RSV B), and 1 SARS-CoV-2 strain. Individual viral strains were diluted in SNM at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ units/mL in the absence of other assay analytes. No cross-reactivity was observed for on-panel viruses at the concentrations tested.

# 4.1.8 Competitive Interference

Potential competitive interference between flu A, flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 analytes was evaluated by testing the 4 panel members each containing 3 viruses at low concentrations in the presence of the fourth virus at a high concentration:

• PM 1: flu A, flu B, and RSV at $< 3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ (Low) and SARS-CoV-2 at ${ > } 1 0 0 0 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ (High) • PM 2: flu A, flu B, and SARS-CoV-2 at $\leq 3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ (Low) and RSV at ${ > } 1 0 0 0 \times \mathrm { L o D } \left( \mathrm { H i g h } \right)$ • PM 3: flu A, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 at $\leq 3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ (Low) and flu B at ${ > } 1 0 0 0 \times \mathrm { L o D } \left( \mathrm { H i g h } \right)$ • PM 4: flu B, RSV, and SARS-CoV-2 at $\leq 3 \times \mathrm { L o D }$ (Low) and flu A at ${ > } 1 0 0 0 \times \mathrm { L o D } \left( \mathrm { H i g h } \right)$

All valid replicates of the analytes tested at the low concentrations reported positive results. None of the analytes present at the high concentrations interfered with the detection of the other analytes.

# 4.1.9 Carryover

The carryover rate for Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay was evaluated by testing negative and high positive samples containing $2 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 9$ Copies/mL SARS-CoV-2 (as the representative analyte) in alternating positions, across 3 Alinity m Systems. SARS-CoV-2 RNA was not detected in any of the 360 negative samples, resulting in an overall carryover rate of $0 . 0 \%$ (0/360, $9 5 \%$ CI: $0 . 0 \% , 1 . 1 \% )$ .

# 4.2 Clinical Performance

# 4.2.1 Performance with Clinical Specimens Prospective Clinical Study

The performance of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay was evaluated in a multicenter study using prospectively collected nasopharyngeal swab specimens in UVT or UTM from individuals presenting with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. A total of 4 US clinical sites tested the specimens with the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay. All 4 sites tested specimens for flu A, flu B, and RSV performance, and 3 of the 4 sites tested specimens for SARS-CoV-2 performance.

For the evaluation of flu A, flu B, and RSV performance, the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex results were compared to a composite comparator (CC) established using 2 to 3 FDA cleared assays for flu A, flu B, and RSV. For the evaluation of SARS-CoV-2 performance, the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex results were compared to CC established using 2 to 3 highly sensitive EUA SARSCoV-2 molecular assays. A specimen was categorized as CC positive if a minimum of 2 comparator positive results were reported. A specimen was categorized as CC negative if a minimum of 2 comparator negative results were reported. A specimen was categorized CC indeterminate if a CC could not be determined due to missing results from the comparator assays.

The specimens for flu A, flu B, and RSV performance evaluation were collected during the 2021-2022 flu season at 7 geographically distributed locations in the US and during the 2020 flu season at 1 location in the Southern Hemisphere. Valid Alinity m Resp-4- Plex results included 2,753 each for flu A and flu B analytes (from 2,453 US specimens and 300 specimens from outside the US), and 2,745 for RSV analyte (from 2,445 US specimens and 300 specimens from outside the US). Of these, 2,504 flu A analyte results, 2,710 flu B analyte results, and 2,700 RSV analyte results of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay were used in the analysis. CC could not be determined for 249 specimens for flu A, 43 specimens for flu B, and 45 specimens for RSV.

The specimens for SARS-CoV-2 performance evaluation were collected at 10 geographically distributed locations in the US over 2 time periods; ie, between December 2020 and February 2021 and in May 2023. A total of 826 valid SARS-CoV-2 analyte results of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay were obtained. Of these, 698 SARS-CoV-2 analyte results were used in the analysis, while 128 specimens did not have CC.

Demographic characteristics for the prospective population that were included in the performance analysis are shown in Table 9 for the evaluation of flu A, flu B, and RSV analytes and Table 10 for SARS-CoV-2 analyte.

The performance of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay with prospective specimens is summarized in Table 11. Alinity m Resp-4-Plex results were compared to CC by the analysis of positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA). Alinity m Resp-4- Plex yielded PPA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and NPA of $9 9 . 6 \%$ for the flu A analyte, NPA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ for the flu B analyte, PPA of $9 8 . 0 \%$ and NPA of $9 9 . 7 \%$ for the RSV analyte, and PPA of $9 5 . 3 \%$ and NPA of $9 6 . 0 \%$ for the SARS-CoV-2 analyte. PPA was not calculated for the flu B analyte because there was no CC positive specimen in the prospective study.

Table 9. Summary of Demographic Characteristics for Subjects Included in the Analysis -   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Prospective Population Evaluation of flu A, flu B, and RSV Analytes</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Statistic</td></tr><tr><td>Age</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>b</td><td>2,710</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>37.0</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>35</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>28.02</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>103</td></tr><tr><td>Age Group</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Birth to 5 years</td><td>600 (22.1%)</td></tr><tr><td>6 to 21 years</td><td>359 (13.2%)</td></tr><tr><td>22 to 59 years</td><td>1051 (38.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>≥ 60 years</td><td>700 (25.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>Gender</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Female</td><td>n (%) 1438 (53.1%)</td></tr><tr><td>Male</td><td>1271 (46.9%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>1 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Ethnicity</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hispanic or Latino</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Not Hispanic or Latino</td><td>1104 (40.7%)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1442 (53.2%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>164 (6.1%)</td></tr><tr><td>Race</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>White</td><td>1070 (39.5%)</td></tr><tr><td>Othera</td><td>672 (24.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>Black or African American</td><td>378 (13.9%)</td></tr><tr><td>Asian</td><td>136 (5.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>American Indian or Alaska Native</td><td>2 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td>Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Unknown</td><td>2 (0.1%) 450 (16.6%)</td></tr></table>

a Documentation of races other than the categories listed were grouped under “Other”.

Table 10. Summary of Demographic Characteristics for Subjects Included in the   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Analysis - Prospective Population Evaluation of SARS-CoV-2 Analyte</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Statistic</td></tr><tr><td>Age</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>n</td><td>698</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>41.3</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>41</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>16.88</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>87</td></tr><tr><td>Age Group</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Birth to 5 years</td><td>5 (0.7%)</td></tr><tr><td>6 to 21 years</td><td>80 (11.5%)</td></tr><tr><td>22 to 59 years</td><td>497 (71.2%)</td></tr><tr><td>≥ 60 years</td><td>116 (16.6%)</td></tr><tr><td>Gender</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Female</td><td>405 (58.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Male</td><td>293 (42.0%)</td></tr><tr><td>Ethnicity</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Hispanic or Latino</td><td>261 (37.4%)</td></tr><tr><td>Not Hispanic or Latino</td><td>413 (59.2%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>24 (3.4%)</td></tr><tr><td>Race</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>White</td><td>508 (72.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>Black or African American</td><td>163 (23.4%)</td></tr><tr><td>Asian</td><td>10 (1.4%)</td></tr><tr><td>Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander</td><td>2 (0.3%)</td></tr><tr><td>American Indian or Alaska Native</td><td>1 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>14 (2.0%)</td></tr></table>

Table 11. Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Assay Performance with Prospectively Collected Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Analyte</td><td rowspan="2">Sample Type</td><td rowspan="2">N</td><td rowspan="2">CC+ Alinity+</td><td rowspan="2">CC+ Alinity</td><td rowspan="2">CC- Alinity-</td><td rowspan="2">CC- Alinity+</td><td colspan="2">PPA (%)</td><td colspan="2">NPA (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Estimate (95% CI)</td><td>n/N</td><td>Estimate (95% CI)</td><td>n/N</td></tr><tr><td>flu A</td><td>Fresh</td><td>2191</td><td>94</td><td>0</td><td>2088</td><td>9</td><td>100.0 (96.1, 100.0)</td><td>94/94</td><td>99.6 (99.2, 99.8)</td><td>2088/2097</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>313</td><td>4</td><td>0</td><td>309</td><td>0</td><td>100.0 (51.0, 100.0)</td><td>4/4</td><td>100.0 (98.8, 100.0)</td><td>309/309</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>2504</td><td>98</td><td>0</td><td>2397</td><td>9</td><td>100.0 (96.2, 100.0)</td><td>98/98</td><td>99.6 (99.3, 99.8)</td><td>2397/2406</td></tr><tr><td>flu B</td><td>Fresh</td><td>2384</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2383</td><td>1</td><td>N/Aa</td><td>N/A</td><td>100.0 (99.8, 100.0)</td><td>2383/2384</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>326</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>326</td><td>0</td><td>N/Aa</td><td>N/A</td><td>100.0 (98.8, 100.0)</td><td>326/326</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>2710</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2709</td><td>1</td><td>N/Aa</td><td>N/A</td><td>100.0 (99.8, 100.0)</td><td>2709/2710</td></tr><tr><td>RSV</td><td>Fresh</td><td>2374</td><td>48</td><td>1</td><td>2318</td><td>7</td><td>98.0 (89.3, 99.6)</td><td>48/49</td><td>99.7 (99.4, 99.9)</td><td>2318/2325</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>326</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>326</td><td>0</td><td>N/Aa</td><td>N/A</td><td>100.0 (98.8, 100.0)</td><td>326/326</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>2700</td><td>48</td><td>1</td><td>2644</td><td>7</td><td>98.0 (89.3, 99.6)</td><td>48/49</td><td>99.7 (99.5, 99.9)</td><td>2644/2651</td></tr><tr><td>SARS-CoV-2</td><td>Fresh</td><td>651</td><td>182</td><td>9</td><td>443</td><td>17</td><td>95.3 (91.3, 97.5)</td><td>182/191</td><td>96.3 (94.2, 97.7)</td><td>443/460</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Frozen</td><td>47</td><td>2</td><td>0</td><td>42</td><td>3</td><td>100.0 (34.2, 100.0)</td><td>2/2</td><td>93.3 (82.1, 97.7)</td><td>42/45</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Overall</td><td>698</td><td>184</td><td>9</td><td>485</td><td>20</td><td>95.3 (91.4, 97.5)</td><td>184/193</td><td>96.0 (94.0, 97.4)</td><td>485/505</td></tr></table>

PPA was not calculated because there was no CC positive specimen in this study.

# 4.2.2 Retrospective Clinical Study

Flu B prevalence was very low during the prospective clinical study; there was no comparator positive specimen to evaluate the performance of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay. To supplement the results of the prospective specimen population, retrospective specimen testing was performed using preselected archived flu B positive NP swab specimens in UVT or UTM collected during the 2017-2018 and 2019-2020 flu seasons, which were randomly mixed with known negative specimens to target $10 \%$ flu B prevalence. The specimens were tested with both Alinity m Resp-4-Plex and FDA cleared comparators for flu A, flu B, and RSV. Five hundred fifteen valid Alinity m Resp-4-Plex results were obtained for each of the flu A, flu B, and RSV analytes. Of these, 506 flu A analyte results, 504 of flu B analyte results, and 505 RSV analyte results were used in the analysis. CC could not be determined for 9 specimens for flu A, 11 specimens for flu B, and 10 specimens for RSV.

Demographic characteristics for the subjects included in the analysis from the retrospective population are shown in Table 12.

The performance of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay with retrospective specimens is summarized in Table 13. Alinity m Resp-4-Plex yielded NPA of $9 9 . 4 \%$ for the flu A analyte, PPA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and NPA of $9 8 . 5 \%$ for the flu B analyte, and NPA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ for the RSV analyte. PPA was not calculated for flu A or RSV because there was no CC positive for flu A and only 1 CC positive for RSV in the retrospective study.

Table 12. Summary of Demographic Characteristics for Subjects Included in the Final Analysis – Retrospective Population   

<table><tr><td>Alalysis — Retrospective Topulation Characteristic</td><td>Statistic</td></tr><tr><td>Age</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>b</td><td>506</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>22.1</td></tr><tr><td>Median</td><td>9</td></tr><tr><td>SD</td><td>24.86</td></tr><tr><td>Minimum</td><td>0</td></tr><tr><td>Maximum</td><td>93</td></tr><tr><td>Age Group</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Birth to 5 years</td><td>219 (43.3%)</td></tr><tr><td>6 to 21 years</td><td>99 (19.6%)</td></tr><tr><td>22 to 59 years</td><td>139 (27.5%)</td></tr><tr><td>≥ 60 years</td><td>49 (9.7%)</td></tr><tr><td>Gender</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Female</td><td>246 (48.6%)</td></tr><tr><td>Male</td><td>260 (51.4%)</td></tr><tr><td>Ethnicity</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Hispanic or Latino</td><td>257 (50.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>Not Hispanic or Latino</td><td>78 (15.4%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>171 (33.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>Race</td><td>n (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Othera</td><td>173 (34.2%)</td></tr><tr><td>White</td><td>109 (21.5%)</td></tr><tr><td>Black or African American</td><td>36 (7.1%)</td></tr><tr><td>Asian</td><td>9 (1.8%)</td></tr><tr><td>American Indian or Alaska Native</td><td>1 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td>Unknown</td><td>178 (35.2%)</td></tr></table>

a Documentation of races other than the categories listed were grouped under “Other”.

Table 13. Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Assay Performance with Retrospective Archived Specimens   

<table><tr><td colspan="7"></td><td colspan="2">Positive Percent Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="2">Negative Percent Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>N</td><td>CC+ Alinity++</td><td>CC+ Alinity-</td><td>CC- Alinity-</td><td>CC- Aliity+</td><td>Estimate (95% CI)</td><td>n/N</td><td>Estimate (95% CI)</td><td>n/N</td></tr><tr><td>flu A</td><td>506</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>503</td><td>3</td><td>N/Aa</td><td>N/A</td><td>99.4 (98.3, 99.8)</td><td>503/506</td></tr><tr><td>flu B</td><td>504</td><td>50</td><td>0</td><td>447</td><td>7</td><td>100.0 (92.9, 100.0)</td><td>50/50</td><td>98.5 (96.9, 99.3)</td><td>447/454</td></tr><tr><td>RSV</td><td>505</td><td>1</td><td>0</td><td>504</td><td>0</td><td>N/Aa</td><td>N/A</td><td>100.0 (99.2, 100.0)</td><td>504/504</td></tr></table>

PPA was not calculated because there was no CC positive for flu A and only 1 CC positive for RSV in this study.

# 4.2.3 Expected Values

The Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay included a total of 874 prospectively collected NPS specimens that were tested for SARS-CoV-2, of which 698 results were evaluable. Influenza A, influenza B, and RSV included 2,753 each for flu A and flu B analytes and 2,745 for RSV. Of these, 2,504 flu A analyte results, 2,710 flu B analyte results, and 2,700 RSV analyte results of the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay were evaluable. Positivity, as determined by the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex AMP Kit, are presented in Tables 14 – 16 for SARS-CoV-2 stratified by collection site and collection period and influenza A, influenza B, and RSV stratified by collection site.

Table 14: Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Expected Results by Specimen Collection Site for Specimens Collected from December 2020 to February 2021 for SARS-CoV-2   

<table><tr><td>Collection Site</td><td>N</td><td>Expected Value</td></tr><tr><td>Site 1 (Florida)</td><td>171</td><td>38.6% (66/171)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 2 (Georgia)</td><td>61</td><td>21.3% (13/61)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 3 (Tennessee)</td><td>108</td><td>20.4% (22/108)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 4 (Florida)</td><td>25</td><td>48.0% (12/25)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 5 (Ohio)</td><td>64</td><td>37.5% (24/64)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 6 (California)</td><td>34</td><td>67.6% (23/34)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 7 (Ohio)</td><td>56</td><td>41.1% (23/56)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 8 (Texas)</td><td>77</td><td>27.3% (21/77)</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>596</td><td>34.2% (204/596)</td></tr></table>

Table 15: Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Expected Results by Specimen Collection Site for Specimens Collected in May 2023 for SARS-CoV-2   

<table><tr><td>Collection Site</td><td>N</td><td>Expected Value</td></tr><tr><td>Site 1 (Texas)</td><td>65</td><td>0.0% (0/65)</td></tr><tr><td>Site 2 (Florida)</td><td>37</td><td>0.0% (0/37)</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>102</td><td>0.0% (0/102)</td></tr></table>

Table 16: Alinity m Resp-4-Plex Expected Results by Specimen Collection Site for Influenza A, Influenza B,   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>and RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Collection Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1 (Florida)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/301)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/301)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2 (IlInois)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 (26/1185)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (1/1222)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4% (29/1221)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3 (California)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2% (13/211)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/309)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2% (16/307)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4 (New York)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.0% (56/349)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/404)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7% (7/401)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 5 (New Jersey)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3% (9/97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2% (2/93)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 6 (Florida)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/15)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/15)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 7 (Georgia)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4% (3/56)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6% (1/62)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 8a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/291)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/300)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (0/300)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3% (107/2504)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% (1/2710)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0% (55/2700)</td></tr></table>

a (OUS, Southern Hemisphere)

# 5.0 Conclusion Drawn from the Studies

The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay on the Alinity m System performs comparably to the predicate device in qualitative detection and differentiation of influenza A virus (flu A), influenza B virus (flu B), Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2); the results support a substantial equivalence decision for the Alinity m Resp-4-Plex assay.