BioFire Diagnostics, LLC   
Karli Plenert   
Directory of Regulatory Affairs   
515 Colorow Drive   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84108

Re: K241194 Trade/Device Name: BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The Sars-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF, OZE, OCC, PGX, NSU Dated: April 29, 2024 Received: April 30, 2024

Dear Karli Plenert:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joseph Briggs -S

Joseph Briggs, Ph.D. Deputy Branch Chief

Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K241194

Device Name BIOFIRE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SPOTFIRE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini

Indications for Use (Describe) The BIOFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SPOTFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini is a multiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test intended for use with the BIOFIRE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SPOTFIRE $^ { \textregistered }$ System for the simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including COVID-19; (Respiratory menu) or in throat swab (TS) specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis (Sore Throat menu).

The following analytes are identified and differentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini:

Respiratory Menu: Viruses Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 Human rhinovirus Influenza A virus Influenza B virus Respiratory syncytial virus

Sore Throat Menu: Viruses Human rhinovirus Influenza A virus Influenza B virus Respiratory syncytial virus

Bacteria Streptococcus pyogenes (group A Strep)

Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS/TS specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or pharyngitis is indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism and aids in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness and/or pharyngitis may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or a respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by an NPS or TS specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini may not be the definite cause of disease.

Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection and/or pharyngitis.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini for use on the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System

510(k) Summary BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

# Introduction:

The purpose of this Special 510(k) submission is to obtain clearance for the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini (SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini). The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini is compatible with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System, a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based in vitro diagnostic system for infectious disease testing (K213954).

The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini is an identical product to the BIOFIRE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SPOTFIRE $\textcircled{8}$ Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel (K232954) except it uses modified labeling and modified software to report only five of the 15 targets on the Respiratory Menu and only five of the 14 targets on the Sore Throat Menu.

Modifications to the SPOTFIRE R/ST Mini Panel labeling, which includes changes to the Instructions for Use and Quic Guide, have been made to reflect the change in panel name and reported analytes.

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the information included with this submission provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC (bioMérieux) 515 Colorow Drive Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Contact: Karli Plenert, MBA Telephone: 385-414-4985 Email: Karli.Plenert@biomerieux.com

Date submitted: April 29, 2024

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade name: BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini

Primary Regulation Number for Device Classification: 21 CFR 866.3981

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.2680

Classification Name: Multi-Target Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Test Including SARS-CoV-2 And Other Microbial Agents

Additional Regulation Numbers: 21 CFR 866.2680, 21 CFR 866.3980, 21 CFR 862.2570

# Predicate Device:

K232954/CW230018 – BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel

# Intended Use:

The BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini is a multiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test intended for use with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System for the simultaneous, qualitative detection and identification of multiple respiratory viral and bacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) specimens obtained from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection, including COVID-19; (Respiratory menu) or in throat swab (TS) specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of pharyngitis (Sore Throat menu).

The following analytes are identified and differentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini:

Table 1. SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini Analytes   

<table><tr><td>Respiratory Menu</td><td>Sore Throat Menu</td></tr><tr><td>Viruses</td><td>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td>Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2</td><td>Human rhinovirus</td></tr><tr><td>Human rhinovirus</td><td>Influenza A virus</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza A virus</td><td>Influenza B virus</td></tr><tr><td>Influenza B virus</td><td>Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pyogenes (group A Strep)</td></tr></table>

Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in NPS/TS specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral and bacterial nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory infection and/or pharyngitis is indicative of the presence of the identified microorganism and aids in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illness and/or pharyngitis may be due to infection with pathogens that are not detected by this test, or a respiratory tract infection that may not be detected by an NPS or TS specimen. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with other organisms. The agent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini may not be the definite cause of disease.

Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viral culture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) may be necessary when evaluating a patient with possible respiratory tract infection and/or pharyngitis.

# Device Description:

The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini simultaneously identifies 5 different respiratory viral pathogens in nasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) or 5 different viral and bacterial pharyngitis pathogens in throat swabs (TS) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infections or pharyngitis, respectively, (see Table 1) The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini is compatible with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® System, a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based in vitro diagnostic system for infectious disease testing. The BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE System Software executes the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini test and interprets and reports the test results. The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini was designed to be used in CLIA-waived environments.

A test is initiated by loading Hydration Solution into the hydration solution injection port of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini pouch and NPS or TS specimen, mixed with the provided Sample Buffer, into the other sample injection port of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini pouch and placing it in the SPOTFIRE System. The pouch contains all the reagents required for specimen testing and analysis in a freeze-dried format; the addition of Hydration Solution and Sample/Buffer Mix rehydrates the reagents. After the pouch is prepared, the SPOTFIRE System Software guides the user through the steps of placing the pouch into the instrument, scanning the pouch barcode, entering the sample identification, and initiating the run.

The SPOTFIRE System contains coordinated systems of inflatable bladders and seal points, which act on the pouch to control the movement of liquid between the pouch blisters. When a bladder is inflated over a reagent blister, it forces liquid from the blister into connecting channels. Alternatively, when a seal is placed over a connecting channel it acts as a valve to open or close a channel. In addition, electronically-controlled pneumatic pistons are positioned over multiple plungers in order to deliver the rehydrated reagents into the blisters at the appropriate times. Two Peltier devices control heating and cooling of the pouch to drive the PCR reactions and the melt curve analysis.

Nucleic acid extraction occurs within the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini pouch using mechanical and chemical lysis followed by purification using standard magnetic bead technology. After extracting and purifying nucleic acids from the unprocessed sample, the SPOTFIRE System performs a nested multiplex PCR that is executed in two stages. During the first stage, the SPOTFIRE System performs a single, large volume, highly multiplexed reverse transcription PCR (rt-PCR) reaction. The products from first stage PCR are then diluted and combined with a fresh, primer-free master mix and a fluorescent doublestranded DNA binding dye (LC Green® Plus, BioFire Diagnostics). The solution is then distributed to each well of the array. Array wells contain sets of primers designed specifically to amplify sequences internal to the PCR products generated during the first stage PCR reaction. The 2nd stage PCR, or nested PCR, is performed in singleplex fashion in each well of the array. At the conclusion of the 2nd stage PCR, the array is interrogated by melt curve analysis for the detection of signature amplicons denoting the presence of specific targets. A digital camera placed in front of the 2nd stage PCR captures fluorescent images of the PCR reactions and software interprets the data.

The SPOTFIRE System Software automatically interprets the results of each DNA melt curve analysis and combines the data with the results of the internal pouch controls to provide a test result for each organism on the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini is substantially equivalent to the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel (K232954/CW230018), which was cleared and CLIA-waived on March 26, 2024, and determined to be a Class II device under the classification code 21 CFR 866.3981.

comparision of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini to the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel is provided in Table 2.

Table 2. Similarities and differences between the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel and the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel(K232954/CW230018)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device: SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/SoreThroat Panel (SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel) is amultiplexed polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testintended for use with the BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE®System for the simultaneous, qualitative detectionand identification of multiple respiratory viral andbacterial nucleic acids in nasopharyngeal swab(NPS) specimens obtained from individuals withsigns and symptoms of respiratory tract infection,including COViD-19; (Respiratory menu) or in throatswab (TS) specimens from individuals with signsand symptoms of pharyngitis (Sore Throat menu).The following analytes are identified anddifferentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel:Respiratory MenuVirusesAdenovirusCoronavirus SARS-CoV-2Coronavirus (seasonal)Human metapneumovirusHuman rhinovirus/enterovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza A virus A/H1-2009Influenza A virus A/H3Influenza B virusParainfluenza virusRespiratory syncytial virusBacteriaBordetella parapertussisBordetella pertussisChlamydia pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same except the following analytes are identified anddifferentiated using the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini:Respiratory MenuVirusesCoronavirus SARS-CoV-2Human rhinovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza B virusRespiratory syncytial virusSore Throat MenuVirusesHuman rhinovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza B virusRespiratory syncytial virusBacteriaStreptococcus pyogenes (group A Strep)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human rhinovirus/enterovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza A virus A/H1-2009Influenza A virus A/H3Influenza B virusParainfluenza virusRespiratory syncytial virusBacteriaChlamydia pneumoniaeMycoplasma pneumoniaeStreptococcus dysgalactiae (group C/G Strep)Streptococcus pyogenes (group A Strep)Nucleic acids from the viral and bacterial organismsidentified by this test are generally detectable inNPS/TS specimens during the acute phase ofinfection. The detection and identification of specificviral and bacterial nucleic acids from individualsexhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratoryinfection and/or pharyngitis is indicative of thepresence of the identified microorganism and aids indiagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinicaland epidemiological information, and laboratoryfindings. The results of this test should not be usedas the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or otherpatient management decisions.Negative results in the setting of a respiratory illnessand/or pharyngitis may be due to infection withpathogens that are not detected by this test, or arespiratory tract infection that may not be detectedby an NPS or TS specimen. Positive results do notrule out coinfection with other organisms. Theagent(s) detected by the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panelmay not be the definite cause of disease.Additional laboratory testing (e.g., bacterial and viralculture, immunofluorescence, and radiography) maybe necessary when evaluating a patient withpossible respiratory tract infection and/orpharyngitis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasopharyngeal swab in transport mediaorThroat swab in transport media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Organisms detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusesAdenovirusCoronavirus SARS-CoV-2Coronavirus (seasonal)Human metapneumovirusHuman rhinovirus/enterovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza A virus A/H1-2009Influenza A virus A/H3Influenza B virusParainfluenza virusRespiratory syncytial virusBacteriaChlamydia pneumoniaeMycoplasma pneumoniaeBordetella parapertussisBordetella pertussisStreptococcus dysgalactiae (group C/G Strep)Streptococcus pyogenes (group A Strep)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirusesCoronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (Respiratory Menu only)Human rhinovirusInfluenza A virusInfluenza B virusRespiratory syncytial virusBacteriaStreptococcus pyogenes (group A Strep)(Sore Throat Menu only)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA/RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>OFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore ThroatApril 29, 2024                                                           Pac</td></tr></table>

(R/ST) Panel Mini Special 510(k) Submission

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technological Principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highly multiplexed nested nucleic acid amplificationtest with melt analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>About 15 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation and reporting. Usercannot access raw data.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in each reagent pouch tocontrol for sample processing and both stages ofPCR and melt analysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User complexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low (CLIA-waived)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate (Intending to seek CLIA Waiver followingclearance of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Software Functions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defines panel-specific parameters, instrumentprotocols and report requirements.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzes processed image data (fluorescence andtemperature data) and provides test results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

The performance data for the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini is summarized in the BIOFIRE SPOTFIRE Respiratory/Sore Throat Panel Mini Instructions for Use. A summary of the R/ST Panel Mini performance data is also provided below.

# Clinical Performance

Table 3 and Table 4 provide a summary of the performance of each analyte from all studies performed for NPS and TS specimens, respectively.

Table 3. R/ST Panel Mini Performance Summary for NPS Specimens (Respiratory Menu; as tested by intended users)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelR Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5-99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1031/1037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Human rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345/348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5-99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>695/767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3-92.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>439/454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6-98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1115/1115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58/59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0-99.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>423/423</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1110/1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26/27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7-99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1086/1088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440/447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8-99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

Table 4. R/ST Panel Mini Performance Summary for TS Specimens (Sore Throat Menu; as tested by intended users)a   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelST Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Human rhinovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202/213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0-97.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>619/662</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4-95.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1-99.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SPOTFIRE R/ST PanelST Menu Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity/PPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity/NPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>840/840</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.1-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44/44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93/93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332/332</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza B virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>872/872</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47/49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3-98.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333/333</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Respiratory syncytial virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.0-95.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>849/851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7-99.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5-99.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381/381</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes(group A  Strep)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prospective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209/217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9-98.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654/660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0-99.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174/177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1-99.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>654/692</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6-96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8-99.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.2-100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contrived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

The performance measures of sensitivity and specificity only refer to the Prospective and Archived Streptococcus analytes for which culture was used as the reference method. Performance measures of PPA and NPA refer to all other analytes, for which molecular assays or known specimen composition were used as comparator methods.

# Analytical Performance Characteristics

Bench performance (analytical) testing for the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini was designed to validate the performance of all analytes and to support testing of both sample types, NPS and TS specimens. Table 5 provides an overall summary of the analytical studies, their results, and conclusions.

Table 5. Summary of Bench Performance (Analytical) Testing for the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Storage andHandling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The purpose of this studywas to establish thataccurate test results areobserved for allSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini analytes, includingsore throat-specificbacteria that had notbeen previouslyevaluated, when throatswab (TS) specimens inAmies media (TSa) arestored within the samerange of storageconditions previouslyvalidated fornasopharyngeal swab(NPS) specimens in liquidmedia.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the storage conditionto be consideredacceptable for eachorganism, 100% expectedpositive results wererequired to be observedin all samples tested. Inaddition, crossing point(Cp) values wereevaluated for eachrelevant assay andtrended across theconditions to assessanalyte stability over time.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive results wereobserved in 100% of allTSa samples tested at allconditions evaluated forall SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini analytes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel provides accurateresults when TSspecimens are stored inAmies media for up to 4hours at ambienttemperature (15-25 C),up to 3 days atrefrigerated temperature(2-8 °), and up to 30days at frozentemperature (≤ -15 °C).Similar results werepreviously observed withNPS specimens stored intransport media.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Limit of Detection</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The purpose of this studywas to determine theLimit of Detection (LoD)for all analytes detectedby the SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini in twocommon liquid media,Viral Transport Media(VTM) and Amies media.In addition, testing wasperformed to assesswhether the presence of</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The LoD for eachSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini analyte wasconfirmed when positiveresults were reported in atleast 95% (≥19/20) ofreplicates tested at theLoD (1× LoD), and fewerthan 95% (≤18/20) ofreplicates tested at a</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>The LoD concentrationsfor the SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini analytes wereconfirmed in viable orinfectious units (e.g.TCID50/mL, CFU/mL,cells/mL, IFU/mL,CEID50/mL, CCU/mL)and/or nucleic acidcopies/mL. The panelaccurately detectedviruses and bacteria in</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The LoD was determinedfor each analyte detectedby the SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini in VTM and/orAmies media, whereappropriate, for theRespiratory and SoreThroat menus,respectively. TheSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini provides accuratedetection results for all</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>accurately detected</td></tr></table>

BIOFIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat (R/ST) Panel Mini Special 510(k) Submission

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sample has an impact onthe ability of the panel todetect low level analytescompared to samplescontaining only oneorganism.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>below LoD (0.1× LoD).Equivalent detection ofrepresentative analytes insingle analyte and multi-analyte samples wasdetermined primarilybased on concordance ofpositive or negativeresults at each testconcentration.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>either VIM or Amiesmedia containing one ormultiple organisms.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>polymicrobial specimenswhen present at or abovethe LoD. No adverseeffect on the analyticalsensitivity of theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini was observed whenevaluating multi-analytespecimens.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Reactivity(Inclusivity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The purpose of this studywas to evaluate theanalytical reactivity(inclusivity) of theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini assays.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The primary dataevaluated for this studywere the reportedpositive, negative, anduncertain results. Theassay reactivity of eachisolate was confirmed ifpositive results werereported for theappropriate analyte in 3/3or 4/5 replicates testedwithin 10x LoD. If positiveresults were reported infewer than 4/5 replicates,additional testing wasperformed at 100x LoD orhigher. Isolates that didnot yield the expectedresults at or below 10xLoD were furtherinvestigated to determinethe cause of thelimitation. Isolates withreactivity limitations willbe noted in theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini product literature.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical reactivitytesting demonstrated thatthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini can detect andaccurately report resultsfor a diverse collection ofisolates from a variety ofstrains, serotypes, andgenotypes of speciescollected over manyyears and fromgeographically distinctlocations with fewlimitations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini detected andaccurately reportedresults for variousspecies, subspecies,serotypes, and genotypesthat may be present innasopharyngeal andthroat swab specimens.The following limitation onreactivity was identifiedand is noted in the devicelabeling:Rare strains ofStreptococcuspyogenes do notcontain the region ofthe genome targetedby the SPOTFIRER/ST Panel Mini andare not detected.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Specificity(Exclusivity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The objective of this studywas to assess theanalytical specificity(exclusivity) of theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini by challenging thesystem with highconcentrations ofanalytes and evaluatingthe occurrence ofunexpected positiveresults due to assaycross-reactivity. Testingwas divided into twocategories: on-panel andoff-panel. The on-panelexclusivity evaluationassessed the potential forintra-panel cross-reactivity by testingrepresentative organismsthat are targeted by thepanel. The off-panelexclusivity evaluationassessed the potential forcross-reactivity of panelassays with organismsnot detected by the panel.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The primary resultsevaluated for this studywere positive, negative,and uncertaininterpretations for eachpanel analyte. On-panelorganisms were expectedto have a positive resultfor the analyte beingtested and negativeresults for all otheranalytes targeted by thepanel. Off-panelorganisms were expectedto have negative resultsfor all panel analytes,unless otherwiseindicated.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three cross-reactivitieswere identified byempirical and/or in silicoevaluations that arepredicted to causeinaccurate test results forthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini. Two of theidentified cross-reactivities are due toreactivity betweenphylogenetic near-neighbors that are rarelyobserved in humansamples. Only one cross-reactivity (HRV/EV assaywith select Bordetellaspecies) was due to non-specific interactionsbetween assay primersand sequences within thegenome of unrelatedorganisms.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini assays arespecific for the intendedanalytes, with thefollowing limitations thatare noted in the devicelabeling:The SARS-CoV-2assays can amplifyselect sequencesfrom closely relatedsarbecovirusesisolated from batsand pangolin.Some Bordetellaspecies (B.pertussis, B.parapertussis, and B.bronchiseptica) willbe reported asHuman rhinoviruswhen organisms arepresent at a highconcentration.Some bovine andcanine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>FIRE® SPOTFIRE® Respiratory/Sore Throat</td></tr></table>

(R/ST) Panel Mini Special 510(k) Submission

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">picornaviruses maybe reported asHuman rhinovirus.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference(InterferingSubstances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to evaluate thepotential for relevantsubstances to interferewith the performance ofthe assay internalcontrols or the ability ofthe system to accuratelyreport test results whenanalytes were presentnear the LoD. Substancestested included:• Endogenoussubstances that may befound in clinicalspecimens.•Exogenous substancesthat may be present inclinical specimens,such as medications,treatments, or topicalapplications.Technique-specific thatcould contactspecimens duringcollection or testing.•Microorganisms thatcould be present aspart of normalmicrobiota or as aninfectious organism.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The primary resultsevaluated for this studywere the pass, fail, orinvalid results for theinternal pouch controlassays and analytepositive and negativeresults.If an unexpected result orcontrol failure wasobserved for one replicateof a sample containing apotentially interferingsubstance, the affectedsample was retested intwo additional pouches todetermine if the failurewas reproducible.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accurate results for theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini were reported in thepresence of a variety ofpotentially interferingsubstances that may bepresent in clinical NPS orTS specimens(endogenous substancesor microorganisms) orcould be introducedduring testing (exogenoussubstances or techniquespecific substances).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini providesaccurate results in thepresence of variouspotentially interferingsubstances. Although thesamples evaluated in thisstudy were not affectedby the damaging effectsof bleach on nucleicacids, a general warningto avoid contact betweensamples and bleach isnoted in the devicelabeling.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near-LoD/Reproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to evaluate theprecision (reproducibility)of analyte detection bythe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini and todemonstrate that theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini could reproduciblyprovide accurate resultsfor weak-positive andnegative samples whenused by the intendedoperators at CLIA-waivedsites. This study wasperformed on threeunique SPOTFIRESystems at BioFireDiagnostics (BioFire) andat three distinct clinicalsites holding a CLIAwaiver.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The primary resultsevaluated for this studywere positive andnegative results for eachSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini analyte. For allorganisms, a minimum of90% agreement with theexpected positive resultswas required (≥95%agreement desired) todemonstrate thereproducibility of positiveresults, and a minimum of95% agreement with theexpected negative resultswas required.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For positive samples,agreement with theexpected positive results(all systems/sites) was≥98% for all analytes.The agreement with theexpected negative resultswas 100% for allanalytes.The total positiveagreement reported fortesting completed atBioFire and at clinicalsites was nearly identical(99.8% (629/630) and99.0% (416/420),respectively) whichdemonstrates theaccuracy andreproducibility of results inthe hands of both trainedand untrained operators,respectively, andindicates that the useconditions or variablesevaluated in the study(site, system, testing day,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini providesaccurate and reproducibleanalyte detection resultsover time and in actualuse conditions whentesting was performedover multiple days, byoperators with differinglevels of expertise, atdifferent sites, usingdifferent SpotFireSystems and differentreagent kit lots. Takentogether, the results ofthis study support use ofthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini andSPOTFIRE System atsites that hold a CLIACertificate of Waiver.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptance Criteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">module, operator, and lot)had no impact on theoverall reproducibility ofresults.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix Validation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to verify the artificialmatrices to be used forevaluation of theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent performancebetween the artificial andnatural sample matriceswas determined primarilybased on agreement ofpositive and negativeresults at each testconcentration. Artificialand natural matrices wereconsidered equivalent ifnegative results wereobserved at the same orsimilar test concentration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance of theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini was determined tobe equivalent in naturaland artificial NPS (nNSand aNS) and in naturaland artificial throat swab(nTS and aTS) matricesfor four representativepanel analytes. In allcases, negative resultswere observed in artificialand natural matrices atthe same or similar testconcentrations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent results areachieved when samplesare prepared in naturaland artificial NPS ornatural and artificial TSmatrices and tested withthe SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini. The results ofthis study demonstratedthat the artificial NPS andartificial TS matrices wereacceptable for use inanalytical evaluation ofSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini performance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transport MediaValidation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to verify that varioustypes of transport mediaare compatible with theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini, including BD™MUniversal Viral Transport(BD Medical), and RemelMicroTest™ M4RT® Multi-Microbe Media(ThermoFisher).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The primary metric for thedetermination ofcompatibility was percentagreement, between thecandidate medium andthe control medium (CDCVTM formulation) for eachspiked analyte at eachtest concentration. If theoverall agreement was100% when testing abovethe LoD and ≥95% whentesting at the LoD, thenthe candidate mediumwas determined to becompatible. It wasacceptable for theagreement to be less than95% when testing belowthe LoD.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalent analytedetection was observedfor all representativeanalytes when sampleswere prepared in each ofthe candidate mediatypes (BD™ UniversalViral Transport, andRemel MicroTest™M4RT® Multi-MicrobeMedia) compared to thecontrol medium (CDCVTM).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The SPOTFIRE R/STPanel Mini demonstratedequivalent results whensamples were prepared inViral Transport Media,BD™M Universal ViralTransport, and RemelMicroTest™ M4RT® Multi-Microbe Media. Thesetransport media areindicated in the productlabeling as suitable foruse with the SPOTFIRER/ST Panel Mini.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Carry Over</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this studywas to evaluate thelikelihood of sample-to-sample carry-over duringpouch loading and testingof contrived liquidsamples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive and negativeanalyte results wereevaluated for eachsample. For positivesamples, a positive resultwas expected for theanalyte being tested andnegative results wereexpected for all otheranalytes on the panel.Negative samples wereexpected to have anegative result for allanalytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No unexpected positiveresults were observed inthis study.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This study demonstratedthat sample-to-samplecarry-over betweensamples containing highconcentrations oforganism and negativesamples is unlikely tooccur and that carry-overposes an acceptable riskto the accuracy of theSPOTFIRE R/ST PanelMini test results whentesting is performedaccording to theinstructions for use.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The fundamental scientific technology, performance, and risk of the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini remain unchanged from the legally marketed SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel. There is no change to the product itself, except for modified software that has been verified and validated to show no change in safety and effectiveness. Therefore, the SPOTFIRE R/ST Panel Mini performs as well as the predicate device.