Beckman Coulter, Inc Brenda Eifert Staff Regulatory Affairs 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, Minnesota 55318

Re: K241427 Trade/Device Name: Access Syphilis Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3830 Regulation Name: Treponema Pallidum Treponemal Test Reagents Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LIP Dated: May 17, 2024 Received: May 20, 2024

Dear Brenda Eifert:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Himani Bisht -S

Himani Bisht, Ph.D.   
Assistant Director   
Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Submission Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K241427</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Access Syphilis</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The Access Syphilis assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the qualitative detection of total antibodies to Treponema pallidum in human serum and plasma using the Access I es. neunhi a nontreponemal laboratory test and clinical findings to aid in the diagnosis of syphilis infection. The Access Syphilis assay is not intended for blood and tissue donor screening.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW

Teburdenthoctinoationtiateverehours ppnsenc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain thedata needed and complete an review the colectioninformation Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any otheraspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K241427

Date Prepared: September 6, 2024

Submitter Name and Address: Beckman Coulter, Inc 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Primary Contact:   
Brenda Eifert   
Staff Regulatory Affairs   
Email: beifert@beckman.com   
Phone: (800) 854-3633

Alternate Contact: Loretta Lydon O’Toole Staff Regulatory Affairs Email: lotoole@beckman.com Phone: (800) 854-3633

Trade Name: Access Syphilis   
Common Name: Treponema pallidum treponemal test reagents   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3830   
Classification Product Code: LIP

Predicate Device:Abbott ARCHITECT™ Syphilis TP, 8D06

# Device Description

The Access Syphilis assay is a two-step enzyme immunoassay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel with buffer, paramagnetic particles coated with recombinant Treponema pallidum antigens Tp17 and Tp47, and biotinylated Treponema Tp17 & Tp47 antigens. After incubation in a reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Alkaline phosphatase conjugates are added, and the conjugates bind to the immunoglobulin captured on the particles. A chemiluminescent substrate is added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production is proportional to the amount of Treponema pallidum antibodies in the sample. The light quantity measured for a sample allows a determination of the presence of the analyte by comparison with a cut-off value defined during the assay calibration on the instrument.

The Access Syphilis reagents are provided in liquid ready-to-use format designed for optimal performance on the Beckman Coulter Access Immunoassay Systems. Each reagent kit contains two reagent packs.

# Intended Use

The Access Syphilis assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the qualitative detection of total antibodies to Treponema pallidum in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. It is intended to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of syphilis or in conjunction with a non-treponemal laboratory test and clinical findings to aid in the diagnosis of syphilis infection. The Access Syphilis assay is not intended for blood and tissue donor screening.

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features ICharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAccess Syphilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K153730)ARCHITECT Syphilis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Intended Useand ClinicalIndications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access Immunoassay Systems IFU:The Access Syphilis assay is aparamagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassay for thequalitative detection of total antibodiesto Treponema pallidum in human serumand plasma using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. It is intendedto be used as an aid in the diagnosisof syphilis or in conjunction with anontreponemal laboratory test andclinical findings to aid in thediagnosis of syphilis infection. TheAccess Syphilis assay is not intendedfor blood and tissue donor screening.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ARCHITECT Syphilis TP assay isa chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA) for thequalitative detection of antibodies (IgGand IgM) directed against Treponemapallidum (TP) in human serum andplasma. The ARCHITECT SyphilisTP assay is intended to be used asan initial diagnostic test or inconjunction with a nontreponemallaboratory test and clinical findingsto aid in the diagnosis of syphilisinfection.Warning: The ARCHITECT SyphilisTP assay is not intended for use inscreening blood, plasma, or tissuedonors. The effectiveness of theARCHITECT Syphilis TP assay foruse in screening blood, plasma, ortissue donors has not beenestablished.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environment of Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Health Care Providers requestingsamples to be tested by clinicallaboratory technicians</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antigen sources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant Treponema pallidumantigens Tp17 and Tp47, andbiotinylated Treponema Tp17 &amp; Tp47antigens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recombinant TP antigens: TpN15,TpN17 and TpN47 (obtained in E.coli)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-step sandwich enzymeimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated, Chemiluminescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompatibleAnticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum:Serum and serum separator tubeHuman Plasma:Lithium HeparinLithium Heparin separator tubeDipotassium (K2) EDTATripotassium (K3) EDTASodium CitrateAcid Citrate Dextrose (ACD)Citrate Phosphate Dextrose (CPD)Citrate Phosphate Dextrose withAdenine (CPDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum:Serum and serum separator tubeHuman Plasma:Dipotassium EDTATripotassium EDTALithium heparin plasma separatorLithium heparinSodium heparin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~45 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access Immunoassay Systems:Access 2 Immunoassay System•  Dxl 9000 Access ImmunoassayAnalyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT iSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Result Reporting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactive, Non-reactive and S/CO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactive, Non-reactive and S/CO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•Access 2 Immunoassay System ~30minutesDxl 9000 Access ImmunoassayAnalyzer ~22 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~ 29 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage andStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened at 2 to 10°C up to statedexpiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened at 2 to 8°C up to statedexpiration date</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent On-boardSability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56 Days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Studies – Access 2 Immunoassay System

# Imprecision

The assay was designed to have within-laboratory imprecision as listed below:

 $\leq 0 . 1 0$ SD at concentrations of $< 1 . 0 0 { \sf S } / { \sf C } 0$  $\leq 1 0 . 0 \%$ CV at concentrations ≥ 1.00 S/CO

The imprecision of the Access Syphilis assay on the Access 2 Immunoassay Systems was evaluated in a study based on CLSI EP05-A3 guidance.

The within-laboratory intermediate precision study included two test runs per day over 20 test days. A four-member panel of serum (S1-S4) samples and the Access Syphilis QC were assayed in each run (in duplicate). Three lots of Access Syphilis reagent and calibrator were tested on an Access 2 Immunoassay Analyzer for the study. The results are presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.704</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.074</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1 (Low Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2 (High Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.708</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3 (Low Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.819</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td></tr></table>

Note: %CV are not meaningful when dose approaches zero. Results are noted as N/A.

# Between-Lot Precision

A six-member panel, including serum samples (S1-S4) and two assay controls, were assayed at three clinical sites, using three lots of Access Syphilis reagent to obtain between-lot precision. Each panel member was assayed in replicates of four, twice a day over 5 days. The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within ReagentPack Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between ReagentPack Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1 (Low Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2 (High Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3 (Low Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr></table>

Note: $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ are not meaningful when dose approaches zero. Results are noted as N/A.

# Reproducibility

A 5-day between lab reproducibility study was performed on the Access 2 Immunoassay Systems based on CLSI EP05- A3 guidance. A six-member panel, including serum samples (S1-S4) and two assay controls, were assayed at three clinical sites, using three lots of Access Syphilis reagent on three instruments. Each panel member was assayed in replicates of four at two separate times per day. The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability hin Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1 (LowNegative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2 (High Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3 (Lowsitive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4(Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr></table>

Note: %CV are not meaningful when dose approaches zero. Results are noted as N/A.

# INTERFERING SUBSTANCES

The Access Syphilis assay was evaluated for interference consistent with CLSI document EP07 3rd Edition. Testing was performed using two nonreactive (one low negative and one high negative) and two reactive (one low positive and one positive) samples. Of the endogenous compounds tested, none were found to cause interference at the highest test concentrations indicated in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triolein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.351 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.5 g/L*</td></tr></table>

\*Interference was noted at a concentration of ${ \tt 6 0 } { \tt g } / { \tt L }$ . A dose effect study was conducted, with no interference observed $\mathtt { s 4 7 . 5 9 } \mathtt { L }$ .

The following pharmaceutical substances were also evaluated and no interference with the assay was observed: acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), acetaminophen (paracetamol), ibuprofen, azithromycin, ceftriaxone sodium, doxycycline hyclate.

# Cross Reactivity

Cross-reactivity was evaluated by testing samples for potentially cross-reacting conditions. No crossreactivity was observed. The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReactive Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofNonreactiveSamples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnant multipara</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemodialysis patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transplant patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Anti-mouse Antibody (HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Nuclear Antibody (ANA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyme Disease (Borrelia garinii, Borrelia afzelii&amp; Borrelia burgdorferi s.s.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus (EBV) IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus (EBV) IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leptospirosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus Erythemateous (SLE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A Virus (HAV) Total Ab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A Virus (HAV) IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) - HBs Ag positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) -anti-HBs positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) - HBc IgM positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) - Anti HBc total positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis C Virus (HCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HTLV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HTLV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) 1&amp; 2 IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) 1 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) 2 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Escherichia coli (E.coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple myeloma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu vaccinated patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Phospholipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TOTAL                                                            337                        0                        337</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Evaluation – Access 2 Immunoassay System

A total of 1,104 prospectively collected specimens from the intended use population were tested using the Access Syphilis assay. 704 $( 6 3 . 8 \% )$ were female and 400 $( 3 6 . 2 \% )$ were male, with an age range of 12 to $> 8 9$ years. The Access Syphilis assay was reactive in 214 ( $( 1 9 . 4 \% )$ of specimens collected from the intended use population.

Distribution of the Access Syphilis Reactive and Nonreactive results in the intended use population by age and gender   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age Range(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Access Syphilis Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive N(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive N(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12-20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 (95.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (20.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 (79.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (3.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248 (96.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (50.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (5.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199 (94.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (43.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 (56.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (13.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 (86.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 (43.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 (56.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (75.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (29.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (70.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (26.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (73.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (15.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (84.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (6.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (93.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214 (19.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>890 (80.6)</td></tr></table>

\* NOTE: One (1) subject was $> 8 9$ years

# Clinical Performance

A multicenter study was conducted to evaluate the clinical performance of the Access Syphilis assay. A total of 1,910 specimens were included in this study with 1,104 prospectively collected specimens from the intended use population, 402 retrospective specimens from patients, 204 prospectively collected specimens from apparently healthy individuals, 150 retrospective specimens from patients with medically diagnosed syphilis, and 50 retrospective specimens from individuals at high-risk of sexually transmitted disease.

The specimens were tested at three sites in a randomized and blinded fashion (all cohorts), using the Access Syphilis assay, and a final comparator result was obtained using a composite testing algorithm consisting of the following FDA-approved assays: the predicate treponemal immunoassay, a nontreponemal assay (RPR – Rapid Plasma Reagin), and a second treponemal assay (TPPA - Treponema Pallidum Particle Agglutination).

# Clinical Performance in Intended Use Population

A total of 1,104 specimens from the intended use population were prospectively collected and tested with Access Syphilis and the composite testing algorithm described above. The study included specimens from 399 patients sent for syphilis testing, 405 pregnant women and $3 0 0 ~ { \mathsf { H N } }$ positive patients.

Summary of the Serological Profile for all Prospectively Collected Specimens from the Intended Use Population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateTreponemalImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FinalComparatorResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,104</td></tr></table>

$+ =$ Reactive; - $=$ Nonreactive; NA $=$ not performed; INC $=$ Inconclusive

The overall positive percent agreement was $100 \%$ (184/184) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 98.0 to $100 \%$ and the overall negative percent agreement was $9 6 . 7 \%$ (890/920) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 95.4 to $9 7 . 7 \%$

Percent Agreement for Intended Use Subpopulations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subpopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Routine Syphilis Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(94.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338/3391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7(98.4 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnant Women</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(61.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398/399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8(98.6 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV Positive Patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(96.9 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154/1822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6(78.7 - 89.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184/184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(98.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>890/920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7(95.4 - 97.7)</td></tr></table>

1 One (1) specimen from the routine syphilis testing cohort was reactive by an FDA-cleared treponemal immunoassay and nonreactive by RPR and TPPA. 2 Twenty-five (25) out of twenty-eight (28) discordants were found to be reactive using an additional FDA-cleared electrochemiluminescent immunoassay. Eleven (11) of these were also reactive by the predicate treponemal immunoassay.

# Clinical Performance in Retrospective Specimens

A cohort of 402 retrospective specimens were included in the study, of which 22 were from pregnant females.

Summary of the Serological Profile for Retrospective Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateTreponemalImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FinalComparatorResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td></tr></table>

$+ =$ Reactive; - $=$ Nonreactive; NA $=$ not performed; INC $=$ Inconclusive

Comparison between the Access Syphilis Results and the Final Comparator Results in Retrospective Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Retrospective Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final Comparator Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td></tr></table>

1 Three (3) specimens were reactive by treponemal immunoassay and nonreactive by RPR and TPPA

The positive percent agreement was $100 \%$ (398/398) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 99.0 to $100 \%$ and the negative percent agreement was $2 5 . 0 \%$ (1/4) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 4.6 to $6 9 . 9 \%$ .

# Clinical Performance in Apparently Healthy Individuals

Of the total 1,910 specimens in the study, 204 were prospectively collected from apparently healthy individuals. Results of the Access Syphilis assay are shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Apparently Healthy Individuals</td><td colspan="2">Access Syphilis Result</td></tr><tr><td>Reactive (%)</td><td>Nonreactive (%)</td></tr><tr><td>18 (8.8)</td><td>186 (91.2)</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance in Medically Diagnosed Patients

A total of 150 retrospective specimens from patients with medically diagnosed syphilis (primary, secondary, and latent stages) were included in the study. Results of the Access Syphilis assay are shown in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Syphilis Stage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Treatment Status</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Access Syphilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Primary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Latent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

1 These seven (7) specimens also tested nonreactive with an FDA-cleared treponemal immunoassay.

# Clinical Performance in Pregnant Females

A total of 427 pregnant female specimens were included in the study, with 405 prospectively collected and 22 retrospectively collected specimens. Percent Agreement Between Access Syphilis and the Final Comparator Result by Trimester   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement% (x/n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreemment% (x/n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Prospectively Collected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (59/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Second Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (37/37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Third Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0- 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (302/303)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2- 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (398/399)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Retrospective Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0- 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA (0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Second Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (9/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1- 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA (0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Third Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (5/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA (0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 -79.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 (1/2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5-90.6</td></tr></table>

NA – Not applicable

# Clinical Performance in High-Risk Individuals

Of the total 1,910 specimens in the study, 50 retrospective specimens were from individuals at highrisk of sexually transmitted disease.

Comparison Between the Access Syphilis Results and the Final Comparator Results in High-Risk Individuals   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>High-Risk Individuals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final Comparator Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

1 One (1) specimen was reactive by treponemal immunoassay and nonreactive by RPR and TPPA

The percent agreement was $100 \%$ (20/20) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 83.9 to $100 \%$ and the negative percent agreement was $80 . 0 \%$ (24/30) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 62.7 to $9 0 . 5 \%$ .

# Summary of Studies – DxI 9000 Immunoassay Analyzer

# Imprecision

The assay was designed to have within-laboratory imprecision as listed below:

 $\leq 0 . 1 0$ SD at concentrations of $< 1 . 0 0 { \sf S } / { \sf C } 0$  $\leq 1 0 . 0 \%$ CV at concentrations $\geq 1 . 0 0 \mathsf { S } / \mathsf { C O }$

The imprecision of the Access Syphilis assay on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzer was evaluated in a study based on CLSI EP05-A3 guidance.

The within-laboratory intermediate precision study included two test runs per day over 20 test days. A four-member panel of serum (S1-S4) samples and the Access Syphilis QC were assayed in each run (in duplicate). Three lots of Access Syphilis reagent and calibrator were tested on two DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay Analyzers for the study, with each lot tested on one instrument. The results are presented below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot &amp;Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.786</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1 (LowNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2 (HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.779</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3 (LowPositive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td></tr></table>

Note: $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ are not meaningful when dose approaches zero. Results are noted as N/A.

# Between-Lot Precision

A six-member panel, including serum samples (S1-S4) and two assay controls, were assayed at three clinical sites, using three lots of Access Syphilis reagent to obtain between-lot precision. Each panel member was assayed in replicates of four, twice a day over 5 days. The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within ReagentPack Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between ReagentPack Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1 (Low Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2 (High Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3 (Low Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.537</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.616</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td></tr></table>

Note: $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ are not meaningful when dose approaches zero. Results are noted as N/A.

# Reproducibility

A 5-day between lab reproducibility study was performed on the DxI 9000 Access Immunoassay analyzer based on CLSI EP05-A3 guidance14. A six-member panel, including serum samples (S1- S4) and two assay controls, were assayed at three clinical sites, using three lots of Access Syphilis reagent on three instruments. Each panel member was assayed in replicates of four at two separate times per day. The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RepeatabilityWithin Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanXIC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S1 (LowNegative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S2 (HighNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S3 (LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S4(Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.387</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr></table>

Note: $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ are not meaningful when dose approaches zero. Results are noted as N/A.

# Interfering Substances

The Access Syphilis assay was evaluated for interference consistent with CLSI document EP07 $3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Edition. Testing was performed using two nonreactive (one low negative and one high negative) and two reactive (one low positive and one positive) samples. Of the endogenous compounds tested, none were found to cause interference at the highest test concentrations indicated in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triolein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.351 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.5 g/L*</td></tr></table>

\*Interference was noted at a concentration of ${ \tt 6 0 } { \tt g } / { \tt L }$ . A dose effect study was conducted, with no interference observed $\mathtt { s 4 7 . 5 9 } \mathtt { L }$ .

The following pharmaceutical substances were also evaluated and no interference with the assay was observed: acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), acetaminophen (paracetamol), ibuprofen, azithromycin, ceftriaxone sodium, doxycycline hyclate.

# Cross Reactivity

Cross-reactivity was evaluated by testing samples for potentially cross-reacting conditions. No cross-reactivity was observed. The results are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of SamplesTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReactive Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofNonreactive Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnant multipara</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemodialysis patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transplant patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Anti-mouse Antibody (HAMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Nuclear Antibody (ANA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyme Disease (Borrelia garinii, Borreliaafzelii &amp; Borrelia burgdorferi s.s.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxoplasma gondii IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus (EBV) IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein Barr Virus (EBV) IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leptospirosis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Systemic Lupus Erythemateous (SLE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A Virus (HAV) Total Ab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis A Virus (HAV) IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) - HBs Ag positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) -anti-HBs positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) - HBc IgM positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) - Anti HBc totalpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hepatitis C Virus (HCV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HTLV-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HTLV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) 1&amp; 2 IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) 1 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes Simplex Virus (HSV) 2 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubella IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Escherichia coli (E.coli)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple myeloma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu vaccinated patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Phospholipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>TOTAL                                   337                       0                       337</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Evaluation – DxI 9000 Immunoassay Analyzer

A total of 1,104 prospectively collected specimens from the intended use population were tested using the Access Syphilis assay. 704 $( 6 3 . 8 \% )$ were female and 400 $( 3 6 . 2 \% )$ were male, with an age range of 12 to $> 8 9$ years. The Access Syphilis assay was reactive in 214 $( 1 9 . 4 \% )$ of specimens collected from the intended use population.

Distribution of the Access Syphilis Reactive and Nonreactive Results in the Intended Use Population by Age and Gender   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age RangeYears)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Access Syphilis Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactiveN (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NonreactiveN (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12-20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 (100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (4.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 (95.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21-30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (20.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 (79.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 (3.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248 (96.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31-40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (50.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 (50.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 (5.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199 (94.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (43.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 (56.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 (13.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 (86.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51-60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 (43.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 (56.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (25.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 (75.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (29.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (70.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (26.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 (73.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71-89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (15.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 (84.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (6.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (93.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214 (19.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>890 (80.6)</td></tr></table>

\* NOTE: One (1) subject was $> 8 9$ years

# Clinical Performance

A multicenter study was conducted to evaluate the clinical performance of the Access Syphilis assay. A total of 1,910 specimens were included in this study with 1,104 prospectively collected specimens from the intended use population, 402 retrospective specimens from patients , 204 prospectively collected specimens from apparently healthy individuals, 150 retrospective specimens from patients with medically diagnosed syphilis, and 50 retrospective specimens from individuals at high-risk of sexually transmitted disease.

The specimens were tested at three sites in a randomized and blinded fashion (all cohorts), using the Access Syphilis assay, and a final comparator result was obtained using a composite testing algorithm consisting of the following FDA-approved assays: the predicate treponemal immunoassay, a nontreponemal assay (RPR – Rapid Plasma Reagin), and a second treponemal assay (TPPA - Treponema Pallidum Particle Agglutination).

# Clinical Performance in Intended Use Population

A total of 1,104 specimens from the intended use population were prospectively collected and tested with Access Syphilis and the composite testing algorithm described above. The study included specimens from 399 patients sent for syphilis testing, 405 pregnant women and $3 0 0 \mathsf { H } \mathsf { N }$ positive patients.

Access Syphilis 510(k)

Summary of the Serological Profile for all Prospectively Collected Specimens from the Intended Use Population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateTreponemalImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FinalComparatorResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,104</td></tr></table>

$+ =$ Reactive; - $=$ Nonreactive; NA $=$ not performed; INC $=$ Inconclusive

The overall positive percent agreement was $100 \%$ (184/184) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 98.0 to $100 \%$ and the overall negative percent agreement was $9 6 . 7 \%$ (890/920) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 95.4 to $9 7 . 7 \%$ .

Percent Agreement for Intended Use Subpopulations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Subpopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Routine Syphilis Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(94.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>338/3391</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7(98.4 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnant Women</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(61.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398/399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8(98.6 - 100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIV Positive Patients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118/118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(96.9 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154/1822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6(78.7 - 89.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184/184</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100(98.0 - 100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>890/920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7(95.4 - 97.7)</td></tr></table>

1 One (1) specimen from the routine syphilis testing cohort was reactive by an FDA-cleared treponemal immunoassay and nonreactive by RPR and TPPA. 2 Twenty-five (25) out of twenty-eight (28) discordants were found to be reactive using an additional FDA-cleared electrochemiluminescent immunoassay. Eleven (11) of these were also reactive by the predicate treponemal immunoassay.

# Clinical Performance in Retrospective Specimens

A cohort of 402 retrospective specimens from patients were included in the study, of which 22 were from pregnant females.

Summary of the Serological Profile for Retrospective Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateTreponemalImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RPR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TPPA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FinalComparatorResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td></tr></table>

$+ =$ Reactive; - $=$ Nonreactive; NA $=$ not performed; INC $=$ Inconclusive

Comparison Between the Access Syphilis Results and the Final Comparator Results in Retrospective Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Retrospective Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final Comparator Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Access SyphilisResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402</td></tr></table>

1Three (3) specimens were reactive by treponemal immunoassay and nonreactive by RPR and TPPA

The positive percent agreement was $100 \%$ (398/398) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 99.0 to $100 \%$ and the negative percent agreement was $2 5 . 0 \%$ $( 1 / 4 )$ with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 4.6 to $6 9 . 9 \%$ .

# Clinical Performance in Apparently Healthy Individuals

Of the total 1,910 specimens in the study, 204 were prospectively collected from apparently healthy individuals. Results of the Access Syphilis assay are shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Apparently Healthy Individuals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Access Syphilis Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Nonreactive (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 (8.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186 (91.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance in Medically Diagnosed Patients

A total of 150 retrospective specimens from patients with medically diagnosed syphilis (primary, secondary, and latent stages) were included in the study. Results of the Access Syphilis assay are shown in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Syphilis Stage</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Treatment Status</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Access Syphilis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Primary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Secondary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Latent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Untreated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Treated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

1 These seven (7) specimens also tested nonreactive with an FDA-cleared treponemal immunoassay.

# Clinical Performance in Pregnant Females

A total of 427 pregnant female specimens were included in the study, with 405 prospectively collected and 22 retrospective specimens.

Percent Agreement Between Access Syphilis and the Final Comparator Result by Trimester   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement% (x/n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%Confidence Interval(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative PercentAgreement% (x/n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%ConfidenceInterval (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Prospectively Collected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (59/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.9 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Second Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (37/37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6 -100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Third Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (4/4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0- 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 (302/303)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2- 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0 -100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 (398/399)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6-100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Retrospective Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Retrospective Specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>First Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (6/6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA (0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Second Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (9/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA (0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Third Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (5/5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7- 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown Trimester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA (0/0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 (0/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 79.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 (20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 (1/2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5 - 90.6</td></tr></table>

NA – Not applicable

# Clinical Performance in High-Risk Individuals

Of the total 1,910 specimens in the study, 50 retrospective specimens were from individuals at high-risk of sexually transmitted disease.

Comparison Between the Access Syphilis Results and the Final Comparator Results in High-Risk Individuals   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>High-Risk Individuals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Final Comparator Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Access Syphilis Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

1 One (1) specimen was reactive by treponemal immunoassay and nonreactive by RPR and TPPA

The positive percent agreement was $100 \%$ (20/20) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 83.9 to $100 \%$ and the negative percent agreement was $80 . 0 \%$ (24/30) with a $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 62.7 to $9 0 . 5 \%$ .

# Substantial Equivalence Comparison Conclusion

Beckman Coulter’s Access Syphilis is substantially equivalent to the ARCHITECT Syphilis TP Reagent as demonstrated through the information and data provided in this submission. The performance and clinical testing presented in this submission provides evidence that the device is safe and effective for its intended use.