Visby Medical, Inc. Jennifer Albrecht Director of Regulatory Affairs 3010 North First Street San Jose, California 95134

Re: K242526 Trade/Device Name: Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device to detect and identify nucleic acid targets in respiratory specimens from microbial agents that cause the SARS-CoV-2 respiratory infection and other microbial agents when in a multi-target test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF Dated: August 23, 2024 Received: August 26, 2024

Dear Jennifer Albrecht:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Anna M. Mielech -S

Anna Mielech, Ph.D. Deputy Branch Chief (Acting) Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K242526

Device Name Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test is a single-use (disposable), fully integrated, automated Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, and influenza B RNA in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B can be similar.

The Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B viral RNA are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection. This test is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections.

Positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified virus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other organisms not detected by the test. The agent(s) detected by the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test may not be the definitive cause of disease. Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, or influenza B infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

A. Submitter

Name: Address:

Visby Medical, Inc. 3010 N. First Street San Jose, CA 95134 1-833-468-4729

# Phone:

Contact: Date Prepared:

Jennifer Albrecht February 16, 2025

B. Device

Name of Device: Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test   
Common Name: Same   
Classification Name: Multi-Target Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Test Including Sars-Cov-2 And Other Microbial Agents   
Regulatory Classification: Class II   
Regulation: 21 CFR 866.3981   
Primary Product Code: QOF

C. Predicate Device

DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct (K220963)

D. Device Description

The Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test is a single-use (disposable), fully integrated, compact device containing a reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) based assay for qualitative detection of influenza A, influenza B, and/or SARS-CoV-2 viral RNA in upper respiratory tract specimens. The device automatically performs all steps required to complete lysis, reverse transcription (RT), PCR amplification, and detection.

Specimen collected using nasopharyngeal (NP) or anterior nasal (AN) swabs (without transport media) are placed in the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Buffer and then transferred into the sample port of the device using the provided fixed volume pipette. The sample enters a lysis module and rehydrates the RT enzyme and RT primers. The mixture then moves through a sample preparation module where viruses and human cells are simultaneously lysed, and RNA is reverse transcribed. The resulting fluid (containing cDNA) is then mixed with lyophilized PCR reagents containing the DNA polymerase enzyme and PCR primers. The PCR mixture (containing cDNA template and reagents) is then thermal cycled to amplify the targets, including human beta-2

microglobulin (B2M) RNA, which serves as a process control. After PCR, the biotinylated product is hybridized to covalently bound capture probes at specific locations along a flow channel. The flow channel is configured to facilitate an enzymatic reaction that uses streptavidin bound horseradish peroxidase (HRP) and a colorimetric substrate that forms a purple precipitate. The operator observes a color change at the specific locations indicating the presence of an amplified target. Test results can be expected in approximately 30 minutes: illumination of a “DONE” status light on the front of the device and a purple color in the “RESULTS VALID” spot, indicate a successful test. A purple spot adjacent to “Flu A”, “Flu B”, and/or “COVID-19” signifies the presence of, influenza A, influenza B, and/or SARS-CoV-2 viral RNA.

# E. Intended Use

The Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test is a single-use (disposable), fully integrated, automated Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, and influenza B RNA in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B can be similar.

The Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test is intended for use as an aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B infection if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B viral RNA are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection. This test is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections.

Positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified virus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other organisms not detected by the test. The agent(s) detected by the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test may not be the definitive cause of disease. Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, or influenza B infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

# F. Substantial Equivalence

The Visby Medical Respiratory Health test is substantially equivalent to DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct, K220963.

The following table compares the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test to DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa COVID-19 & Flu A/B Direct and outlines the similarities and differences between the two tests.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:DiaSorin MolecularSimplexa COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Direct(K220963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device:Visby MedicalRespiratory Health(K242526)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3981</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QOF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time Reverse TranscriptionPolymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR)system, qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiaSorin Molecular Simplexa COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Direct is a real-time RT-PCRassay intended for use on the LIAISONMDX instrument for the in vitro qualitativedetection and differentiation of nucleicacid from severe acute respiratorysyndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2),influenza A virus and influenza B virus innasopharyngeal swabs (NPS) fromindividuals with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory tract infection.The Simplexa COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Directassay is intended for use as an aid in thedifferential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2,influenza A and influenza B infection.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A or influenza Binfection and should not be used as thesole basis for patient managementdecisions. Positive results do not rule outcoinfections with other organisms.Results should be combined with clinicalobservations, patient history, andepidemiological information.The Simplexa COVID-19 &amp; Flu A/B Directassay is intended for use by qualified andtrained clinical laboratory personnelspecifically instructed and trained in thetechniques of real-time PCR and in vitrodiagnostic procedures.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Visby Medical Respiratory HealthTest is a single-use (disposable), fullyintegrated, automated ReverseTranscription Polymerase Chain Reaction(RT-PCR) in vitro diagnostic test intendedfor the simultaneous qualitative detectionand differentiation of severe acuterespiratory syndrome coronavirus 2(SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, and influenzaB RNA in nasopharyngeal swab andanterior nasal swab specimens fromindividuals with signs and symptoms ofrespiratory tract infection. Clinical signsand symptoms of respiratory tractinfection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenzaA, and influenza B can be similar.The Visby Medical Respiratory HealthTest is intended for use as an aid in thedifferential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2,influenza A, and influenza B infection ifused in conjunction with other clinical andepidemiological information, andlaboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2,influenza A, and influenza B viral RNA aregenerally detectable in nasopharyngealswab and anterior nasal swab specimensduring the acute phase of infection. Thistest is not intended to detect influenza Cvirus infections.Positive results are indicative of thepresence of the identified virus, but do notrule out bacterial infection or co-infectionwith other organisms not detected by thetest. The agent(s) detected by the VisbyMedical Respiratory Health Test may notbe the definitive cause of disease.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, or influenza Binfection. The results of this test shouldnot be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment, or other patientmanagement decisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Symptomatic patients;Rx - For Prescription Use Only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus andinfluenza B virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample to answersystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal Swab;Anterior Nasal Swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Extraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Self-contained and automated afterspecimen sample elution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON MDX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A, self-contained assay and instrumentsystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal processing control (IPC), Externalcontrols available.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turn-around Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 90 minutes to results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 30 minutes to results.</td></tr></table>

# G. Summary of Performance Data

# Clinical Evaluation

Performance characteristics of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test were established in a clinical study that included testing of prospectively collected fresh specimens. The objective of this study was to establish the clinical performance of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test for the detection and differentiation of SARSCoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B viral RNA in clinical specimens when in the intended use setting. This study was conducted at five CLIA Waived testing settings in the US. All study specimens were tested with the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test by typical CLIA Waived operators according to the Quick Reference Guide (QRG) and Instructions for Use (IFU). Specimens were collected and tested between May 2022 and Feb 2024.

# Prospective Sample Testing

Subjects presenting with signs and symptoms of a viral respiratory infection were prospectively enrolled at five CLIA Waived study sites in the US including urgent care and family care clinics. One NP or dual nostril AN swab specimen was placed directly in Visby Respiratory Health Buffer and tested with the Visby device. The samples were also tested with an FDA-cleared influenza molecular test and an FDA-EUA authorized SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR test as a comparator.

A total of 1,592 subjects were enrolled in the study. Ninety one (91) study specimens were excluded from the performance analysis due to of lack of a valid comparator result $\left( \mathsf { n } \mathbf { = } 5 3 \right)$ , lack of a valid Visby test result $( n = 2 1 )$ ), the subject did not meet inclusion criteria $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 1 0 )$ , or for protocol deviations $( n = 6 )$ . One subject withdrew from the study. This left 1,501 subjects for performance analysis of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test. The distribution of subjects in the performance analysis by sex and age range is presented in Table 1.

Table 1. Demographic Summary – Enrollment from May 2022 to Feb 2024   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number Evaluated (as %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>573 (38.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>928 (61.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 (5.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 - 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325 (21.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>883 (58.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208 (13.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1501</td></tr></table>

A total of 1,575 Visby tests were performed on subjects that met the inclusion criteria, did not experience a protocol deviation, did not withdraw from the study. Of these 79 $( 5 . 0 \% )$ had an initial invalid test result of which 21 $( 1 . 3 \% )$ were invalid when retested. Of the 840 NP swab specimens tested, 30 $( 3 . 6 \% )$ had an initial invalid test result of which 5 $( 0 . 6 \% )$ were invalid when retested. Of the 735 AN swab specimens tested, 49 $( 6 . 7 \% )$ had an initial invalid test result of which 16 $( 2 . 2 \% )$ were invalid when retested.

The positive percentage agreement (PPA) and negative percentage agreement (NPA) of influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2 are shown in Table 2 below.

Table 2. Prospective Fresh NP and AN Swab Specimen Performance – Enrollment from May 2022 to Feb 2024 (Visby vs. Comparator Assays)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType (NP/AN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%(85.1-99.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%(98.7-99.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>604</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8%(89.1-99.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(98.1-99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP+AN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1395</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9%(91.3-98.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%(98.8-99.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>812</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(79.6-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%(99.1-99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(79.6-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%(99.1-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP+AN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(88.7-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8%(99.4-99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>687</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%(91.6-98.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(97.9-99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>549</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2j</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(94.0-99.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(97.9-99.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NP+AN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(94.4-98.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0%(98.3-99.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>al psiiv  sees et postive nd e eseativ with altea olu sb 5 of 5 false positive AN specimens tested positive with an alternate molecular assayc 1 false negative NP specimen tested positive with an alternate molecular assayd 2 false negative AN specimen tested positive with an alternate molecular assaye 2 of 2 false positive NP specimens tested positive with an alternate molecular assayf 1 of 1 false positive AN specimens tested positive with an alternate molecular assay5 7 false positive NP specimens tested positive and 2 tested negative with an alternate molecular asy4  5 false positive AN specimens tested positive, and 1 tested negative with an alternate molecular assay false negative NP specimens tested negative and 2 tested positive with an alternate molecular assayi1of 2 false negative AN specimen tested negative and 1 tested positive with an alternate molecular assay</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

A study was performed to evaluate the reproducibility of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test when used by untrained users in CLIA Waived settings. The operators performing the testing were non-laboratorians representing healthcare professionals that may be encountered at such sites. The study evaluated a seven (7) member panel composed of NP swabs seeded with unspiked clinical matrix (negative) and NP swabs seeded with clinical matrix individually spiked with low (1x LoD) or moderate (3-5x LoD) concentrations of the three target viruses.

A total of six (6) study operators (2 operators at each site) tested the panel three (3) times each testing day, over six (6) non-consecutive days. Three reagent lots were used in the study. Each lot was used for two (2) days of testing. The composition of the panel members along with a summary of results (correct count / total count) and percent agreement with the expected results for each panel member is presented in Table 3 below.

Table 3. Summary of Reproducibility Results with the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Panel Member</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(count)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreementcount)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(count)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement(count)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza AModerate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%-100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(34/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36) a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(32/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4%(102/108) a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%-97.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza BModerate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%(107/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9%-99.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%(33/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3%(104/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9%-98.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Moderate Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%-100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 LowPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2%(35/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9%(32/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4%(103/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6%-98.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(36/36)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(108/108)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6%-100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>a One sample was positive for influenza A, but unexpectedly positive for SARS-CoV-2</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Evaluation

# Limit of Detection

The limit of detection (LoD) is the lowest concentration of viral nucleic acid that is reliably detected by the Visby Respiratory Health Test. Influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV2 were tested in a range-finding study of 3-fold dilutions in negative clinical matrix, and the lowest concentration with $100 \%$ detection was established as the estimated LoD. The estimated LoD was confirmed by testing 20 replicates, where confirmation of the LoD was achieved when at least 19 of the 20 replicates returned a positive result for the virus tested. All viruses were tested individually in single-positive samples. The LoD of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test for influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2 are summarized in Table 4 below.

Table 4. Limit of Detection (LoD) for the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test Analytes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H1N1 2009, Brisbane/02/18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106 copies/swab4.89 TCID5o/swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A/H3N2, Kansas/14/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 copies/swab2.01 FFUa/swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Washington/02/19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>728 copies/swab9.20 TCID5o/swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B/Oklahoma/10/2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>778 copies/swab88.37 TCID5o/swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 (USA-WA1/2020)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 copies/swab</td></tr></table>

a FFU: Fluorescent Focus Units. Titer by Fluorescent Focus Assay in MDCK-SIAT1 Cells.

# WHO $\pmb { 1 } ^ { \mathsf { s t } }$ International Standard for SARS-CoV-2

The established analytical sensitivity or LoD of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test when tested with the World Health Organization (WHO) 1st International Standard for SARS-CoV-2 RNA (NIBSC code: 20/146) is $2 . 2 \times 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ IU/mL of RNA in the sample tested.

# Inclusivity

The ability of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test to detect 10 H1N1 (pandemic 2009) strains, 13 H3N2 strains, 12 influenza B strains (5 each of Victoria and Yamagata lineages and 2 additional strains), 6 SARS-CoV-2 strains, and 6 avian influenza A strains (RNA only, representing H5N1, H7N9, and H9N2). Each virus was individually spiked into negative clinical matrix at or near 3x LoD (unless otherwise noted) and tested in triplicate. All strains were successfully detected within 3x LoD, with the exception of the Omicron (BA.2.3) Isolate USA/MD-HP24556/2022 (detected at 6x LoD) and A/Egypt/321/2007 (H5N1).

Table 5. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of the Visby Respiratory Health Test   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Influenza A H1N1(pdm2009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brownsville/39H/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/H090-761-V1(0)/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Netherlands/2629/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Massachusetts/15/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Bangladesh/3002/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Michigan/45/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/St. Petersburg/61/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/66/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/588/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/02/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="13">Influenza A H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Netherlands/22/2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Uruguay/716/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/H090-756-V1(0)/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Perth/16/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Switzerland/9715293/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Alaska/232/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/55/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/2671/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/04/2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Avian Influenza A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Hunan/795/2002 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Yunnan/1251/2003 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Vietnam/1194/2004 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Egypt/321/2007 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Detected2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/Hong Kong/G9/1997 (H9N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/1940</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/1959</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Influenza B VictoriaLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2184 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/St. Petersburg/14/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2184 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2184 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Nevada/03/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2184 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/New Jersey/1/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2184 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Influenza BYamagata Lineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/New York/1061/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/4/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/06/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Phuket/3073/2013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Guangdong-Liwan/1133/2014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2334 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha (B.1.1.7) England/204820464/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beta (B.1.351) South Africa/ KRISP-K005325/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma (P.1) Japan/TY7-503/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta (B.1.617.2) USA/PHC658/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B.1.1.529 BA.1 Isolate: USA/MD-HP20874/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omicron (BA.2.3) Isolate: USA/MD-HP24556/2022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 copies/swab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">1 Purified RNA will be tested due to biosafety regulations.2 The Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test returned influenza A positive results in 2/3 replicates at 1500pg/mL for the A/Egypt/321/2007 (H5N1) strain RNA.</td></tr></table>

In silico analysis of sequences from GISAID are conducted routinely to assess the ability of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test to detect the most recent COVID-19 strains. The results of these analyses of 16,852,539 total sequences, as of August 2024, show that the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test will detect all variants in circulation.

# Cross-Reactivity and Microbial Interference

The potential for cross-reactivity from microorganisms that may be found in an upper respiratory sample other than the target respiratory viruses (influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2) on the performance of the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test was evaluated. Forty-three (43) microorganisms were tested in triplicate at high concentrations $( > 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ units/mL for viruses and ${ > } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ units/mL for bacteria and yeast) in negative samples (negative clinical matrix). No cross-reactivity was observed with any of the organisms at the concentrations tested.

Microbial Interference was evaluated by testing the same 43 microorganisms in triplicate in negative clinical matrix in the presence of low concentrations of the target organisms (3X LoD for influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2). No microbial interference was observed with any of the microorganisms at the concentrations tested.

Table 6. Microorganisms Evaluated for Cross-Reactivity and Microbial Interference on Visby Respiratory Health Test   

<table><tr><td>Viruses (ATCC Number)</td><td>Bacteria and Yeast (ATCC Number) Bordetella parapertussis (15311)</td></tr><tr><td>Human Coronavirus 229E (VR-740)</td><td>Bordetella pertussis (9340) Candida albicans (18804)</td></tr><tr><td>Human Coronavirus OC43 (VR-1558) Human coronavirus HKU1 (VR-3262SD) *</td><td rowspan="8">Chlamydia pneumoniae (53592) Corynebacterium xerosis (373) Escherichia coli (25922)</td></tr><tr><td>Human Coronavirus NL63 (VR-3263SD) *</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>SARS-Coronavirus (VR-3280SD) * MERS-Coronavirus (VR-3248SD) *</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus strain 1, C1 Ad 71 (VR-1)</td></tr><tr><td>Adenovirus strain 7 (VR-7)</td></tr><tr><td>Legionella pneumophila (33152) Cytomegalovirus (VR-977) Moraxella (Branhamella) catarrhalis (25238)</td></tr><tr><td>Epstein Barr virus (B95-8, ZeptoMetrix) Mycobacterium tuberculosis (25177)</td></tr><tr><td>Mycoplasma genitalium (49123)</td></tr><tr><td>Enterovirus 68 (NR-51430, BEI)</td></tr><tr><td>Mycoplasma pneumoniae (15531) Human metapneumovirus (hMPV) (NR-22232, BEI) Neisseria meningitidis serogroup a (13077) Human parainfluenza virus 1 (NR-48681, BEI)</td></tr><tr><td>Neisseria mucosa (19695) Pneumocystis jirovecii also called Pneumocystis</td></tr><tr><td>Human parainfluenza virus 2 (VR-92) carinii Delanoe and Delanoe (PRA-159) Pseudomonas aeruginosa (0801519, ZeptoMetrix)</td></tr><tr><td>Human parainfluenza virus 3 (VR-93)</td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus aureus (12600) Human parainfluenza virus 4b (NR-3238, BEl)</td></tr><tr><td>Staphylococcus epidermidis (12228)</td></tr><tr><td>Measles (VR-24) Streptococcus pneumoniae (49619)</td></tr><tr><td>Mumps (VR-106DQ) * Streptococcus pyogenes (19615)</td></tr><tr><td>Respiratory syncytial virus (Strain B) (VR-1400) Streptococcus salivarius (9759) Human rhinovirus 1A (strain 2060) (VR-1559) Pooled human nasal wash</td></tr></table>

# Competitive Interference

The potential for high concentrations of one target organism to interfere with detection of low concentrations of another target organism was evaluated. Influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2 viruses were spiked into negative clinical matrix at varying concentrations and then tested in triplicate. Low concentrations were prepared at 3x LoD for the respective viruses, and high concentrations were prepared at $\geq 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ copies/swab. No competitive interference was observed for any of the three target viruses at the concentrations tested.

Table 7. Competitive Interference for each Target Virus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Viral Targets in Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Detection Rate (# Positive / # Tests)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous/Exogenous Interfering Substances

Potentially interfering substances that may be found in a clinical nasal sample were evaluated to determine if they interfere with the accuracy of test results. The potential interfering substances were spiked in negative clinical matrix and tested in the presence and absence of low concentrations (3x LoD) of influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV2 viruses. All samples were tested in triplicate. As shown in Table 8 below, all of the negative samples returned valid results that were negative for influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2. All the positive samples returned valid results that were positive for influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2. None of the tested substances were found to interfere with test accuracy at the concentrations tested.

Table 8. Potentially Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Samples(# Negative I # Tests)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Positive Samples(3x LoD)(# Positive / # Tests)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 µg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flonase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh Whole Blood PooledHuman Donors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human lotion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hand sanitizer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified mucin protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method all purpose cleaner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasacort</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Saline Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NeoSynephrine Cold &amp; SinusExtra Strength Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Seventh generationdisinfectant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Softsoap moisturizing handsoap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir (Relenza)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zicam Allergy Relief</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Stability

The stability of nasal swab specimens after elution into the Visby Respiratory Health Buffer was determined when stored at room temperature $1 5 - 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ or refrigerated (2 - $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) conditions. Influenza A, influenza B, and SARS-CoV-2 viruses were spiked into negative clinical matrix at 2x LoD and tested at baseline and at each storage time-point with 20 replicates. All low positive devices returned the expected triple positive results at all time-points tested. Based on the results, the following specimen stability in Visby Respiratory Health Buffer is claimed:

Room temperature $( 1 5 - 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ storage up to 120 minutes (2 hours) Refrigerated $( 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ storage up to 48 hours (2 days)

# H. Conclusions

The analytical and clinical studies have demonstrated that the Visby Medical Respiratory Health Test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K220963).