QIAGEN GmbH   
$\%$ Sonia Pablo Pablo   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
STAT-Dx Life, S.L. (A QIAGEN Company)   
Carrer Baldiri Reixac, 4   
Barcelona, 08028   
Spain

Re: K242256 Trade/Device Name: QIAstat-Dx Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3970 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Microbial Pathogen Nucleic Acids In Cerebrospinal Fluid Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PLO Dated: July 29, 2024 Received: July 31, 2024

Dear Sonia Pablo Pablo:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Bryan M. Digitally signed by BryanM. Grabias -S Grabias -S Date: 2024.10.29 15:52:56 -04'00'

Bryan Grabias   
Acting Branch Chief   
Bacterial Respiratory and Medical Countermeasures Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K242256

Device Name QIAstat-Dx Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)

The QIAstat-Dx Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel is a qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid real-time PCR based in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0. The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is capable of simultaneous detection and identification of multiple bacterial, viral, and yeast nucleic acids from cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) specimens obtained via lumbar puncture from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of meningitis and/or encephalitis.

The following organisms are identified using the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel: Enterovirus, Escherichia coli K1, Haemophilus influenzae, Listeria monocytogenes, Neisseria meningitidis (encapsulated), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii\*.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of meningitis and/or encephalitis and results must be used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiological, and laboratory data. Results from the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel are not intended to be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel. The agent or agents detected may not be the definite cause of the disease. Negative results do not preclude central nervous system infection.

Not all agents of central nervous system infection are detected by this test and sensitivity in clinical use may differ from that described in the instructions for use.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is not intended for testing specimens collected from indwelling central nervous system medica devices.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is intended to be used in conjunction with standard of care culture for organism recovery, serotyping, and antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

\*Cryptococcus neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii are not differentiated.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

# General Information

Submitted by:

QIAGEN GmbH QIAGEN Strasse 1 Hilden, Germany 40724

# Contact Person:

Sonia Pablo   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
STAT-Dx Life, S.L. (A QIAGEN Company)   
Carrer Baldiri Reixac, 4   
08028 Barcelona   
Spain   
Phone: +34 696 85 81 85   
Email: sonia.pablo@qiagen.com

Date Prepared: October 28, 2024

Device Name:

QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel

Classification:

21 CFR 866.3970 - Device to detect and identify microbial pathogen nucleic acids in cerebrospinal fluid.

Product Code: PLO

Predicate Device:

Manufacturer BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

Product Name   
FilmArray   
Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME)   
Panel

De Novo/510(k) No. K160462

# Device Description

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel is part of the QIAstat-Dx Meningitis/Encephalitis system and works with the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is intended to be used with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) specimens.

Once the cartridge has been inserted into the instrument, the test starts automatically and runs for approximately 80 minutes. When the test is finished, the cartridge is removed by the user and discarded. The QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0 automatically interprets test results and displays a summary on the analyzer display screen. The results can be printed using a connected printer, if needed. The detected analytes are displayed in red. For other analytes tested, they are displayed in green if not detected or in gray if not applicable or invalid. The analyzer will report if an error occurs during processing, in which case the test will fail and no results will be provided (screen will show “FAIL”).

QIAstat-Dx consists of single-test cartridges with pre-packaged reagents including both wet and dry chemistry necessary to perform the sample preparation, nucleic acid amplification and detection to be used in conjunction with the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0. All sample preparation and assay steps are performed within the cartridge, so the user does not need to manipulate any reagent during the test. This eliminates exposure of the user or the Analyzer to chemicals contained in the cartridge during the test and up to the disposal of used cartridges.

Within the cartridge, multiple steps are automatically performed in sequence by using pneumatic pressure and a multiport valve to transfer the sample and fluids via the Transfer Chamber (TC) to their intended destinations. Following the introduction of the sample from a disposable transfer pipette, the following assay steps occur automatically and sequentially:

Resuspension of air-dried internal control and Proteinase K (ProtK) enzyme using provided buffer and mixing with the liquid sample (IC Cavity and ProtK Cavity);   
• Cell lysis using mechanical (rotation) and chemical (chaotropic and isotonic) means (lysis chamber);   
• Membrane-based nucleic acid purification from Lysate by: Mixing lysate with binding buffer and capturing on the membrane (purification chamber); First washing of membrane to remove bound proteins (purification chamber and waste chamber); Second washing of membrane to leave only bound nucleic acids (purification chamber and waste chamber); Rinsing of Transfer Chamber (TC) using the rinsing buffer before introduction of the eluate (Transfer Chamber);

Drying of membrane with bound nucleic acids with an air flow generated by a high flow vacuum pump (purification chamber); and Elution of nucleic acids with elution buffer (purification chamber and TC);

Mixing of the purified nucleic acid (eluate) with lyophilized “Master Mix” reagents (Dry chemistry container (DCC) and TC); Sequential transfer of defined aliquots of mixed eluate/Master Mix from the Transfer Chamber to each of eight Reaction Chambers containing the specified, airdried primers and probes;   
• Within each Reaction Chamber, real-time, multiplex PCR (“rtPCR”) testing is performed. Increase in fluorescence (indicative of detection of each target analyte) is detected directly within each Reaction Chamber; and   
• The detected signal per fluorescent marker per Reaction Chamber is then used by the system software to generate the assay result.

# Intended Use

The QIAstat- $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathbf { \otimes } }$ Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel is a qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid real-time PCRbased in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0. The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is capable of simultaneous detection and identification of multiple bacterial, viral, and yeast nucleic acids from cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) specimens obtained via lumbar puncture from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of meningitis and/or encephalitis.

The following organisms are identified using the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel: Enterovirus, Escherichia coli K1, Haemophilus influenzae, Listeria monocytogenes, Neisseria meningitidis (encapsulated), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii\*.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of meningitis and/or encephalitis and results must be used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiological, and laboratory data. Results from the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel are not intended to be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel. The agent or agents detected may not be the definite cause of the disease. Negative results do not preclude central nervous system (CNS) infection.

Not all agents of CNS infection are detected by this test and sensitivity in clinical use may differ from that described in the instructions for use.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is not intended for testing of specimens collected from indwelling CNS medical devices.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is intended to be used in conjunction with standard of care culture for organism recovery, serotyping, and antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

\* Cryptococcus neoformans and Cryptococcus gattii are not differentiated.

# Comparison of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and the Predicate Device

Similarities and differences between the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and the predicate device are shown in Table 1.

Table 1: Comparison of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel with the predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAstat-Dx ME Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArrayMeningitis/Encephalitis (ME)Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K242256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160462</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3970</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QIAstat-Dx®Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME)Panel is a qualitative multiplexednucleic acid real-time PCR-basedin vitro diagnostic test intendedfor use with the QIAstat-DxAnalyzer 1.0. The QIAstat-DxME Panel is capable ofsimultaneous detection andidentification of multiplebacterial, viral, and yeast nucleicacids from cerebrospinal fluid(CSF) specimens obtained vialumbar puncture from individualswith signs and/or symptoms ofmeningitis and/or encephalitis.The following organisms areidentified using the QIAstat-DxME Panel:Bacteria:•Escherichia coli K1•Haemophilus influenzae• Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArrayMeningitis/Encephalitis (ME)Panel is a qualitativemultiplexed nucleic acid-basedin vitro diagnostic test intendedfor use with FilmArray,FilmArray 2.0, and FilmArrayTorch systems. The FilmArrayME Panel is capable ofsimultaneous detection andidentification of multiplebacterial, viral, and yeastnucleic acids directly fromcerebrospinal fluid (CSF)specimens obtained via lumbarpuncture from individuals withsigns and/or symptoms ofmeningitis and/or encephalitis.The following organisms areidentified using the FilmArrayME Panel:Bacteria:Escherichia coli K1Haemophilus influenzae•Listeria monocytogenes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Summary Page 5 of 35</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Device Neisseria meningitidis (encapsulated)</td><td>Predicate Neisseria meningitidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="18"></td><td></td><td>(encapsulated)</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td>Streptococcus agalactiae Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Viruses:</td></tr><tr><td>Virus:</td><td>Enterovirus</td></tr><tr><td>Enterovirus</td><td>Cytomegalovirus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Yeast:</td><td>Herpes simplex virus 1</td></tr><tr><td>Cryptococcus</td><td>Herpes simplex virus 2</td></tr><tr><td>neoformans/gattii*</td><td>Human herpesvirus 6</td></tr><tr><td>The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is</td><td>Human parechovirus Varicella zoster virus</td></tr><tr><td>indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of meningitis and/or encephalitis and results must be used in conjunction with other clinical, epidemiological, and laboratory data. Results from the QIAstat- Dx ME Panel are not intended to be used as the sole basis for</td><td>Yeast:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions. Positive results do not rule out co- infection with organisms not</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cryptococcus</td></tr><tr><td>neoformans/gattii</td></tr><tr><td>The FilmArray ME Panel is indicated as an aid in the</td></tr><tr><td>diagnosis of specific agents of meningitis and/or encephalitis</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>and</td></tr><tr><td>results are meant to be used in</td></tr><tr><td>conjunction with other clinical,</td></tr><tr><td>epidemiological, and laboratory data. Results from the</td></tr><tr><td>detected may not be the definite</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>cause of the disease. Negative other patient management results do not preclude central</td></tr><tr><td>rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="12">are detected by this test and sensitivity in clinical use may</td><td>FilmArray ME Panel are not</td></tr><tr><td>included in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel. The agent or agents</td></tr><tr><td>intended to be used as the sole</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>basis for diagnosis, treatment, or</td></tr><tr><td>decisions. Positive results do not</td></tr><tr><td>nervous system (CNS) infection.</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>FilmArray ME Panel. The agent</td></tr><tr><td>Not all agents of CNS infection</td></tr><tr><td>detected may not be the definite cause of the disease. Negative results do not preclude central</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">nervous system (CNS) infection. Not all agents of CNS infection are detected by this test and sensitivity in clinical use may differ from that</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">differ from that described in theinstructions for use.The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is notintended for testing of specimenscollected from indwelling CNSmedical devices.The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel isintended to be used in conjunctionwith standard of care culture fororganism recovery, serotyping, andantimicrobial susceptibility testing.* Cryptococcus neoformans andCryptococcus gattii are notdifferentiated.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">described in the package insert.The FilmArray ME Panel is notintended for testing ofspecimens collected fromindwelling CNS medicaldevices.The FilmArray ME Panel isintended to be used inconjunction with standard ofcare culture for organismrecovery,serotyping, and antimicrobialsusceptibility testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebrospinal Fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebrospinal Fluid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Detected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA/DNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA/DNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OrganismsDetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See above</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See above</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification andDetectionTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One internal control in eachcartridge to control for sampleprocessing that is subjected to allnucleic acid extraction andamplification steps similar topatient samples. Labeling willrecommend use of negative andpositive external controlsregularly. Use transport media asthe external negative control, andpreviously characterized positivesamples or negative samplespiked with well characterizedtarget organisms as externalpositive controls.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two controls are included ineach reagent pouch to controlfor sample processing andboth stages of PCR and meltanalysis. Labeling recommendsthe use of external positive andnegative controls regularly.Enteric transport media can beused as an external negativecontrol, and previouslycharacterized positive samplesor negative samples spiked withwell characterized organisms asexternal positive controls.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QIAstat-Dx ME Paneldetects:Bacteria:Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray ME Paneldetects:Viruses:CytomegalovirusHerpes simplex virus 1•Herpes simplex virus 2Human herpesvirus 6Human parechovirusVaricella zoster virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic AcidExtraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction of nucleic acids usingsilica membrane</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Extraction of nucleic acids usingstandard magnetic beads</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAstat-Dx detection of amplifiedtargets uses an increase influorescence to generate the assayresults.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray ME Panel usesmelting curve analysis toconfirm the identity of amplifiedtargets to generate assay results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operational</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The sample is loaded straight intothe cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FilmArray ME Panel mustrehydrate and prime thecartridge before use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amplification andDetectionInstrumentSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FilmArray Instruments</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics - Non-clinical Studies

The studies presented have been performed to demonstrate the non-clinical performance of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel.

# Limit of Detection

The Limit of Detection (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $2 9 5 \%$ of samples tested generate a positive call.

The LoD for each QIAstat-Dx ME Panel target was assessed, using 26 pathogen strains, by analyzing dilutions of analytical samples prepared from stocks obtained from commercial suppliers. The LoD was determined using selected strains representing individual pathogens that are possible to detect with the QIAstat- Dx ME Panel. All sample dilutions were prepared using artificial CSF. To confirm the established LoD concentration, the required detection rate of all replicates was $2 9 5 \%$ . Additional testing of samples prepared using negative clinical CSF was conducted to assess equivalency.

Individual LoD concentrations for each QIAstat-Dx ME Panel target are shown in Table 2.

Table 2: LoD concentrations for the strains tested with QIAstat-Dx ME Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source /Catalog ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LoDConcentration*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionRate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli Kl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain C5 [Bort];O18ac:K1:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC700973</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.48E+02 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli Kl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9001.Serovar O1:K1:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC11775</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.86E+02 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">type b (cap)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC10211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.16E+02 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type e [strain AMC36-A-7]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC8142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.54E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1/2b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0801534</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.86E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21/21</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4b. Strain Li 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC19115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.64E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B. M2092</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC13090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.28E-02 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/32</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype Y. M-112[BO-6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC35561</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33E+01 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0801545</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G19 group B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC13813</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.38E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0801439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.14E+02 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 1. NCTC7465</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC33400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.22E-01 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z472; Serotype M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0804351</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.80E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bruno [CIP104226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC19615</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.10E+01CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoxsackievirusA16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0810107CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.79E+00 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A6, species A.Strain Gdula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCVR-1801</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60E+02 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0810019CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.91E+01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A9,species B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix0810017CF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.36E+01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28/29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoxsackievirusA17, species C.Strain G-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCVR-1023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58E+01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoxsackievirusA24. Starin DN-19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCVR-583</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.99E+00 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EV 70, species D,strain J670/71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCVR-836</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.99E+01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68.Strain US/MO/14-18947</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCVR-1823</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.06E+02 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype D strainWM629, typeVNIV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCMYA-4567</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.21E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C. neoformans H99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC208821</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.64E+02 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31/31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B strainR272, type VGIIb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCMYA-4094</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32E+04 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30/30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A6MR38 [CBS11545]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCCMYA-4877</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.60E+03 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/29</td></tr></table>

\*Highest LoD concentration from LoD/Matrix Equivalency studies is reported.

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

The Inclusivity (analytical reactivity) study extended the list of pathogen strains tested during the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel Limit of Detection (LoD) study to confirm the reactivity of the detection system in the presence of different strains of the same organisms at a concentration near or above the respective Limit of Detection.

A variety of clinically relevant strains of each target organism of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel representing organism sub-types, strains, serotypes, and genotypes of different temporal and geographic diversity of each analyte were included in the study. Analytical Reactivity was performed in two steps (in vitro and in silico).

Based on in vitro (wet) and in silico analysis, the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel has demonstrated a broad coverage for all targets detected by the panel.

# In vitro analysis

A total of 130 strains covering 10 different analytical strains for each targeted organism or relevant species were tested spiked in combined samples. Strains tested for inclusivity are shown in Table 3.

125 out of 130 pathogen strains were successfully detected by the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel when tested in vitro. Five strains were not detected by the assay (detailed in Table 4).

Table 3: Strains tested for Inclusivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source(Catalog ID)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain/Serotype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lowest ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Escherichiacoli K1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (700973) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain C5 [Bort]; O18ac:K1:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (11775) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9001. Serovar O1:K1:H7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC (9007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain Bi 7509/41; O7:K1:H-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (23509)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCDC Bi 7509-41 Serotype O7:K1(L):NM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (23511)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCDC F 11119-41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-17666)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-2, U9-41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-17674</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-16, F1119-41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801905)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z136 CTX-M-15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC (11101)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sc15 02:K1:H6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC (9045)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain H61; O45:K1:H10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (10211) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">type b (cap)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (8142) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type e [strain AMC 36-A-7]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (51907)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-typeable [strain Rd [KW20]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (11116)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-typeable [strain 180-a]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (9006)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type a [strain AMC 36-A-3]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (31512)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type b [strain Rab]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (49699)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type c [strain C 9007]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (9008)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type d [strain AMC 36-A-6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (700223)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type f [strain GA-1264]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (49766)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-378</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801534) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1/2b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (19115) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4b. Strain Li 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-2659)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1/2a. Strain 2011L-2676</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (19111)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 1/2a. Strain Li 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0804339)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13932)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">serotype 4b. Strain 1071/53 [LMG21264, NCTC 10527]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (19114)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li 23. Serotype 4a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-13237)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FSL J2-064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (7644)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gibson</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-679)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EGDe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.026x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Neisseriameningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13090) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B. M2092 [CIP 104218,L. Cunningham]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (35561) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype Y. M-112 [BO-6]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13077)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serogroup A, M1027[NCTC10025]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13102)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serogroup C, M1628</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13113)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype D. M158 [37A]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IDT (gBlock 77859371) b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sequence with variant ctrA gene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (43744)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">W135</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-335)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MC58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (23255)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79 Eur. Serogroup B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13092)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B. M997 [S-3250-L]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801545) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13813) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G19 group B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (12403)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype III. Typing strainD136C(3) [3 Cole 106, CIP 82.45]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-611)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2603 V/R. Serotype V</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (31475)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">type III-ST283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-43898)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MNZ929</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (12401)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Typing strain H36B - type Ib</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (27591)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC SS700 [A909; 5541], type 1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (49446)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3139 [CNCTC 1/82] Serotype IV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0127x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801556)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801439) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (33400) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 1. NCTC 7465</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-334)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 4. TIGR4 [JNR.7/87]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-341)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 5. SPN1439-106[Colombia 5-19]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (10343)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 11A. Type 43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (700672)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 14. VH14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (700673)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 19A. Hungary 19A-6HUN663]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.026x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0804016)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z319; 12F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (6303)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diplococcus pneumoniae; Type 3.Strain [CIP 104225]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-661)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DCC1476 [Sweden 15A-25]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0804351) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z472; Serotype M1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (19615) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bruno [CIP 104226]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801512)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z018; Serotype M58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (BAA-947)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype M1. MGAS 5005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (14289)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancefield's group A / C203 S</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (12203)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 8709 (Type 6 glossy)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (12353)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group a, type 12. Typing strainT12 [F. Griffith SF 42]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (12972)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group a, type 14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (8133)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Group a, type 23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (12384)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C203 -Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.029x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Enterovirus A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810107CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1801) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A6, species A. Strain Gdula</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-168)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A10. M.K. (Kowalik)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1432)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 71. Strain H</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810236CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species A, Serotype EV-A71(2003 Isolate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-471)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tainan/4643/1998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1550)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2 Fl [Fleetwood]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoDc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-673)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A7-275/58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-170)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A12 - Texas 12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1775)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EV-A71. Strain BrCr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Enterovirus B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810019CF)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810017CF)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A9, species B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-28)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species B, Serotype CV-B1, StrainConn-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-29)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species B, Serotype CV-B2. StrainOhio-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810075CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810076CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810077CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810074CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:10000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCPV (0901047v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus 18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-41)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Species B, Serotype E-11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Enterovirus C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1023) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A17, species C.Strain G-12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-583) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A24. Starin DN-19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-850)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A21. StrainKuykendall [V-024-001-012]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-169)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A11 -Belgium-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1488)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A13 - Flores</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-182)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A22 - Chulman</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-178)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A20 - IH Pool 35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-176)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A18-G-13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC (0812075v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV-A21. Strain H06452 472</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC (0812074v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV-A21. Strain H06418 508</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Enterovirus D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-836) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EV 70, species D, strain J670/71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1823) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. StrainUS/MO/14-18947</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810237CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus 68. 2007 Isolate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. Strain US/IL/14-18952</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1197)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D68. Strain F02-3607 Corn</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0810302CF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 68 Major Group (09/2014Isolate 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1825)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. StrainUS/KY/14-18953</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (VR-1826)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. Strain Fermon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-49130)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. US/MO/14-18949</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-51998</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. USA/2018-23089</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Cryptococcusneoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4567) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype D strain WM629, typeVNIV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (208821) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (32045)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">type strain, CBS 132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4564)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype A strain WM148, typeVNI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (13690)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M2092</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4566)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype AD strain WM628, typeVNIII</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ZeptoMetrix (0801803)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-50335)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIH9hi90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-50332)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIH306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-48776</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Var grubiiYL99α</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Cryptococcusgatti</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4094) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B strain R272, typeVGIIb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4877) a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A6MR38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4560)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B strain WM179, typeVGI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4562)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B strain WM161, typeVGIII</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4563)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype C strain WM779, typeVGIV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (MYA-4138)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A1M R265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x LoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ATCC (14248)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 [CBS 883]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:1000 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-50184)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AIR265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-50195)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alg166</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BEI Resources (NR-50198)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alg254</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100 from stock</td></tr></table>

a Strains tested and evaluated during the Limit of Detection studies. b Commercial artificial dsDNA fragment (gBlock) including ctrA gene sequence was tested due to unavailability of analytical sample for this variant (GenBank Accession ID HQ156899). c Higher concentration tested to meet $1 0 0 \%$ detection rate (30xLoD for ATCC (VR-1550, VR-850 and VR-41) and 3xLoD for ZeptoMetrix (0804339)).

Table 4: Inclusivity Strains not detected by the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain/Serotype</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli Kl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NCDC Bi 7509-41 Serotype O7:K1(L):NM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli Kl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Z136 CTX-M-15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV-A21. Strain H06452 472</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV-A21. Strain H06418 508</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotype III. Typing strain D136C(3) [3 Cole 106, CIP 82.45]</td></tr></table>

# In silico analysis

An in silico prediction of the reactivity of all primers-probe oligonucleotide sequences included in the panel against sequences publicly available in databases was performed. The analysis demonstrated a complete coverage for the detection of all main subtypes (species and serotypes) for every On-Panel target organism included in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel (Table 5).

Table 5: Organisms with predicted reactivity based on in silico analysis   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinically relevant strains/subtypes detected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Encapsulated serotypes (A, B, C, D, E, H, I, K, L, NG, W, W135, X,Y, Z, 29E).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattii/neoformans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype A (C. neoformans var neoformans), serotype D (C.neoformans var grubii), serotpyes B and C (C. gattii including allVGIVGII, VGIII, VGIV molecular types).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotypes 1/2a,1/2b, 1/2c, 3a, 3b, 3c, 4a, 4b, 4c, 4d, 4e, 7.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All encapsulated serotypes (a, b, c, d, e, f) and unencapsulated strains(non-typeable, NTHi) including var. H. Aegyptus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A (CV-A1 through CV-A24), coxsackievirus B (CV-B1 through CV-B6), Echovirus (E-1 through E-33), Enterovirus A(EV-A71, EV-A76, EV-A89 through EV-A92, EV-A119, EV-A120),Enterovirus B (EV-B69, EV-B73 through EV-B75, EV-B79, EV-B80through EV-B88, EV-B93, EV-B97, EV-B98, EV-B100, EV-B101,EV-B106, EV-B107, EV-B111), Enterovirus C (EV-C96, EV-C99,EV-C102, EV-C104, EV-C105, EV-C109, EV-C116 through EV-C118), Enterovirus D (EV-D68, EV-D70, EV-D94), Poliovirus (PV-1through PV-3).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli K1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K1 strains</td></tr><tr><td>with no biological subclassification (S. pneumoniae, S. agalactiae, S. pyogenes)</td><td>All genomic sequences available in databases detected</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

The analytical specificity study was carried out by in vitro testing and in silico analysis to assess the potential cross-reactivity and exclusivity of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel. On-Panel organisms were tested to assess the potential for intra-panel cross-reactivity and Off-Panel organisms were tested to evaluate cross-reactivity with organisms not covered by the panel content (panel exclusivity). The Off-Panel organisms were selected because they are clinically relevant (colonize the central nervous system or cause meningitis and/or encephalitis symptoms), are common skin flora or laboratory contaminants, are genetically similar to On-Panel analytes, or are microorganisms for which much of the population may have been infected.

After testing several On-Panel (13) and Off-Panel (115) strains, the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel demonstrated high specificity levels for all the rtPCR assays included in the device. Additional bioinformatic prediction analysis supported the specificity level, with few exceptions.

# In vitro analysis

Samples were prepared by spiking potential cross-reactive organisms into artificial CSF matrix at $1 0 ^ { 5 } ~ \mathrm { { \bar { T C I D } { 5 0 } } / m l }$ for viral targets, $1 0 ^ { 5 } \mathrm { \ C F U / m L }$ for fungi / yeast target, and $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ $\mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacterial and fungi / yeast target, or the highest concentration possible based on the organism stock. The On-Panel and Off-Panel organisms tested are shown in Table 6.

All On-Panel pathogens resulted in specific detection, and all Off-Panel pathogens tested showed a negative result and no cross-reactivity was observed in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel, except for the pathogens shown in Table 7.

Table 6: Off-Panel and On-Panel Analytical strains tested during Exclusivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain/Serotype</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">On-Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli K1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain C5 [Bort];018ac:K1:H7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type e [strain AMC 36-A-7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type 4b. Strain Li 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype Y. M-112 [BO-6]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19F</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z019</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z472; Serotype M1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus A1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A6, species A.Strain Gdula</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus B1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus B5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus C1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxsackievirus A17,species C. Strain G-12</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus D68. StrainUS/M0/14-18947</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neoformans1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WM629 [CBS 10079]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus gattiil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype B strain R272,type VGIIb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Off-Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus A12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Huie</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus C2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenoid 6 (NIAID 202-001-014)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus D20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A.A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus E4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RI-67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus F41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tak</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BK polyoma virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229E</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NL63 (Amsterdam I)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OC43</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dengue virus (Type 2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Guinea C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B95-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B virus (HBV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C virus (HCV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpes virus 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpes virus 8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human ImmunodeficiencyVirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative SyntheticHuman immunodeficiencyvirus 1 (HIV-1) RNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus A1b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2060</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus A16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11757</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus B3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FEB</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Rhinovirus B83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baylor 7 [V-190-001-021]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Florida/3/2006</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Off-Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H1N1-2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/California/08/2009(H1N1pdm)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Virginia/ATCC4/2009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JC polyoma virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MAD-4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edmonston</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jones</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">West Nile Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1986</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Greer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parvovirus B19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B19</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory Syncytial Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RRV (Rhesus Rotavirus)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">St. Louis EncephalitisVirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parton</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Davis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes simplex virus 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Macintyre</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Herpes simplex virus 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-2. (Strain: MS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpes virus 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHV-6B. (Strain: Z29)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parechovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotype 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella-zoster virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ellen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida glabrata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida krusei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida lusitaniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z010</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida metapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCO429</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida orthopsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCO471</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida viswanathii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PK 233 [NCYC 997,pK233]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 604</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida tropicalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitek #8935</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus albidus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmMS 228</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus amylolentus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NRRY Y-7784</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus laurentii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 139</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus uniguttulatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmMS 234</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus adeliensis =Cryptococcus adeliae =Naganishia adeliensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus adeliae</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus flavescens =Papiliotrema flavescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus laurentii var.Flavescens (Saito)Lodder et Kreger-van Rij</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus wingfieldii =Tsuchiyaea wingfieldii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OTU 26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus depauperatus= Aspergillus depauperatus= Filobasidielladepauperate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K [ARSEF 2058, CBS7842]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Filobasidium capsuligenum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ML-186</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naegleria fowleri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Genomic DNAfrom Naegleria fowleri</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haplogroup 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus fumigatus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z014</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CBS 562</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi/parasite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida dubliniensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z145</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus cereus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z091</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[ATCC 13316, NCTC9750]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium striatum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC F6683</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacteriumurealyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 [Garcia strain]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cronobacter(Enterobacter) sakazakii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC 4562-70</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter aerogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z052</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter cloacae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC 442-68</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli (non-K1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2003-3055</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia fergusonii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z302</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia hermannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC 980-72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia vulneris</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC 875-72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus ducreyi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DCC1476 [Sweden 15A-25]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10659</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusparahaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">536 [NCTC 8479]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusparainfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 7857</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Klebsiella pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 9633 [NCDC 298-53,NCDC 410-68]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria innocua</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SLCC 3379</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria ivanovii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Li 1979</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morganella morganii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AM-15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C699</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DSS-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspseudopneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC-SS-1757</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria lactamica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCDC A7515</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmMS 138</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria sicca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMC 14-D-1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhoeae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z017</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pantoea agglomerans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterobacter agglomerans</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 737</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proteus mirabilis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LRA 08 01 73 [API SA,DSM 6674]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRD-10 [CIP 103467,NCIB 10421, PCI 812]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yeast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Saccharomyces cerevisiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NRRL Y-567</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella bongori</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CIP 82.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salmonella enterica</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC K-1891[ATCC 25928]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serratia marcescens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCI 1107</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella boydii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDC C-123</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella flexneri</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z046</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shigella sonnei</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AMC 43-GG9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA 209</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus capitis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRA 360 677</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA strain PCI 1200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcushaemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SM 131</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus hominis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z031</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcuslugdunensis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LRA 260.05.79</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcussaprophyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 7292</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus anginosus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NCTC 10713</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus bovis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z167</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus dysgalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Grouping strain C74</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus intermedius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z126</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus oralis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Z307</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mitis(tigurinus)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Isolate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus mutans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LRA 28 02 81</td></tr></table>

1 Enterovirus A, B, C, D and Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii are detected by their specific rtPCR assay with no species discrimination. $^ { ? } N .$ . meningitidis was tested at $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ CFU/mL instead of $1 . 0 0 \mathrm { E + } 0 6 \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ .

Table 7: Samples showing cross-reactivity with the panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QIAstat-Dx ME Panel Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential cross-reactive organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross reactiveconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus haemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1.00E+03 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus wingfieldii = Tsuchiyaeawingfieldii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1.00E+01 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus flavescens = Papiliotremaflavescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥4.00E+03 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus amylolentus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥1.00E+01 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

# In silico analysis

In silico analysis was performed, for the primer/probe designs included in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel, in two steps to further characterize the sequence specificity of the rtPCR assays included in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel to detect possible unspecific homologies and/or unspecific cross-reactions.

The result of the analysis performed for the primer/probe designs included in the QIAstatDx ME Panel pointed at 6 potential cross-reactions with Off-Panel targets (listed in Table 8).

Table 8: Samples showing cross-reactivity with the panel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Off-Panel organism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-Panel signal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria innocua*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus haemolyticus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus amylolentus</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cryptococcusneoformans/gatti</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus depauperatus*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus wingfieldii</td></tr></table>

\*in silico cross-reactive risk was not confirmed by in vitro testing.

# Interfering Substances

The effect of potentially interfering substances on the detectability of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel organisms was evaluated. The substances tested in the study included endogenous as well as exogenous substances that are commonly found and/or introduced into CSF specimens during specimen collection.

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel target organisms were tested at 3x LoD in artificial CSF matrix and testing was performed in triplicate. Potential interfering substances were spiked into the samples at a level predicted to be above the concentration of the substance likely to be found in CSF sample.

Potentially interfering endogenous and exogenous substances have been evaluated and have been confirmed not to interfere with any of the panel target assays at concentrations potentially found in clinical samples (above the concentration of the substance likely to be found in a real CSF specimen). As an exception, bleach was shown to cause inhibition at high concentrations $( 1 \% \mathrm { v / v } , 0 . 1 \% \mathrm { v / v } )$ , and showed no interference when tested at $0 . 0 1 \%$ v/v. Results are provided in Table 9.

Table 9: Final highest concentrations per potentially interfering substance without observable interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Endogenous substances</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>gDNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D(+)Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-lactate (Na)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoglobulin G (human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin (human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood mononuclear cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 cells/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Exogenous substances</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorhexidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% (w/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bleach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01% (v/v)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acyclovir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphotericin B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceftriaxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>840 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefotaxime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>645 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr></table>

# Microbial Interference

A microbial interference study was conducted to assess the inhibitory effects of select nontarget organisms on the ability to detect the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel target organisms. Challenging concentrations ( $1 0 ^ { 5 }$ units/ml for viral targets and $1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ for bacterial targets) of non-target organisms were individually mixed with artificial CSF matrix containing spiked targeted QIAstat-Dx ME Panel organisms at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD. Testing was performed in triplicate. All QIAstat-Dx ME Panel organisms were successfully detected ( $100 \%$ hit rate) when tested in combination with the potentially microbial interferents. See Table 10 for a list of the non-target organisms tested and the result summary.

Table 10: Final highest concentration without observable inhibitory effect   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplier / Catalog #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ZeptoMetrix,0810008CF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+05 cp/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A H1N1- 2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC, VR-1895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+05 CEID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutibacterium acnes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC, 6919</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epi-dermidis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC, 14990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli (non-K1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC, 25922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC,,29213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+06 CFU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC,VR-24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1E+05 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr></table>

# Competitive Inhibition

Combined samples containing a mixture of two different targets spiked at low and high concentrations into artificial CSF were tested. Selection of bacteria, virus, and yeast pathogens and combinations of targets tested was based on clinical relevance.

Clinically relevant co-infection testing demonstrated that when at least two QIAstat-Dx ME Panel pathogens of different concentrations are simultaneously present in one sample, all targets can be detected by the assay. A summary of the final co-infection mixes whereby the High Positive Analyte (HPA) does not inhibit the Low Positive Analyte (LPA) is shown in Table 11.

Table 11: Summary of competitive inhibition testing results   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">LPA</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HPA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli Kl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.30E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.48E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli Kl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.48E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneu-moniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneu-moniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.78E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.58E+03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneu-moniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneu-moniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.78E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neo-formans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.63E+03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneu-moniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneu-moniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.78E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cryptococcus neo-formans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.99E+01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.80E+02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.71E+03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00E+05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

# Carryover

A carryover study was performed to evaluate the potential occurrence of crosscontamination between consecutive runs when using the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel on the QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0. Pathogenic CSF samples with alternating high-positive $( 1 0 ^ { 5 } -$ $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ organism $/ \mathrm { m L }$ ) and negative samples, were conducted on two QIAstat-Dx Analyzer 1.0 instruments.

No carryover between samples was observed in the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel, demonstrating that the system design and recommended sample handling and testing practices are effective in preventing unexpected results due to carryover or cross-contamination between samples.

# Sample Stability

Sample stability testing demonstrated that the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel assay is capable of processing samples (clinical cerebrospinal fluid specimens) that are stored at different temperatures without affecting the performance.

Sample stability testing demonstrated that CSF specimens may be stored at the conditions listed below.

Room temperature up to 24 hours at $1 5 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ Refrigerated up to 7 days at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$

# Matrix Equivalency

A matrix equivalency study was conducted to compare the performance of analytical samples prepared in negative clinical CSF matrix to samples prepared in artificial CSF matrix.

A total of 26 pathogen strains (at least two different strains per panel target) were tested in combined samples spiked in clinical true-negative CSF. Clinical CSF was sourced from commercial suppliers and was tested prior to its use in mix manufacture for true-negativity with either the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel or an alternative method.

Samples were prepared by spiking pathogens in combined (multiple-spike) sample mixes containing up to 4 organisms per sample in clinical CSF at 5x LoD, 1x LoD and 0.1x LoD concentrations following the Limit of Detection in Combined Samples study. The concentration of the pathogen strain that achieved a result around the detection limit (1x LoD) was assessed by testing a minimum of 30 replicates; 5x LoD and 0.1x LoD concentrations were assessed by testing a minimum of 10 replicates. Some pathogens required an additional round of testing to establish the dilution to achieve LoD, in addition to the initial testing described.

Testing for each concentration was executed during at least 3 different days by different operators using four different lots of QIAstat-Dx ME Panel cartridges executed on 3 or more QIAstat-Dx Analyzers.

Negative samples consisted of unspiked clinical CSF, and a minimum of 10 replicates were tested.

The LoD in clinical sample matrix using combined samples has been established for 26 pathogen strains, and in 18 of those strains the LoD concentration was found to be equivalent to the one established in artificial CSF matrix. Eight (8) pathogen strains were not equivalent and had a new LoD concentration determined in clinical CSF.

Claimed LoD concentrations represent the highest (most concentrated) titer of analyte identified from LoD determination in clinical CSF or artificial CSF.

# Precision (Repeatability and Reproducibility)

For the reproducibility assessment, a multi-site scheme was followed by testing both negative and positive samples at three different study sites with varying workflow variables, such as sites, days, instruments, operators and cartridge lots that could have an impact on the precision of the system. Negative samples consisted of artificial CSF. Positive combined samples consisted of artificial CSF spiked with a representative panel of pathogens covering all types of organisms targeted by the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel (i.e., RNA virus, gram $( + )$ bacteria, gram (-) bacteria and yeast) at the limit of detection (1x LoD) and at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD. For each site, testing was performed across 5 non-consecutive days per mix with 6 replicates per day per mix (leading to a total of 90 replicates per target, concentration, and site), a minimum of 9 different QIAstat-Dx Analyzers per site, and at least 3 operators on each testing day.

Reproducibility testing was designed to evaluate the critical variables that may impact the performance of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel in the context of its routine and intended use.

For the repeatability study, the same sample panel was tested following a single-site scheme. Repeatability testing was designed to evaluate the precision of a QIAstat-Dx ME Panel Cartridge under similar (intra laboratory) conditions. The Repeatability study was assessed with the same samples used for Reproducibility testing using Site 1.

The Reproducibility and Repeatability studies for the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel demonstrated that no test condition has a specific impact on the test performance or pathogen calling and confirmed its successful precision since the panel performance or pathogen calling showed to be repeatable along the testing days (results are shown in Table 12 and Table 13).

Table 12: Reproducibility study agreement rate (detected vs. expected) per analyte and the 2-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval by target for 1x LoD, $\mathbf { 3 x }$ LoD and Negative samples   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Grouping Variable(s)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Proportion</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Two-Sided 95%Confidence Limit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fraction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage(%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lower</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Upper</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 /30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Escherichia coli Kl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 /30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Listeria monocytogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89 /90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.97</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 /30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">3xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">n/a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 / 30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 / 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.98</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td></tr></table>

Table 13: Repeatability study agreement rate (detected vs. expected) per analyte and the 2-sided $9 5 \%$ Confidence Interval by target for 1x LoD, 3x LoD and Negative samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grouping Variable(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Two-Sided 95%Confidence Limit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cryptococcus neoformans/gattii</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Enterovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Escherichia coli K1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56 /60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59/60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 / 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics - Clinical Studies

# Expected values

In the prospective clinical performance evaluation of the QIAstat-Dx Meningitis / Encephalitis (ME) Panel residual cerebrospinal fluid specimens were collected. Specimens were tested at 13 geographically diverse clinical sites across 4 countries (3 sites in Europe and 10 sites in USA) from March 2022 to March 2023. The number and percentage of positive results as determined by the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel, stratified by age group are presented in Table 14. Overall, 1527 specimens were included in the prevalence assessment and the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel detected at least one organism in a total of 65 prospective specimens analysed in the study $( 4 . 3 \%$ positivity rate).

Table 14: Table Summary of Prevalence of Target Pathogens, as identified by QIAstat-Dx ME Panel, stratified by age   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>led by age</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17yearsold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44yearsold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64yearsold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84yearsold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;85yearsold</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli K1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(0.%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(1.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(0.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(0.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(0.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(3.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseriameningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2(0.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(1.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(0.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(1.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(1.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus (EV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23(1.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12(7.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(2.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(1.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fungi / Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii /Cryptococcusneoformans(not differentiated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(0.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(0.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5(1.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0(0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Overall Panel Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1462(95.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145(89.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124(96.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>407(97.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419(94.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>336(98.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30(96.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65(4.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18(11.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4(3.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11(2.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23(5.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7(2.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(3.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(50.0%)</td></tr></table>

N.B. Total of positive $^ +$ negative specimens is 1527 due to inclusion of 3 specimens where a QIAstat-Dx result was available but no FilmArray result was available (therefore classed as non-evaluable for the performance analysis).

# Clinical Performance

The performance characteristics of the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel was assessed by a multicentre, observational, prospective and retrospective, clinical performance study, testing fresh and frozen cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) residual specimens obtained by lumbar puncture from patients with signs and symptoms of meningitis and/or encephalitis. The study was conducted at 13 geographically diverse study sites: ten (10) U.S. sites and three (3) European sites. Testing of prospectively collected residual specimens occurred between March 2022 and March 2023. All study sites were hospital-associated or independent clinical diagnostics laboratories that perform routine diagnostics.

# Prospective Specimens Testing

A total of 1737 prospective residual CSF specimens were enrolled into the clinical study, of which 205 were withdrawn. The most common reason for specimen withdrawal was ineligibility. Additionally, some prospective samples could not be included in the agreement analysis due to missing data. The final dataset consisted of 1524 prospective specimens of which 552 $( 3 6 . 2 \% )$ were frozen before testing and 972 $( 6 3 . 8 \% )$ were tested fresh.

Table 15 provides a summary of demographic information for the 1524 specimens included in the prospective study.

Table 15: Demographic data for prospective evaluated specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>Prospective Fresh</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥85 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>474</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Prospective Frozen</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥85 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥85 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr></table>

October 28, 2024

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>769</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>754</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr></table>

Residual CSF specimens were tested with the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and two types of comparator methods (an FDA-cleared molecular comparator or two validated end point PCRs followed by bidirectional sequencing (BDS) for selected targets). All targets were compared to the FDA-cleared molecular method except Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes which were compared against two validated end point PCRs followed by bidirectional sequencing. The standard of care (SoC) testing varied across all sites but included bacterial culture, Laboratory Developed PCR test (LDT), FDA-cleared molecular methods and Cryptococcus antigen screen and culture. Standard of care (SoC) culture results were collected to allow an assessment of clinical sensitivity and specificity and were investigated in cases of discordant result.

Clinical sensitivity or positive percent agreement (PPA) was calculated as $100 \%$ x (TP / $( \mathrm { T P } + \mathrm { F N } ) ,$ . True positive (TP) indicates that both QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and comparator method have a positive result for the specific pathogen. False negative (FN) indicates that the QIAstat-Dx result is negative while the comparator result is positive for the specific pathogen. Clinical Specificity or Negative Percent agreement (NPA) was calculated as $1 0 0 \% \textbf { X }$ $\left( \mathrm { T N } / \left( \mathrm { T N } + \mathrm { F P } \right) \right)$ . True negative (TN) indicates that both the QIAstat- Dx Panel and the comparator method have negative results for the specific pathogen. False positive (FP) indicates that the QIAstat- Dx Panel result is positive for the specific pathogen, but the comparator result is negative. The two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals were calculated (Wilson Score Method).

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel prospective data for positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) against the comparator methods are presented by analyte in Table 16. Discrepancies between the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and the comparator methods were investigated and discrepancy investigations are footnoted in Table 16 below.

Table 16: Prospectively Collected Clinical Specimens (fresh and frozen) Performance Agreement (PPA and NPA) between QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and Comparator Method by Target   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCategory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP/TP+FN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN/TN+FP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Escherichiacoli K1a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 /3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.8-93.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">969 / 969</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0-79.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">551 / 551</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0-85.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1520 / 1520</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Positive Percent Agreement</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathogen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCategory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TP/TP+FN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TN/TN+FP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Haemophilusinflluenza</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0-79.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">970 / 971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.0-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">546 / 548</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.7-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.6-96.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1516 / 1519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Listeriamonocytogenesc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">971 / 971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.1-95.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">548 / 548</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.6-96.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1519 / 1519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Neisseriameingitidisencapsulated)d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">971 / 971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">551 / 552</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.0-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1522 / 1523</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 /2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">970 / 970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective FFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">551 / 551</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.9-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1521 / 1521</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspneumoniae </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.7-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">845 / 848</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.0-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective FFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64.6-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">515 /517</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.6-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.6-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1360 / 1365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.1-99.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">778 / 778</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">513 /513</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1291 / 1291</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Enterovirus(V) f</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 / 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.9-97.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">951 /952</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.4-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.0-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">548 / 548</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22 / 24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.2-97.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1499 / 1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.6-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Cryptococcusgatti/Cryptococcusneoformans(notdifferentiated)g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospective Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.8-76.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">965 / 967</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2-99.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProspectiveFrozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 /2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.2-100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">550 / 550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.0-84.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1515 / 1517</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.5-100.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

a For the prospective fresh Escherichia coli $K I$ discordant sample, no organisms were detected with resolution method PCR/BDS. For the frozen Escherichia coli K1 discordant sample no organisms were detected with bacterial culture.

b For the prospective fresh Haemophilus influenzae discordant sample, no organisms were detected by the SoC bacterial culture and resolution testing with PCR/BDS. Of the three (3) false positive Haemophilus influenzae samples, no organisms were detected in one fresh and one frozen by SoC culture and PCR/BDS resolution method was also negative. No additional testing results associated with the final frozen false positive sample were available.

c For the frozen Listeria monocytogenes discordant sample the negative result was confirmed positive with SoC culture and LDT result was positive.

d For the frozen Neisseria meningitidis (encapsulated) sample, no organisms were detected by SoC culture and LDT resolution testing with PCR/BDS also returned a negative result for this sample.

e Of the five (5) false positive Streptococcus pneumoniae samples, no organisms were detected in four (3 fresh and 1 frozen) prospective samples with SoC culture. One prospective frozen sample had no SoC result available. However, an FDA cleared method conducted as part of the study also produced a negative result.

f For the prospective fresh Enterovirus discordant samples, no organisms were detected in one sample by two independent SoC LDT assays. The negative result for the second sample returned a negative result with PCR/BDS. For the prospective fresh false positive Enterovirus sample, a negative result was returned when tested with PCR/BDS.

g Of the three false negative Cryptococcus gattii / Cryptococcus neoformans (not differentiated) results, no organisms were detected in two fresh samples with fungal culture and PCR/BDS. The remaining false negative fresh sample was confirmed negative for Cryptococcus gattii / Cryptococcus neoformans (not differentiated) with PCR/BDS. Of the two false positive results, no organisms were detected for one fresh sample with PCR/BDS. No organisms were detected in the second fresh sample with SoC fungal culture.

# Archived Specimens Testing

Several analytes were either not encountered or had a low prevalence in the prospective arm of the study, so an effort was made to collect and test as many archived samples (positive targeted archived specimens) as possible for all targets within the panel. A total of 195 retrospective archived specimens were enrolled into the study. One hundred and fifty-four (154) archived specimens were excluded from the analysis as positivity was not confirmed by the comparator method. A total of 41 evaluable archived specimens were used in the analysis to support the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel performance evaluation and Table 17 provides a summary of demographic information for the archived specimens.

Table 17: Demographic Summary of Evaluable Archived Specimens for QIAstat-Dx ME Panel Clinical Evaluation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subgroup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Age Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1 year</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-17 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-44 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-64 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-84 years old</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.7</td></tr></table>

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel retrospective archived specimen data in positive percent agreement and negative percent agreement against the comparator methods are presented by analyte in Table 18.

Table 18: Archived Clinical Performance Agreement (PPA) between QIAstat-Dx ME Panel and Comparator Method by Target\*   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 /41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314 /314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli Kl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 / 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 /6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 / 35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 /41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 /3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 / 38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 / 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 /18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.4-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 / 23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Virus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enterovirus (EV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 / 32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Fungi / Yeast</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryptococcus gattii /Cryptococcusneoformans (notdifferentiated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 / 33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.6-100.0</td></tr></table>

\*Please note that due to volume constraints, not all targets have the same number of specimens tested.

For each analyte where archived samples were available, a PPA of $100 \%$ was achieved.

# Co-Infections

No specimens with multiple detections were identified by the QIAstat-Dx ME Panel during the performance evaluation.

Clinical sensitivity and specificity determined against culture

The performance measure of sensitivity and specificity was calculated only for bacterial and fungi / yeast analytes for which the gold-standard CSF culture result was available in the standard of care for the specimen. This data was used in additional performance calculations outlined in Table 19 and Table 20.

Table 19: Bacterial Culture comparison for diagnostic sensitivity and specificity by sample category   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sensitivity(compared to culture)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Specificity(compared to culture)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleCategory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ba</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Escherichiacoli Kl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 / 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3-98.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5-90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760 / 760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>343 / 343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 / 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3-98.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>761 / 762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339 / 340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Listeriamonocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 / 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>761 / 761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 /3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.8-93.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>340 / 340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Neisseriameningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.6-98.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>761 / 762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342 / 343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 / 12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760 / 761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342 / 342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.6-98.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757 / 762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 /3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339 / 340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4-99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Streptococcuspyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 /12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>761 / 762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>343 / 343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9-100.0</td></tr></table>

Cryptococcus was also calculated in comparison to fungal culture performed as a standard of care diagnostic at clinical testing sites. For data that were available, QIAstat-Dx ME Panel performance is summarized in Table 20.

Table 20: Fungal Culture Comparison for diagnostic sensitivity and specificity by sample category   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleCategory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/TP+FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/TN+FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Fungi / Yeast</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Cryptococcusgattii          /Cryptococcusneoformans(notdifferentiated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129 / 131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6-99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProspectiveFrozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 / 24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2-100.0</td></tr></table>

# Validity of results

The failure rate for initial clinical specimens tests for prospective fresh was $2 . 7 \%$ (26/977), for prospective frozen was $1 . 3 \%$ (7/555) for prospective frozen and for archived samples was $1 . 7 \%$ (3/176). Those failures consisted of 5 instrument errors and 2 invalid results, and 29 were other run failures. All specimens except 5 (3 prospective fresh and 2 prospective frozen) were retested and were successful after retest, yielding a final success rate of $9 9 . 7 \%$ for prospective fresh, $9 9 . 6 \%$ for prospective frozen and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ for archived samples. The failure rates breakdown due to instrument, invalid results and other run failures is summarized in Table 21. Withdrawn specimens were not included in the validity assessment; however some prospective samples which were excluded from the agreement analysis were included for the validity assessment (3 prospective fresh, 5 prospective frozen and 135 archive specimens).

Table 21: Summary of the Number of Samples with Failed Test Results (Initial and Final)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Initial Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Final Runs(after repeats)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Category</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Failure Reason</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 /977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 /977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 /977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 /977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 / 977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 /977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prospective Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 /555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 /555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 /555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 / 555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 / 555</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Archived</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Invalid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 / 176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 /176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 / 176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

\*Internal Control failures with at least one analyte detected and the other analytes reported as ‘invalid’ $^ { * * }$ Run failures related to workflow checkpoints.

# Contrived Specimens Testing

Contrived specimens testing was conducted to support the nine (9) targets on the panel as there were insufficient positive specimens obtained from both prospective and archived collection efforts. Contrived specimens were prepared by spiking five different quantified strains representative of the genetic diversity of each pathogen. For each pathogen, the LoD concentration was manufactured at $2 \mathrm { x }$ (at least $50 \%$ ) and 5x LoD spiked into screened individual unique samples of negative CSF. Contrived specimens were tested alongside negative specimens in a blinded manner. The results are summarized in Table 22.

Table 22: Overall Proportion of Positive Results Post Exclusions or withdrawals of Contrived Positive Samples for Each Target   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification(genometype)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frequencyof PositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion(%) ofPositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower95%ConfidenceLimit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper95%ConfidenceLimit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=21 colspan=1>Bacteria</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Escherichia coli Kl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 /48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37/37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 /85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 /57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 /36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93 /93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Listeria monocytogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 /49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 / 38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Neisseria meningitidis(encapsulated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 / 48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 /40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85/88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Streptococcusagalactiae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 /49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 / 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 /88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Streptococcuspneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 / 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94/96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 /49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 / 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87/ 89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Enterovirus (EV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 / 49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39 / 39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87 / 88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fungi / Yeast</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Cryptococcus gattii /Cryptococcusneoformans (notdifferentiated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5xLoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 / 38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79 / 79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td></tr></table>

Target Proportion of Positive Result $2 9 5 \%$ was achieved for all prepared contrived samples 2xLoD and 5xLoD in all tested analytes.

# Conclusions

The QIAstat-Dx ME Panel is substantially equivalent to the to the predicate device, FilmArray Meningitis/Encephalitis (ME) Panel.