Cepheid   
Yen Nguyen   
Director, Regulatory Affairs 904 East Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K242071 Trade/Device Name: Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF Dated: July 15, 2024 Received: July 16, 2024

Dear Yen Nguyen:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Anna M. Mielech -S

Anna Mielech, PhD. Deputy Branch Chief (Acting) Viral Respiratory and HPV Branch Division of Microbiology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K242071

Device Name Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test, performed on the GeneXpert Xpress System, is an automated multiplexed real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for use in the simultaneous in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, influenza B, and/or respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV can be similar.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus is intended for use in the differential detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza, and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection.

Positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified virus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the test. The agent (s) detected by the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test may not be the definite cause of the disease.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and/or RSV infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary for Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus

# TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. 510(K) SUMMARY ...... ...3   
1.1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION . ...4   
1.2. DEVICE INTENDED USE.. ..5   
1.3. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE. ....6   
1.4. PERFORMANCE STUDIES ... ...8   
1.4.1. ANALYTICAL PERFORMANCE. ....8   
1.4.2. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE.. ..26   
1.5. CONCLUSIONS.. .31

# 1. 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Phone number: (669) 246-2271

# Contact:

Yen H. Nguyen, Ph.D.

Date of Preparation:

January 7, 2025

Device:

Trade name:

Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus

Common name:

Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus

Type of Test:

Qualitative real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and detection test

Regulation number Classification name Product code

21 CFR 866.3981, Multi-Target Respiratory Specimen Nucleic Acid Test Including SARS-CoV-2 and Other Microbial Agents, QOF.

21 CFR 862.2570, Real Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System, OOI.

Classification Advisory Panel

Microbiology (83)

Prescription Use

Yes

Predicate Device Assay:

Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus (K231481)

# 1.1. Device Description

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test is an automated in vitro diagnostic test for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B, and RSV viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and anterior nasal swab (NS) specimens collected from individuals showing signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infection.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test is performed on GeneXpert Xpress System, which consist of a GeneXpert IV instrument that executes sample preparation, nucleic acid amplification and real-time fluorescent signal detection for the tests, and a GeneXpert Hub with preloaded GeneXpert Xpress software for running the tests and viewing the test results. The GeneXpert Hub accessory integrates the computer, touchscreen monitor and barcode scanner. Each of the GeneXpert modules in the GeneXpert IV instrument can perform independent sample preparation and testing. The GeneXpert Xpress System requires the use of single-use disposable cartridges that hold the RT-PCR reagents and host sample purification, nucleic acid amplification, and detection of the target sequences. Because the cartridges are self-contained, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test cartridge includes reagents for the detection of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B and RSV viral RNA from NPS and NS specimens. The primers and probes in the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test are designed to amplify and detect unique sequences in the genes that encode the following proteins: SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid (N), SARS-CoV-2 envelope (E), SARS-CoV-2 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRP), influenza A matrix (M), influenza A basic polymerase (PB2), influenza A acidic protein (PA), influenza B matrix (M), influenza B non-structural protein (NS), and the RSV A and RSV B nucleocapsid. A Sample Processing Control (SPC) and a Probe Check Control (PCC) are also included in the cartridge utilized by the GeneXpert Xpress System. The SPC is present to control for adequate processing of the sample and to monitor for the presence of potential inhibitor(s) in the RT-PCR reaction. The SPC also ensures that the RT-PCR reaction conditions (temperature and time) are appropriate for the amplification reaction and that the RT-PCR reagents are functional. The PCC verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling, and confirms that all reaction components are present in the cartridge including monitoring for probe integrity and dye stability.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test is designed for use with NPS or NS specimens collected with nylon flocked swabs and placed into viral transport medium (VTM), Universal Transport Medium (UTM), or $\mathrm { e N A T } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ . The ancillary specimen collection kits, swabs and transport media validated for use with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test include:

# • Nasopharyngeal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses

o Copan UTM® 3C057N (Flexible Minitip Flocked Swab with UTM® Medium without Beads) Copan eNAT® Molecular Collection and Preservation Medium P/N 6U074S01 (Flexible Minitip Flocked Swab with eNAT® Medium)

# o Becton Dickinson Universal Viral Transport Kit P/N 220531 (Flexible Minitip Flocked Swab with UVT Medium)

# • Nasal Sample Collection Kit for Viruses

o Copan UTM® 3C064N (Regular Flocked Swab with UTM® Medium without Beads)   
o Copan eNAT® Molecular Collection and Preservation Medium P/N 6U073S01 (Regular Flocked Swab with eNAT® Medium)

• Alternatively, swabs and transport media can be obtained separately:

o Nylon flocked swab (Copan P/N 502CS01, 503CS01) Viral transport medium, 3 mL (Copan P/N 330C, 3C047N, BD Universal Transport Medium, Remel M4RT or Remel M5)

These ancillary reagents allow NPS and NS specimens from patients to be collected, preserved and transported to laboratory prior to analysis with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test.

# 1.2. Device Intended Use

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test, performed on the GeneXpert Xpress System, is an automated multiplexed real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for use in the simultaneous in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, influenza B, and/or respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV can be similar.

The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus is intended for use in the differential detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza, and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral RNA are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection.

Positive results are indicative of the presence of the identified virus, but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other pathogens not detected by the test. The agent (s) detected by the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test may not be the definite cause of the disease.

Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus, influenza B virus, and/or RSV infection. The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.

# 1.3. Substantial Equivalence

Table 1 shows the similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison of Similarities and Differences Between Subject and Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td>Subject Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus on the GeneXpert Xpress System</td><td>Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus on the GeneXpert Instrument Systems [K231481]</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation</td><td>Same</td><td>21 CFR 866.3981 Devices to detect and identify nucleic acid targets in respiratory samples from microbial agents that cause the SARS-CoV- 2 respiratory infection and other microbial agents when in a multi-analyte test</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>Same</td><td>QOF Multi-target respiratory specimen nucleic acid test including SARS-CoV-2 and other</td></tr><tr><td>Device Class</td><td>Same</td><td>microbial agents II (Special Controls)</td></tr><tr><td>Technology/ Detection</td><td>Same</td><td>Real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test, performed on the GeneXpert® Xpress System, is an automated multiplexed real- time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for use in the simultaneous in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A, influenza B, and/or respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV can be similar. The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus is intended for use in the differential detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral</td><td>The Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test, performed on the GeneXpert® Dx and GeneXpert® Infinity Systems, is an automated multiplexed real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for use in the simultaneous in vitro qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS- CoV-2), influenza A, influenza B, and/or respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) viral RNA in nasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasal swab specimens collected from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection due to SARS- CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV can be similar. The Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus is intended for use in the differential detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/or RSV RNA and aids in the diagnosis of COVID-19, influenza and/or RSV infections if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings. SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV viral</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV pluson the GeneXpert Xpress System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV pluson the GeneXpert Instrument Systems[K231481]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA are generally detectable innasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasalswab specimens during the acute phase ofinfection.Positive results are indicative of thepresence of the identified virus, but do notrule out bacterial infection or co-infectionwith other pathogens not detected by thetest. The agent(s) detected by the XpertXpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test may notbe the definite cause of disease.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/orRSV infection. The results of this testshould not be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment, or other patientmanagement decisions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RNA are generally detectable innasopharyngeal swab and anterior nasalswab specimens during the acute phase ofinfection.Positive results are indicative of thepresence of the identified virus, but do notrule out bacterial infection or co-infectionwith other pathogens not detected by thetest. The agent(s) detected by the XpertXpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test may not bethe definite cause of disease.Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B and/orRSV infection. The results of this testshould not be used as the sole basis fordiagnosis, treatment, or other patientmanagement decisions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A, Influenza B,RSV viral RNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)•   Anterior nasal swab (NS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TransportMedia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•   Universal Transport Medium (UTM) /Viral Transport Medium (VTM)eNAT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Nucleic Acid Extraction,Detection and Results Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InternalControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Processing Control (SPC)Probe Check Control (PCC)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Xpress System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cepheid GeneXpert® Instrument Systems</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36 min or less for sample preparation andRT-PCR</td></tr></table>

The following performance data (analytical and clinical) were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# 1.4. Performance Studies

# 1.4.1. Analytical Performance

# Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection) – Clinical Nasopharyngeal Swab (NPS) Matrix

The analytical sensitivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was first estimated by using 2 reagent lots and testing limiting dilutions of viruses (NATtrol SARS-CoV-2, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ World Health Organization (WHO) International Standard for SARS-CoV-2, Flu A H1, Flu A H3 , Flu B Victoria linage, Flu B Yamagata lineage, RSV A and RSV B) in pooled negative clinical NPS-UTM/VTM matrix, following the guidance in Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration for each strain at which $9 5 \%$ (19/20) of replicates yield a positive result. The estimated LoD values as determined by Probit regression analysis were verified using 2 lots of Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus reagents, by testing 20 replicates per virus/lot combination. The highest (least sensitive) LoD value for the two lots was reported as the final, verified LoD. The verified LoD values for the viruses tested are summarized in Table 2.

Table 2. Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Limit of Detection in Clinical NPS-UTM/VTM Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus/Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA-WA1/2020 (NATtrol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st WHO International Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/Idaho/07/2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/California/07/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0022 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/Hong Kong/45/2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44 FFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B/Washington/2/2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B/Wisconsin/10/2016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2/Australia/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/Long/MD/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320/MA/77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity – Clinical Anterior Nasal Swab (NS) Matrix

The analytical sensitivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test in clinical anterior nasal swab (NS) matrix was first estimated by using 2 lots and testing limiting dilutions of viruses (NATtrol SARS-CoV-2, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ World Health Organization (WHO) International Standard for SARS-CoV-2, Flu A H1, Flu A H3, Flu B Victoria linage, Flu B Yamagata lineage, RSV A and RSV B) in pooled negative clinical NS UTM/VTM matrix, following the guidance in Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2. The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration for each strain at which $9 5 \%$ (19/20) of replicates yield a positive result. The estimated LoD values as determined by Probit regression analysis were verified using 2 lots of Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus reagents, by testing 20 replicates per

virus/lot combination. The highest (least sensitive) LoD value for the two lots was reported as the final, verified LoD. The verified LoD values for the viruses tested are summarized in Table 3.

Table 3. Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Limit of Detection in Clinical NS-UTM/VTM Matrix   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus/Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA-WA1/2020 (NATtrol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64 copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st WHO International Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/Idaho/07/2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/California/07/2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0028 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/Hong Kong/45/2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49 FFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A/Victoria/361/2011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B/Washington/2/2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.3 CEID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B/Wisconsin/10/2016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/2/Australia/61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A/Long/MD/56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/9320/MA/77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27 TCID50/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B/Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4 TCID50/mL</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)

# SARS-CoV-2 in silico Analyses

The inclusivity of Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus was evaluated using in silico analysis of the assay amplicons in relation to SARS-CoV-2 sequences available in the GISAID gene database as of June 15, 2022. The sequences were separated into the lineages of interest based on the Pango Lineage assigned to each genome by GISAID, and those with ambiguous nucleotides were removed. Thus, the following inclusivity analyses focus on the combined, non-ambiguous sequences from the variants of interest and variants of concern as of June 15, 2022. These constituted 10,310,839 sequences for the E target, 10,428,014 sequences for the N2 target, and 10,178,602 sequences for the RdRP target. Table 4 summarizes the effective predicted inclusivity for E, N2 and RdRP amplicons for the variants of interests and concern.

Table 4. Predicted Inclusivity for E, N2 and RdRP Amplicons for SARS-CoV-2 Variants of Interests and Concern   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplicon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exact Match</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Mismatcha</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 or MoreMismatches</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total &lt;2Mismatches</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEP-COV-E-PLUS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,262,080 of 10,310,839 (99.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47,959 (0.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800 (0.01%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEP-COV-N2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,228,739 of 10,428,014 (98.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194,319 (1.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,956 (0.05%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEP-COV-RDRP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,092,873 of 10,178,602 (99.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84,595 (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,134 (0.01%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

a. Single-nucleotide mismatches are predicted to not impact the performance of the test.

Based on the built-in redundancy of the Xpert Xpress $\mathrm { C o V - 2 / F l u / R S V }$ plus test’s SARS-CoV2 amplification system (i.e., 3 independent targets, only 1 of 3 must be detected to assign a positive result), it is not anticipated that any of the evaluated SARS-CoV-2 sequences would be missed by the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test.

# SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B, and RSV Inclusivity Wet-Testing

In addition to the in silico analysis of the SARS-CoV-2 primers and probes for inclusivity, the inclusivity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was evaluated by bench testing against multiple strains of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A H1N1 (seasonal pre-2009), influenza A H1N1 (pandemic 2009), influenza A H3N2 (seasonal), avian influenza A (H5N1, H5N2, H6N2, H7N2, H7N3, H2N2, H7N9, and H9N2), influenza B (representing strains from both Victoria and Yamagata lineages), and respiratory syncytial virus subgroups A and B (RSV A and RSV B) at concentrations of ${ \sim } 3 \mathrm { x } \mathrm { L o D }$ in simulated matrix. A total of 102 respiratory viral strains comprised of 18 SARS-CoV-2 strains, 69 influenza viruses (48 influenza A and 21 influenza B) and 15 RSV strains were evaluated for analytical reactivity (inclusivity) with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test. Three replicates were tested for each strain. All SARSCoV-2, Flu and RSV strains tested positive in all 3 replicates. Results are shown in Table 5.

Table 5. Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity) of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Test   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Target Conc.</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 USA-WA1/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">412 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2/HongKong/VM20001061/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POSa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2/Italy-INM11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2/Africa/KRISPK005325/2020 (Beta)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.025 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2/England/204820464/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (NY-Wadsworth-21033899-01/2021) P1_ 2021 (Gamma)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (NY-Wadsworth-21006055-01/2021) P2_2021(Zeta)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (NYWadsworth-21025952-01/2021) B.1.526 2021 (Iota)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (NY-Wadsworth-103677-01/2020) B.1 2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (NY-Wadsworth-33126-01/2020) B.1.595 2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0015 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (USA/CA-Stanford-15 S02/2021) B.1.617.1 (Kappa)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (USA/PHC658/2021)B.1.617.2 (Delta)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (USA/MDHP01542/2021) B.1.351 (Beta)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (genomeequivalents/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 (USA/GA-EHC-2811C/20221) B.1.1.529 (Omicron)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 (genomeequivalents/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 RNA, USA/WA2/2020(C09)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS- o-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2RNA,England/205041766/2020 (C14)(alpha))</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 RNA, England/MILK-9E05B3/2020 (C15) (alpha)b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2 RNA /Japan (Brazil)/IC-0564/2021 (C17) (gamma)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="32">Flu A H1N1(re-2009)Flu A H1N1(pdm 2009)Flu AH3N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/swine/Iowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/WS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/PR/8/34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mal/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.156 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/1/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Jersey/8/76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/1999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New York/55/2004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Solomon Island/3/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0159TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Taiwan/42/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/NY/02/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Colorado/14/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Michigan/45/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Iowa/53/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Michigan/272/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Idaho/07/2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0159TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/505/2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/66/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/02/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Port Chalmers/1/73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hawaii/15/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/05c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/2007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Minnesota/11/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Indiana/08/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/50/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Alaska/232/2015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="20">AvianFlu uA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Texas/71/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Kansas/14/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/04/2018d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Arizona/45/2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/45/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8 FFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Mallard/NY/6750/78 (H2N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/Hunan/795/2002 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Vietnam/1194/2004 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/01/2005 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Japanese white eye/HongKong/1038/2006 (H5N1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/WI/34/75 (H5N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 1 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/turkey/Massachusetts/3740/1965 (H6N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 fg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/duck/LTC-10-82743 (H7N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 fg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/New Jersey/15086/3(H7N3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 fg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Anhui/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.612 ng/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Shanghai/1/2013 (H7N9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NAf</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/chicken/New Jersey/12220/1997(9N2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 pg/uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Lee/40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08 PFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Allen/45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/GL/1739/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/1/59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Taiwan/2/62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hong Kong/5/72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">Flu B (VictoriaLineage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Panama/45/90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.125 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/02/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Maryland/15/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Colorado/6/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Hawaii/01/2018</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Missouri/12/2018 (NA D197E)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Washington/02/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Virus</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target Conc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>Flu B(YYamagataLLineage)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/07/2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Florida/04/06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/01/2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025 CEID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Wisconsin/10/2016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Indiana/17/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Oklahoma/10/2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=11 colspan=2>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A/NY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.386 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A/WI-629.8.2/2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A/WI/629-11-1_2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A, Strain: 4/2015 Isolate #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (2014, Isolate 342)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (A2 cpts-248 mutant)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1600 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (2000/3-4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0015 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (2001/3-12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (1997/12-35)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (Homosapiens/ARG/177/2006)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.089 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A (1998/3-2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0089 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B/WV14617/85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B-CH93(18)-18-01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B (12/2014, Isolate #1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B (cp23 Clone 1A2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4200 copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

a. One of three replicates was Invalid. The run was successfully repeated to obtain three valid replicates. b. In vitro transcripts from Twist Biosciences. c. Influenza A/Indiana/02/2020 virus was without titer and the stock was diluted 48,000-fold in simulated matrix for testing. d. One of three replicates yielded an ERROR result. The run was successfully repeated to obtain three valid replicates. e. Purified viral RNA in TE and diluted in simulated matrix was tested due to biosafety regulations. f. Inactivated avian influenza A (H7N9) viral RNA without viral titer was diluted 100,000-fold in simulated matrix for testing due to biosafety regulations.

# Analytical Specificity (Exclusivity)

# In silico Analyses

An in silico analysis for possible cross-reactions with all the organisms listed in Table 6 was conducted by mapping the SARS-CoV-2 oligonucleotides and amplicons in the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test individually to the sequences downloaded from the GISAID database. E gene primers and probes are not specific for SARS-CoV-2 and will detect Human and Bat SARS-coronavirus.

In silico exclusivity analysis using Flu A, Flu B and RSV B primer and probe oligonucleotides against the GenBank database (which encompasses essentially all species) did not identify matches, with at least $80 \%$ similarity to each oligonucleotide, for any non-target organism expected to be found in a human respiratory tract sample. RSV A primer and probe oligonucleotides exhibited $5 8 0 \%$ homology with two Pangolin RSV A isolates. Therefore, the RSV A primer and probe may cross-react with Pangolin RSV A if the strain is circulating in a human population and present in a sample tested with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test. While there was some homology $2 8 0 \%$ to human genomic DNA, the matches were to different chromosomal regions, and there were no cases where a forward and reverse primer for a specific target matched to the same human genomic DNA fragment.

In silico exclusivity analysis using the five Flu amplicons (Flu A MP, Flu A PB2, Flu A PA, Flu B MP and Flu B NS) against the GenBank database produced no significant matches to non-influenza-related sequences. Similarly, no matches to RSV isolates from other species or to genomic sequences from non-RSV species were observed with the RSV B amplicon. While no matches of the RSV A amplicon to genomic sequences from non-RSV species of $2 8 0 \%$ homology were observed, the RSV A amplicon shared a $9 5 \%$ identity with two Pangolin RSV A isolates.

No cross reactivity with non-SARS-CoV-2, non-influenza and non-RSV viruses listed in Table 6 is expected based on the in silico analysis.

Table 6. Microorganisms Analyzed in the in silico Analysis for the SARS-CoV-2 Target   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganisms from the Same Genetic Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Priority Organisms</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus (e.g., C1 Ad. 71)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus HKU1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus NL63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus (e.g., EV68)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MERS-coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Metapneumovirus (hMPV)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bat coronavirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A &amp; B</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parainfluenza virus 1-4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parechovirus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Respiratory syncytial virus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bacillus anthracis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella parapertussis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia psittaci</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium diphtheriae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coxiella burnetii (Q-Fever)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fusobacterium necrophorum</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haemophilus influenzae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus sp.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella non-pneumophila</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leptospira</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma genitalium</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria elongata</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitidis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneumocystis jirovecii (PJP)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fungi</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspergillus sp</td></tr></table>

# Wet Testing

In addition to the in silico analysis of the SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV oligonucleotides and amplicons for cross-reactivity, the analytical specificity of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was evaluated by bench testing a panel of 48 microorganisms, comprising 4 human coronaviruses, 1 MERS coronavirus and 43 common respiratory pathogens or those potentially encountered in the nasopharynx. The panel was tested in different pools of microorganisms in simulated matrix; if a pool produced a positive result, then each member of the pool would have been tested individually. Three replicates of each pool were tested. A sample was considered negative if all three replicates were negative. The bacterial and yeast strains were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 \bar { 0 } ^ { 6 }$ CFU/mL except for Chlamydia pneumoniae which was tested at $1 . 2 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ IFU/mL and Lactobacillus reuteri which was tested at $5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ copies $ { / \mathrm { m L } }$ of genomic DNA. Viruses were tested at concentrations of $\geq 1$ $\mathrm { \Delta x 1 0 ^ { 5 } T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ . The analytical specificity was $100 \%$ . Results are shown in Table 7.

Table 7. Respiratory Microorganisms and Human Coronavirus Tested, Concentrations and Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Test Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Count</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control (NATFRC-6C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17e5 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MERS-coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17e5 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Count</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tested Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flu B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus 229E</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.21e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus OC43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human coronavirus HKU1a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23e6 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.07e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adenovirus Type 7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.15e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Echovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.80e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein Barr Virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.60e6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human metapneumovirus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.07e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human parainfluenza Type 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19e6 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mumps virus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rhinovirus Type 1A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0e5 TCID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acinetobacter baumannii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.30e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bordetella pertussis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.40e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Burkholderia cepacia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.90e8 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.30e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida parapsilosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.45e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrobacter freundii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.73e8 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corynebacterium sp.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enterococcus faecalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.87e7CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55e8 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemophilus influenzae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.62e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactobacillus reuteri b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0e7 copies/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legionella pneumophila</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42e8 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.46e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria meningitides</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria mucosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0e8 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propionibacterium acnes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.25e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus haemolyticus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.66e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus aureus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.87e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Staphylococcus epidermidis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.47e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.26e7 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus pyogenes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus salivarius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.19e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus sanguinis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.67e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycobacterium tuberculosis(avirulent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20e6 CFU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td></tr></table>

NA – Not Applicable a Live virus was not available. Synthetic RNA was used. bLive organism was not available. Genomic DNA was used.

# Microbial Interference

Microbial interference of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test caused by the presence of bacterial or viral strains that might be encountered in human upper respiratory tract specimens, was evaluated by testing a panel of 10 potentially interfering microorganisms, consisting of 7 viral strains and 3 bacterial strains. Contrived samples consisted of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B, RSV A, or RSV B viruses seeded at $3 \mathbf { x }$ the Limit of Detection (LoD) into simulated nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)/nasal swab (NS) matrix in the presence of Adenovirus Type 1C, Human Coronavirus OC43, Rhinovirus Type 1A, Human metapneumovirus, Human parainfluenza Types 1, 2, and 3 (each seeded at $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ ), Hemophilus influenzae (seeded at $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 6 } \mathrm { C F U / m L }$ ), Staphylococcus aureus or Staphylococcus epidermidis (each seeded at $1 \mathrm { x } 1 0 ^ { 7 } \mathrm { C F U / m L } )$ .

Eight (8) replicates of positive samples were tested for each target virus (SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B, RSV A, or RSV B) and each potential microbial interference strain combination. For each target, all 8 of 8 replicate samples were correctly identified using the Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus test. No microbial interference by the viral or bacterial strains was reported.

# Competitive Interference

Competitive interference of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus caused by co-infections were evaluated by testing contrived samples of individual SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B or RSV strains at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD in the presence of different target strains at a higher concentration in a simulated background matrix. The concentration at 3x LoD was 414 copies/mL for SARS$\mathrm { C o V - } 2$ (inactivated USA-WA1/2020); 0.021 $\mathrm { T C I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ for Flu A/Idaho/072018, 38.7 $\mathrm { C E I D 5 0 / m L }$ for Flu B/Washington/2/2019; 0.99 TCID50/mL for RSV A/2/Australia/61), and $\mathrm { 1 . 1 1 \ T C I D 5 0 / m L }$ for RSV B/9320/MA/77. The competitive strains were evaluated at ${ \ge } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ RNA copies $/ \mathrm { m L }$ , as determined by droplet digital PCR (ddPCR).

Replicates of 3 were tested for each target strain and each competitive strain combination. The virus at high concentration shows no competitive inhibitory effects if 3 of 3 replicates for the target strain report positive results. If the results reported less than 3 of 3 positive replicates, the concentration of the competing virus was reduced by 10-fold increments until no interference was observed. The results for competitive interference study are presented in

Tables 8 through 12 for high concentration of Flu A, Flu B, RSV A, RSV B and SARS-CoV2, respectively.

Table 8. Summary of Competitive Interference Study with Flu A at High Concentration   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Viruses at3X LoD</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferentVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Correct Calls (n/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 1.7e8RNAcopies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 1.7e7RNAcopies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 1.7e6RNAcopies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 1.7e5RNAcopies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr></table>

Table 9. Summary of Competitive Interference Study with Flu B at High Concentration   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Virusesat 3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correct Calls(n/3)at 1.4e5RNA copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

Table 10. Summary of Competitive Interference Study with RSV A at High Concentration   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Virusesat 3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correct Calls(n/3)at 4.6e6RNA copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

Table 11. Summary of Competitive Interference Study with RSV B at High Concentration   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Viruses at3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferentVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correct Calls (n/3)at 1.9e5RNA copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr></table>

Table 12. Summary of Competitive Interference Study with SARS-CoV-2 at High Concentration   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test Virusesat 3X LoD</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferentVirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correct Calls (n/3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 1e6RNA copies/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at 1e5RNA copies/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not tested</td></tr></table>

The study showed that Flu A/Idaho/07/2018 at concentrations above 1.7e5 RNA copies/mL inhibited detection of Flu B at 3x LoD, and at concentrations above 1.7e6 RNA copies/mL inhibited detection of RSV A at 3x LoD (Table 8). In addition, SARS-CoV-2 at concentrations above 1e5 RNA copies/mL inhibited detection of Flu B at 3x LoD (Table 12). No other competitive interference was observed for the potential co-infections evaluated in the study at the concentrations tested.

# Potentially Interfering Substances

Substances that are normally found in or may be introduced into clinical NPS or NS matrix that could potentially interfere with accurate detection of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B and RSV were evaluated with direct testing on the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus.

Potentially interfering substances in the nasal passage and nasopharynx may include, but are not limited to: blood, nasal secretions or mucus, and nasal and throat medications used to relieve congestion, nasal dryness, irritation, or asthma and allergy symptoms, as well as antibiotics and antivirals. Positive and negative samples were prepared in simulated nasopharyngeal swab (NPS)/ nasal swab (NS) matrix. Negative samples $( \mathrm { N } = 8 )$ were tested in the presence of each substance to determine the effect on the performance of the sample processing control (SPC). Positive samples $( \mathrm { N } = 8 )$ ) were tested per substance with viruses spiked at 3x the LoD determined for each strain. Positive samples tested with the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus included one SARS-CoV-2, two influenza A H1N1, two influenza A H3N2, two influenza B and two RSV (RSV A and RSV B) strains. The substances, with active ingredients and test concentrations, that were evaluated are listed in Table 13.

Table 13. Potentially Interfering Substances Tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simulated NPS/NS Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-adrenergicbronchodilator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol Sulfate (5mg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 mg/mL (equivalentto 1 dose per day)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Afrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline, 0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD UniversalTransport Medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood (Human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Copan Swab M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>FluMist Quadrivalent</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Vaccine</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Live attenuated influenzaviruses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7e-4% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7e-6% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7e-7% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluticasonePropionate NasalSpray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluticasone Propionate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Human peripheralblood mononuclearcells</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Human cells</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PBMC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 106 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 x 106 cells/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 x 106 cells/mL</td></tr></table>

Xpert® Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Active Ingredient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen 200 mg/tablet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oralanesthetic and analgesic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine, Menthol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Mucin protein (Bovineor porcine submaxillary gland)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasalointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mupirocin (20 mg/g = 2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHNY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal Drops</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine, 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M4RT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remel M5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transport Media</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline Nasal Spray</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride (0.65%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Snuff</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Tobacco product</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tamiflu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-viral drugs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zanamivir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibacterial, systemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Zicam</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Nasal Gel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Luffa opperculata, Galphimiaglauca, Histaminumhydrochloricum Sulfur (0.05%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5% (w/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc supplement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zinc Gluconate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

The results from the study (Table 14) show that for most cases, 8 out of 8 replicates reported positive results for each combination of virus and substance tested and no interference was observed. In the presence of FluMist at $6 . 7 \mathrm { e } \mathrm { - } 4 \%$ $\mathbf { \Pi } ( \mathbf { v } / \mathbf { v } )$ , interfering effects were observed when testing SARS-CoV-2, RSV A and RSV B strains. Inhibitory effects were not observed when testing these viruses in the presence of FluMist at $6 . 7 \mathrm { e } \mathrm { - } 6 \%$ (v/v) except for RSV A/Long/MD/56. For RSV A/Long/MD/56, the inhibitory effect was not observed when FluMist concentration was further reduced to $6 . 7 \mathrm { e } \mathrm { - } 7 \%$ (v/v). In the presence of human PBMC at $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ cells/mL, interfering effects were observed when testing Flu B/Washington /2/2019. Inhibitory effects were not observed when the PBMC concentration was reduced to $2 . 5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ cells/mL. In the presence of snuff at $1 \%$ (w/v), interfering effects were observed when testing Flu A /California/07/2009 and Flu B/Washington/2/2019. Inhibitory effects were not observed when testing the viruses at a snuff concentration of $0 . 1 \%$ (w/v). In the presence of Zicam at $1 5 \% \ : \mathrm { ( w / v ) }$ , interfering effects were observed when testing Flu A, Flu B and RSV A strains. Inhibitory effects were not observed when testing the viruses in the presence of Zicam at $7 . 5 \%$ $\mathrm { ( w / v ) }$ .

Table 14. Number of Correct Results for Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Targets Tested in the Presence of Potentially Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">Number of Correct Results/Number Tested for Each Virus and the No Virus Control</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No iu </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-SAA/--SRRSI-VI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">G6001//!.0/VR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8107/L0/0−14I/VR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/  0/B R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">/10/9/11I/VN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9107/01/uissCPR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6100/uRR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1/!.∃/TAAS </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99/0Nu01VASA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LL/∀W/0712RRS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M9/138/∀RRSR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlSimulatedNPS/NS Matrix(No substance)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/32a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/32b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32/32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24/24</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Afrin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/9c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD UniversalTransport Medium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% v/v</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan Swab M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FluMist</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7e-4% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7e-6% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7e-7% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FluticasonePropionate NasalSpray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a, b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8d</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human peripheralblood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1e6 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mononuclearcells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5e6 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25e6 cells/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%(w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Menthol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mucin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%(w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a, b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ConcentrationTested</td><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">Number of Correct Results/Number Tested for Each Virus and the No Virus Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nk c I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAAZ--SSSAM-A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6001//∃!0VR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8107/∠0/0004I/BR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60/ S/M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LI/9/1!11I/B R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">910/01/usuCPR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6103/0/uuCRR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29/u!.∃/7BSS </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99/0W/u0HSS </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2L/∀W/0712RSS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M9/98/∀RSSR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mupirocin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">PHNY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%(v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Remel M4RT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Remel M5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100% (v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Saline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%(v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="4">Snuff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4/8b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25 % (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 % (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Tamiflu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Tobramycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Zicam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5% (w/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Zinc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8/8</td></tr></table>

BOLD: False negative or INVALID results indicating interference from the substance a. One replicate reported NO RESULT. The run was successfully repeated to obtain the required number of valid replicates. b. One replicate reported ERROR. The run was successfully repeated to obtain the required number of valid replicates. c. One of 8 replicates reported a Flu B NEGATIVE result. The Flu B Probe check signals were reduced in this sample suggesting an issue with the EZR bead. The test was repeated and gave a Flu B positive result. d. One of 8 replicates reported INVALID. The run was successfully repeated to obtain 8 valid replicates e. Two of 8 replicates reported ERROR. The 2 runs were successfully repeated to obtain 8 valid replicates.

# Carryover Contamination

A study was conducted to assess whether the single-use, self-contained Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus cartridge prevents specimen and amplicon carryover by testing a negative sample immediately after testing of a very high positive sample in the same GeneXpert module. The negative sample used in this study consisted of simulated NPS/NS matrix and the positive sample consisted of high Flu B and high SARS-CoV-2 virus concentrations (Flu B/Wisconsin/10/2016 at $1 . 0 { \mathrm { e 6 } } \ \mathrm { T C I D 5 0 } / \mathrm { m L }$ and inactivated SARS-CoV-2 USA-WA1/2020 at 1e4 copies/mL) seeded into simulated NPS/NS matrix. The negative sample was tested in a GeneXpert module at the start of the study. Following the initial testing of the negative sample, the high positive sample was processed in the same GeneXpert module immediately followed by another negative sample. This was repeated 20 times in the same module, resulting in 20 positives and 21 negatives for the module. The study was repeated using a second GeneXpert module for a total of 40 positive and 42 negative samples. All 40 positive samples were correctly reported as SARS-CoV-2 POSITIVE; Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B POSITIVE; RSV NEGATIVE. All 42 negative samples were correctly reported as SARS-CoV-2 NEGATIVE; Flu A NEGATIVE; Flu B NEGATIVE; RSV NEGATIVE with the Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus test. No specimen or amplicon carry-over contamination was observed in this study.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was established at 3 external sites using a 10-member panel including 2 negative, 4 low positive $( \mathord { \sim } 1 . 5 \mathrm { x }$ LoD) and 4 moderate positive $( { \sim } 3 \mathrm { x } \ L \mathrm { o D } )$ samples. The negative samples consisted of simulated matrix without target microorganism or target RNA. The positive samples were contrived using inactivated NATtrol SARS-CoV-2 (ZeptoMetrix), cultured viruses Influenza A/ Idaho/07/2018, Influenza B/ Wisconsin/10/2016, and RSV B/Wash/18537/62 in a simulated NPS/NS matrix. Testing was conducted over 5 days, using 1 lot of Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus cartridges at 3 participating sites, each with 3 operators to yield a total of 90 observations per panel member (3 Sites x 3 Operators x 1 Lot x 5 Days x 1 Run x 2 Replicates $= 9 0$ observations/panel member). The results from the study are summarized in Table 15.

The percent agreement of the correct results compared to the expected results analyzed by each of the 3 operators and each site is shown in Table 15. In addition, the overall percent agreement for each sample $\%$ total agreement) and the two-sided Wilson Score confidence intervals (CI) are presented in the last column.

Table 15. Summary of Reproducibility Results – $\%$ Agreement   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="4">Site 1</td><td colspan="4">Site 2</td><td colspan="4">Site 3</td><td rowspan="2">% Total Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>Op 1</td><td>Op 2</td><td>Op 3</td><td>Site</td><td>Op 1</td><td>Op 2</td><td>Op 3</td><td>Site</td><td>Op 1</td><td>Op 2</td><td>Op 3</td><td>Site [95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td>Negative - 1</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 110/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% (0/90) [95.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td>Negative - 2</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% (0/90)</td></tr><tr><td>SARS-CoV-2 ow Pos</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100%</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100%</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100%</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>[95.9-100.0] 100% (0/90)</td></tr><tr><td>SARS-CoV-2</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>30/30 100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>10/10 100%</td><td>100%</td><td>10/10 100%</td><td>100%</td><td>[95.9-100.0] 100%</td></tr><tr><td>Mod Pos</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>9/9</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>29/29</td><td>(889/89) a [95.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td>Flu A Low Pos</td><td>100%</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>90% 9/10</td><td>90% 9/1</td><td>100%</td><td>93.3%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>97.8% (88/90)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>10/10</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>10/10</td><td>28/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>[92.3-99.4]</td></tr><tr><td>Flu A Mod Pos</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 3030</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100% (90/90)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>10/10</td><td>3030</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>3030</td><td>[95.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td>Flu B</td><td>100%</td><td>90%</td><td>100%</td><td>96.7%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>90%</td><td>96.7%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>97.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Low Pos</td><td>10/10</td><td>9/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>29/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>9/10</td><td>29/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>(8/ /90 92.3-99.4)</td></tr><tr><td>Flu B</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>Mod Pos</td><td>0/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>(90/90)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>[95.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td>RSV</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td>Low Pos</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>10/10</td><td>30/30</td><td>(90/90)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>[95.9-100.0]</td></tr><tr><td>RSV Mod Pos</td><td>100%</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 110/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 10/10</td><td>100% 110/10</td><td>100% 30/30</td><td>100% 90/90)</td></tr></table>

a. One replicate was excluded due to a repeat non-determinate test result.

The evaluation of reproducibility of the underlying analyte Ct values for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was analyzed using nested Analysis of Variance (ANOVA). The mean Ct, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation $\left( \mathrm { C V } ; \% \right)$ betweensites, between-operators, between-days, and within-run for each panel member are presented in Table 16.

Table 16. Summary of Nested ANOVA by Coefficient Variation   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Variance Source</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative - 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative - 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Low Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2Mod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu ALow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Flu AMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu BLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu BMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSVLow Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSVMod Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr></table>

a. One replicate was excluded due to a repeat non-determinate test result. b. Eighteen replicates were excluded due to zero Flu A2 Ct values.

# 1.4.2. Clinical Performance

The clinical performance of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was evaluated in a multi-site, observational and method comparison study that included 23 geographically diverse sites in the United States (US) using specimens collected from individuals showing signs and symptoms of respiratory infection. Of the 23 sites, 22 performed Xpert testing and specimen collection, and 1 site performed comparator and discrepant testing.

Specimens tested included prospective clinical NPS and NS specimens collected in UTM/VTM. Prospectively collected fresh clinical specimens (Category I) tested in the study were from a larger US specimen collection protocol. Fresh (3333/3334) and frozen (1/3334) specimens meeting the eligibility criteria were prospectively collected and tested in 2022. Due to low prevalence of Flu/RSV in 2022, archived prospectively collected frozen clinical specimens (Category II) collected during the 2016-2017 influenza season were used to supplement the sample size. These specimens represent contemporary Flu/RSV strains. Since these specimens were collected prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, they were expected to be negative for SARS$\mathrm { C o V - } 2$ and therefore tested only for the Flu A, Flu B, and RSV targets. Available demographic data from the individuals from whom Category I and II specimens were collected are presented in Table 17.

Table 17. Demographic Summary for Category I and II Specimens   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected Clinical Specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NPS(N=2300)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NS(N=2261)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall(N=4561)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Gender</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Female</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1296 (56.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1374 (60.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2670 (58.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Male</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1004 (43.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">887 (39.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1891 (41.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Age Group (Years)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273 (11.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">402 (17.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">675 (14.8%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600 (26.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">550 (24.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1150 (25.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1129 (49.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1015 (44.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2144 (47.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">298 (13.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">294 (13.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">592 (13.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Specimen Testing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1654 (71.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1679 (74.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3333 (73.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Frozen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">646 (28.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">582 (25.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1228 (26.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Race</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected in 2022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">American Indian or Alaska Native</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 (0.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asian</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53 (2.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58 (2.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111 (2.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asian, White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (0.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Black or African American</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">403 (17.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">389 (17.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">792 (17.4%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Black or African American, White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (0.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 (0.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 (0.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (0.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">White</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1042 (45.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1035 (45.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2077 (45.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other Mixed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (0.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 (0.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 (0.1%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Missing, Declined to Answer or unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141 (6.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 (8.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">321 (7.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected Pre- Pandemic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">645 (28.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">582 (25.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1227 (26.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Ethnicity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected in 2022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hispanic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136 (5.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146 (6.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">282 (6.2%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-Hispanic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1411 (61.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1413 (62.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2824 (61.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Missing, Declined to Answer or Unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108 (4.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 (5.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">228 (5.0%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected Pre-Pandemic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">645 (28.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">582 (25.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1227 (26.9%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">COVID-19 Vaccination Status</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected in 2022</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vaccinated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1293 (56.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1184 (52.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2477 (54.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Vaccinated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">328 (14.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">468 (20.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">796 (17.5%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unknown</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34 (1.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27 (1.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61 (1.3%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Prospectively Collected Pre-Pandemic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available (Not Vaccinated)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">645 (28.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">582 (25.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1227 (26.9%)</td></tr></table>

Specimens were tested using Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus side-by-side with a U.S. FDAcleared molecular respiratory panel that includes SARS-CoV-2 and a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular Flu A/B/RSV test, in a randomized and blinded fashion.

Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA), and nondeterminate rate were determined by comparing the results of the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test relative to the results of a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel for the SARSCoV-2 target, and a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular Flu A/B/RSV assay for the Flu A, Flu B, and RSV targets, respectively.

Discrepant results between Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus and the comparator for the SARS-CoV-2 target were investigated using a U.S. FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 molecular test. Discrepant results between the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus and the comparator for the Flu A/B/RSV targets were investigated using a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel.

A total of 3147 specimens, including 1565 NPS and 1582 NS specimens that yielded valid results by both the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus and the U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel, were included in the performance evaluation for SARS-CoV-2. A total of 4310 prospective (Category I and II) specimens, including 2175 NPS and 2135 NS specimens that yielded valid results by both the Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus and the U.S. FDAcleared molecular Flu A/B/RSV assay were included in the performance evaluation for Flu A, Flu B, and RSV targets.

For the NPS specimens (both fresh and frozen specimens, combined), Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $9 8 . 7 \%$ and $9 8 . 5 \%$ for SARS-CoV-2, respectively; $9 9 . 1 \%$ and $9 8 . 5 \%$ for Flu A, respectively; $9 6 . 6 \%$ and $9 9 . 9 \%$ for Flu B, respectively; $9 7 . 8 \%$ and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ for RSV, respectively (Table 18). The initial non-determinate rate for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test using NPS specimens was $2 . 5 \%$ (58/2300). On repeat testing, 51 specimens yielded valid results. The final non-determinate rate for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was $0 . 3 \%$ (7/2300).

Table 18. Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Performance Results for NPS Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen COllection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbers ofSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>294</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6 - 99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 - 99.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7 - 100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6 - 99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 - 99.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4 - 100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0 - 99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6 - 99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1 - 97.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1935</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6 - 99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9 - 99.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5 - 99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5 - 99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1576</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.0 - 100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9 - 99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.4 - 99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7 -100.0</td></tr></table>

TP: True Positive; FP: False Positive; TN: True Negative; FN: False Negative; CI: $9 5 \%$ two-sided Confidence Interval NA: Not Applicable

a. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 molecular test: 1/4 SARS-CoV-2 positive; 3/4 SARS-CoV-2 negative   
b. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 molecular test: 6/19 SARS-CoV-2 positive; 13/19 SARS-CoV-2 negative   
c. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 6/8 Flu A positive; 2/8 Flu A negative   
d. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/2 tests not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert   
e. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 21/21 tests not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert   
f. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/2 test not performed due to specimens being stored for a longer duration than recommended per the package insert   
g. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/2 test not performed due to specimens being stored for a longer duration than recommended per the package insert   
h. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/2 test not performed due to specimens being stored for a longer duration than recommended per the package insert   
i. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 1/1 test not performed due to specimens being stored for a longer duration than recommended per the package insert

For the NS specimens (both fresh and frozen specimens, combined), Xpert Xpress CoV2/Flu/RSV plus demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $9 8 . 4 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ for SARS CoV-2, respectively; $9 7 . 6 \%$ and $9 8 . 9 \%$ for Flu A, respectively; $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 9 \%$ for Flu B, respectively; $9 7 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 9 \%$ for RSV, respectively (Table 19). The initial non-determinate rate for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test using NS specimens was $2 . 9 \%$ (65/2261). On repeat testing, 46 specimens gave valid results upon retest. The final non-determinate rate for the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test was $0 . 8 \%$ (19/2261).

Table 19. Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus Performance Results for NS Specimens   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Collection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbers ofSpecimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA(%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2 - 99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 - 99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1582</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2 - 99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7 - 99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.1 - 98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6 - 99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2 - 97.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1902</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6 - 99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3 - 99.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9 - 100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2 - 99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9 - 100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1596</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.7 - 97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8 - 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>437</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2j</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.5 - 99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.4 - 99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6 - 99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6 - 100.0</td></tr></table>

TP: True Positive; FP: False Positive; TN: True Negative; FN: False Negative; CI: $9 5 \%$ two-sided Confidence Interval NA: Not Applicable

a. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 molecular test: 1/5 SARS-CoV-2 positive; 4/5 SARS-CoV-2 negative   
b. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA EUA SARS-CoV-2 molecular test: 2/9 SARS-CoV-2 positive; 4/9 SARS-CoV-2 negative; 2/9 invalid results; 1/9 discrepant testing was inadvertently not performed   
c. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/4 Flu A positive; 2/4 Flu A negative   
d. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/3 Flu A positive; 1/3 Flu A negative   
e. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 1/1 tests not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert.   
f. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 19/19 tests not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert.   
g. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 3/3 tests not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert.   
h. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 1/1 RSV positive   
i. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/2 test not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert.   
j. Discrepant test results based on a U.S. FDA-cleared molecular respiratory panel: 2/2 test not performed due to the specimens being stored for a longer duration than allowed per the package insert.

The number of specimens with positive results for more than one target as detected by Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus is presented in Table 20 and Table 21, where bolded values indicate concordant results.

Table 20. Multi-Target Detection by Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus for Specimens Collected in 2022   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Comparator Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2and Flu A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InfectionRate (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>N0e ses XP EM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>594</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2 and FluA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2231</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>577</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3028</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-Infection Rate (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>0.3</td></tr></table>

As presented in Table 20, a total of 3028 Category I and II specimens collected in 2022 yielded valid results for SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, and RSV targets for both the Xpert Xpress CoV$2 / \mathrm { F l u / R S V }$ plus test and the comparator test. The co-infection rate for Xpert Xpress $\mathrm { C o V } .$ $2 / \mathrm { F l u / R S V }$ plus was $0 . 1 \%$ (1/797) and the rate of co-infection by the comparator was $0 . 3 \%$ (2/774).

Table 21. Flu A, Flu B, and RSV Multi-Target Detection by Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus for Specimens Collected in 2016-2017 and 2022   
As presented in Table 21, of the 4310 Category I and II specimens evaluated for Flu A, Flu B and RSV targets, the co-infection rate for Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus was $2 . 0 \%$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Infection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Hologic Panther Fusion Flu A/B/RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu Aonly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu Bonly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSVonly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu Aand FluB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu AandRSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu BandRSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-infectionRate (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>ed //- x x Lsstt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A and Flu B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu A and RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flu B and RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3573</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4310</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-infectionRate (%) for theComparator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>1.3</td></tr></table>

(15/737) and the rate of co-infection by the comparator was $1 . 3 \%$ (9/698).

# 1.5. Conclusions

The results of the analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.