Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. Sumedha Sinha Clinical Development Lead 4300 Hacienda Drive Pleasanton, California 94588

Re: K243406 Trade/Device Name: cobas liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3981 Regulation Name: Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory Specimens From Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection And Other Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QOF Dated: October 31, 2024 Received: November 1, 2024

Dear Sumedha Sinha:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

# Sincerely, Joseph Briggs -S

Joseph Briggs, Ph.D.   
Deputy Division Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name cobas liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test

Indications for Use (Describe)

The cobas liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test is an automated rapid multiplex real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus, influenza B virus and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) nucleic acids in anterior nasal (nasal) and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza and RSV can be similar. This test is intended to aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections.

Nucleic acids from the viral organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal and nasal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection are indicative of the presence of the identified virus, and aid in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings.

The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions

Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. The organism(s) detected by the cobas liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test may not be the definite cause of disease. Negative results do not preclude SARSCoV-2, influenza A virus, influenza B virus, or RSV infections.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2,Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4300 Hacienda Drive,Pleasanton, CA 94588-2722</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sumedha SinhaPhone: 925-366-0146Email: sumedha.sinha@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 April 2025</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B &amp; RSV nucleic acid test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B &amp; RSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3981Device To Detect And Identify Nucleic Acid Targets In Respiratory SpecimensFrom Microbial Agents That Cause The SARS-Cov-2 Respiratory Infection AndOther Microbial Agents When In A Multi-Target Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QOF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HOLOGIC Panther Fusion® SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay (K241240)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Molecular Systems, Inc. (2243471)</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test is performed on the cobas® liat analyzer which automates and integrates sample purification, nucleic acid amplification, and detection of the target sequence in biological samples using real-time PCR assays. The assay targets both the ORF1 a/b non-structural region and membrane protein gene that are unique to SARS-CoV-2, a well-conserved region of the matrix gene of influenza A (Flu A target), the nonstructural protein 1 (NS1) gene of influenza B (Flu B target) and the matrix gene of RSV (RSV target). An Internal Control (IC) is included to control for adequate processing of the target virus through all steps of the assay process and to monitor the presence of inhibitors in the RT-PCR processes.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test is an automated rapid multiplex real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test intended for the simultaneous qualitative detection and differentiation of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus, influenza B virus and respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) nucleic acids in anterior nasal (nasal) and nasopharyngeal swab specimens from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection. Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infection due to SARS- CoV-2, influenza and RSV can be similar. This test is intended to aid in the differential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV infections in humans and is not intended to detect influenza C virus infections.

Nucleic acids from the viral organisms identified by this test are generally detectable in nasopharyngeal and nasal swab specimens during the acute phase of infection. The detection and identification of specific viral nucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection are indicative of the presence of the identified virus, and aid in diagnosis if used in conjunction with other clinical and epidemiological information, and laboratory findings.

The results of this test should not be used as the sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or other patient management decisions.

Positive results do not rule out coinfection with other organisms. The organism(s) detected by the cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test may not be the definite cause of disease. Negative results do not preclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus, influenza B virus, or RSV infections.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The primary technological characteristics and intended use of the Roche cobas® liat SARSCoV- 2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test are substantially equivalent to other legally marketed nucleic acid amplification tests intended for the qualitative detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A/B & RSV.

As indicated in Table 1, the Roche cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate device, the cleared HOLOGIC Panther Fusion® SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV Assay (K241240).

Table 1: Comparison of the cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device:cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B &amp;RSV nucleic acid test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSVAssay (K241240)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3981</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3981</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QOF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QOF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B &amp;RSV nucleic acid test is an automated rapidmultiplex real-time reverse transcriptionpolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) testintended for the simultaneous qualitativedetection and differentiation of severe acuterespiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), influenza A virus, influenza B virus andrespiratory syncytial virus (RSV) nucleic acidsin anterior nasal (nasal) and nasopharyngealswab specimens from individuals exhibitingsigns and symptoms of respiratory tractinfection. Clinical signs and symptoms ofrespiratory viral infection due to SARS- CoV-2,influenza and RSV can be similar. This test isintended to aid in the differential diagnosis ofSARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, andRSV infections in humans and is not intendedto detect influenza C virus infections.Nucleic acids from the viral organismsidentified by this test are generally detectablein nasopharyngeal and nasal swab specimensduring the acute phase of infection. Thedetection and identification of specific viralnucleic acids from individuals exhibiting signs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSVassay is a fully automated multiplexed real-timepolymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) in vitrodiagnostic test intended for the qualitativedetection and differentiation of severe acuterespiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS- CoV-influenza A virus (Flu A), influenza B virus (FluB), and respiratorysyncytial virus (RSV). Nucleic acids are isolatedand purified from nasopharyngeal (NP) swabspecimens and anterior nasal (AN) swabspecimens obtained from individuals exhibitingsigns and symptoms of a respiratory tractlinfection.Clinical signs and symptoms of respiratory viralinfection due to SARS-CoV-2, influenza, and RSVcan be similar. This assay is intended to aid in thedifferential diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, FluB, and RSV infections in humans and is notintended to detect influenza C virus infections.Nucleic acids from the viral organisms identifiedby this test are generally detectable in NP and ANswab specimens during the acute phase ofinfection. The detection and identification ofspecific viral nucleic acids from individualsexhibiting signs and symptoms of respiratory tract</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and symptoms of respiratory tract infection areindicative of the presence of the identifiedvirus, and aid in diagnosis if used inconjunction with other clinical andepidemiological information, and laboratoryfindings.The results of this test should not be used asthe sole basis for diagnosis, treatment, or otherpatient management decisions.Positive results do not rule out coinfection withother organisms. The organism(s) detected bythe cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B &amp;RSV nucleic acid test may not be the definitecause of disease. Negative results do notpreclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus,influenza B virus, or RSV infections.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">infection are indicative of the presence ofthe identified virus and aids in diagnosis if used inconjunction with other clinical and epidemiologicallinformation, and laboratory findings. The resultsof this test should not be used as the sole basisfor diagnosis, treatment, or other patientmanagement decisions.Positive results do not rule out coinfection withother organisms. The organism(s) detected bythe Panther Fusion SARS-CoV-2/Flu A/B/RSV assay may not be the definitecause of disease. Negative results do notpreclude SARS-CoV-2, influenza A virus,linfluenza B virus, or RSV infections. This assay isdesigned for use on the Panther Fusion system.The Hologic RespDirect Collection Kit is cleared forNP swab specimens only for testing with thePanther Fusion SARSCoV-2/Flu A/B/RSVassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal and anterior nasal swabs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nasopharyngeal and anterior nasal swabs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B, RSV RNA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2, Flu A, Flu B, RSV RNA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ancillary CollectionKits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Copan FLOQSwabs ™ with UTM™BD UVT with flocked swabSterile flocked swabs with a synthetic tip withother viral transport media (VTM)  Remel ™MM4RT, M4, M5 and M60.9% Saline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RespDirect Swab, intended for collection ofNPS specimens with UTM™/ VTM or eSTM•Enhanced Direct Load Tube (eDLT),containing enhanced specimen transportmedia (eSTM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">About 15 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~ 2.5 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmplificationTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-time PCR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay using different reporter dyes for targetand control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay using different reporter dyes for target andcontrol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls Used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing control (IC), Positive andnegative control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample processing control (IC), Positive andnegative control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cobas® liat System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panther Fusion System</td></tr></table>

Class II Special Controls as per 21 CFR 866.3981.

# 5. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

# 5.1. Analytical Sensitivity (Limit of Detection)

Limit of detection (LoD) studies determine the lowest detectable concentration of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV at which equal to or greater than $9 5 \%$ of all replicates test positive.

Two strains for each target (SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV) were evaluated. To determine the LoD for each target, co-spiked panels were formulated using cultured or inactivated viral material diluted in pooled negative nasopharyngeal swab matrix. Twenty-one replicates per lot of assay tubes per dilution were tested for five or six 2-fold dilutions using three lots of assay tubes. The strains evaluated, as well as their corresponding LoD values are shown in Table 2.

Table 2: LoD determination for SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV strains   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hit rate (Mean Ct)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA-WA1/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0350 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/21 (35.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO International Standard 20/146, v3,11/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.1 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21 (34.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Darwin/6/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.295 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21 (35.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brisbane/02/2018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00325 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21 (36.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Austria/1359417/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/21 (34.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phuket/3073/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.183 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21 (34.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9320 (Subtype B)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.269 TCID50/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21 (34.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Long (Subtype A)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0240 TCID5o/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/21 (33.8)</td></tr></table>

\* Inactivated virus

A separate study was performed to demonstrate that the LoD of each strain individually was equivalent to the co-spiked LoD.

# 5.2. Reactivity/inclusivity

The inclusivity study evaluates the ability of the test to detect SARS-CoV-2, influenza A influenza B, and RSV isolates/variants. The reactivity/inclusivity was evaluated with 10 SARS-CoV-2, 28

influenza A (15 H1N1, 10 H3N2, 1 H5N1, 1 H5N2 and 1 H7N9), ten (10) influenza B (5 Victoria and 5 Yamagata), and five (5) RSV isolates/variants. All strains were individually tested at ${ \sim } 3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD in 3 replicates to evaluate inclusivity. If $< 1 0 0 \%$ hit rate was observed, the concentration was doubled until 3/3 replicates were detected.

# SARS-CoV-2

The SARS-CoV-2 isolates/variants were tested as inactivated viruses in the study and the lowest concentrations detected are listed in Table 3.

In silico analysis on January 15, 2025 indicates $9 9 . 9 \%$ detection of all available SARS-CoV-2 sequences in the GISAID $\mathrm { ( > } 7 . 9 4 \mathrm { M }$ sequences) and NCBI $( > 1 5 . 0 4 \mathrm { M }$ sequences) databases.

Table 3: Results of Testing SARS-CoV-2 Isolate/Variants   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lineage/Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate/Variant*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative toLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hong Kong/VM20001061/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta, B.1.595_2020 (was B.1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NY-Wadsworth-33126-01/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta, B.1.617.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/MD-HP05285/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epsilon, B.1.427</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/CA/VRLC009/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma, P.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Japan/TY7-503/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lota, B.1.526_2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/NY-Wadsworth-21025952-01/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa, B.1.617.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/CA-Stanford-15_S02/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omicron, B.1.1.529, CH.1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/MD-HP41275/2022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omicron, B.1.1.529, XBB.1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/MD-HP40900/2022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zeta, P2 2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USA/NY-Wadsworth-21006055-01/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

\*These strains are in addition to the SARS-CoV-2 USA-WA1/2020 and WHO Standard 20/146, v3, 11/2021 used in the analytical sensitivity study.

# Influenza A

The influenza A isolates/variants tested in the study and the lowest concentrations detected are listed in Table 4.

Table 4: Results of Testing Influenza A Isolate/Variants   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lineage/Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate/Variant*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration(TCID50/mL)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative toLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/59/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Christ Church/16/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Denver/01/57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/England/221740513/2022**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 copies/mL‡</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/England/224020815/2022**</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91.5 copies/mL‡</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Fort Monmouth/01/47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Malaya/302/54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lineage/Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate/Variant*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration(TCID5o/mL)a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative toLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/New Caledonia/20/99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Swine/lowa/15/30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Sydney/5/2021B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/2570/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.54 EID5o/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AWS/33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/14/2023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 copies/mL‡</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Townsville/1A/2023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 copies/mL‡</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H1N1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/ Townsville/2A/2023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 copies/mL‡</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Aichi/2/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Brisbane/10/07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Cambodia/E0826360/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Darwin/9/2021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Hong Kong/8/68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/H3/Perth/16/09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Tasmania/503/2020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Victoria/3/75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Wisconsin/67/2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H3N2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/Singapore/INFIMH-16-0019/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H5N1†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/mallard/Wisconsin/2576/2009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H5N2†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/ruddy turnstone/NewJersey/828212/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.885 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H7N9†</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A/northernshoveler/Mississippi/110S145/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.54 CEID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12x</td></tr></table>

\*These strains are in addition to the influenza A Darwin/6/2021 and Brisbane/02/2018 strains used in the analytical sensitivity study. \*\*A/England/221740513/2022 GISAID ID is EPI_ISL_14387941 and for A/England/224020815/2022 GISAID ID is EPI_ISL_15803829. ‡ The concentrations tested are near the 1x LOD value (69 copies/mL) determined by digital PCR for the influenza A/Darwin/6/2021 strain. ä Concentrations are shown in TCID50/mL unless otherwise indicated. β Inactivated virus

# Influenza B

The influenza B isolates/variants tested in the study and the lowest concentrations detected are listed in Table 5.

Table 5: Results of Testing Influenza B Isolate/Variants   
Page 7   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lineage/Subtype</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isolate/Variant*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Concentration(TCID50/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative toLoD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Brisbane/60/2008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Colorado/06/2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Malaysia/2506/04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Michigan/09/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Victoria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Washington/02/2019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Florida/04/06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Massachusetts/2/2012</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/6/2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B/Texas/81/2016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937 EID50/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yamagata</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BWisconsin/1/2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.937</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x</td></tr></table>

\*These strains are in addition to the influenza B Austria/1359417/2021 and Phuket/3073/2013 strains used in the analytical sensitivity study. ä Concentrations are shown in $\mathsf { T C } \mathsf { I D } _ { 5 0 } / \mathsf { m L }$ unless otherwise indicated.

# RSV

The RSV isolates/variants tested in the study and the lowest concentrations detected are listed in Table 6.

Table 6: Results of Testing RSV Isolate/Variants   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lineage/Subtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isolate/Variant*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Concentration(TCID50/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative toLoD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A 2006 isolate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B Ch93(18)-18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B Wash/18537/62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV-B WV/14617/85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x</td></tr></table>

\*These strains are in addition to the RSV 9320 (Subtype B) and Long (Subtype A) strains used in the analytical sensitivity study.

# 5.3. Cross reactivity and microbial interference

Cross-reactivity and microbial interference were evaluated by testing a panel of microorganisms (Table 7). High titer stocks of the potentially cross-reacting microorganisms were tested for crossreactivity, and also in the presence of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV at $3 \mathbf { x }$ LoD concentrations for microbial interference. Three (3) replicates in target negative background and three (3) replicates in target positive background were tested for each non-target microorganism. The testing concentrations for potentially interfering viruses are ${ \ge } 1 . 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 5$ units/mL except for three viruses (SARS Coronavirus, Urbani, Human Rhinovirus Type 1A, and Human Parainfluenza Virus Type 4A) which were tested at a concentration less than $1 . 0 \mathrm { e } { + 5 }$ , but higher than $1 . 0 \mathrm { e } { + 4 }$ units/mL due to their low stock concentration. Other microorganisms (non-virus) were tested at ${ \geq } 1 . 0 \mathrm { E } { + } 0 6 $ units/mL. Clinical specimens containing Human Coronavirus HKU1 and Pneumocystis jirovecii were also tested (concentrations were unknown). None of the organisms tested cross reacted or interfered with cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test performance at the concentrations tested.

Table 7: Microorganisms tested for cross-reactivity and microbial interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 1β</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycobacterium tuberculosis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenovirus Type 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MERS-Coronavirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma genitalium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomegalovirus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epstein-Barr virus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mumps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria elongata</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus OC43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS Coronavirus, Urbani*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria flava</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus 229E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella parapertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neisseria meningitidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus HKU†</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bordetella pertussis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pneumocystis jirovecii </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Coronavirus NL63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlamydophila pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Enterovirus 68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corynebacterium flavescens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus aureus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Metapneumovirus 27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcus epidermidis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza VirusTyp1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fusobacterium necrophorum subsp.necrophorum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pneumoniae</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza VirusType 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haemophilus influenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus pyogenes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza VirusType 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactobacillus crispatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus salivarius</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parainfluenza VirusType 4A*β</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legionella pneumophila</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspergillus flavus var. flavus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Rhinovirus Type 1A*β</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moraxella catarrhalis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td></tr></table>

\* Tested at highest concentration available β Inactivated virus Ɨ Clinical specimens at unknown concentrations were tested.

# 5.4. Competitive inhibition

To assess competitive inhibition between SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV, each target prepared at high concentrations with the other three targets at low concentrations (approximately three times the respective LoD) was tested to evaluate any potential impact by the high concentration target on the detection of the other targets (Table 8). Five (5) replicates were tested for each concentration combination.

Testing results indicated that when one viral target was present at high concentrations tested, no interference was observed for the other three viral targets that were present at low concentrations $( { \sim } 3 \mathrm { x } \ L \mathrm { o D } )$ .

Table 8: Competitive inhibition strains and concentrations tested with the cobas® liat SARSCoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x LoD Concentration(TCID5o/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Concentration Used inCombination with other LowConcentration Targets (TCID5o/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS WA 1/2020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14E+05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/Darwin/6/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.885</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B/Austria/1359417/2021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.937</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.79E+06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV 9320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.807</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35E+06</td></tr></table>

# 5.5. Endogenous and exogenous interference

Potentially interfering substances that may be commonly encountered in respiratory specimens were evaluated. Each substance was tested by introducing potential interferents. Five (5) replicates were tested with and five (5) replicates were tested without 3x LoD SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV targets. The substances listed in Table 9 at the concentrations tested did not interfere in the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B or RSV nor did they produce invalid results in negative samples.

Table 9: Endogenous and Exogenous Interference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00E+06 cell/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mucin: bovine submaxillary gland, type I-S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal spray - Afrin / Anefrin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% V/V</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal corticosteroids - Flonase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/V)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal gel - Zicam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% (v/v)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throat lozenges, oral anesthetic and analgesic - Cepacol**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibiotic, nasal ointment - Bactroban mupirocin ointment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiviral drug - Relenza</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antiviral drug - Tamiflu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antimicrobial, systemic- Tobramycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intranasal Vaccine - FluMist*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25% (v/v)</td></tr></table>

\*FluMist® contains influenza A and B virus and will test positive if present in the sample. \*\* One invalid result was obtained in the presence of target analytes. Repeat testing was performed and all targets were detected. The one invalid result was most likely caused by other factors such as general tube processing error, lot variation, etc. that are not related to the interference test condition.

# 5.6. Reproducibility study

A reproducibility study assessed the total variability of the assay in detecting SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV across operators, study sites, testing days, analyzers, and assay tube lots. The reproducibility was evaluated at three (3) study sites representative of intended use settings. Two (2) operators at each of the three (3) sites tested a 3-member reproducibility panel in triplicate on five (5) different days for three (3) assay tube lots. The reproducibility panel comprises a low positive (1-2x LoD) and a moderate positive (3-5x LoD) co-formulated for SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV, in addition to negative samples. The expected result for the true negative panel member is “Not Detected,” while the expected result for the low positive and moderate positive panel members is “Detected.” Percent agreement with expected result is shown in Table 10.

Table 10: Reproducibility Results for the cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected PanelMemberConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valid Tests (N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results inAgreement withTarget Analyte(n)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentAgreement n/N x100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Score Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x-2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x-5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x-2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.9, 99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x-5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x-2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.9, 99.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x-5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1x-2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3x-5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.6, 100.0)</td></tr></table>

Note: Results were in agreement when a positive panel member had a valid result of “Detected” for the analyte or when the negative panel member had a valid result of “Not Detected” for the analyte.

The means, standard deviations, and coefficients of variation $( \% )$ for cycle threshold $\mathrm { ( C t ) }$ values by target analyte and expected concentration (Positive Panel Members) are shown in Table 11.

Table 11: Overall Mean Estimate, Standard Deviations, and Coefficients of Variation $( \% )$ for Cycle Threshold Values by Target Analyte and Expected Concentration (Positive Panel Members) for the cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expect-edConcen-tration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n/Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeanCt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SiteSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site%%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotSSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DaySD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RunSDb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Runcv</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Run(Residuall) SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-Run(ResidualCV%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalCV%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x-2xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270/270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SARS-CoV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x-5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">267/267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x-2xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268/269</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x-5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">267/267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x-2xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268/269</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Influenza B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x-5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">267/267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1x-2xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270/270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RSV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3x-5xLoD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">267/267</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr></table>

Note: Ct $=$ cycle threshold; LoD $=$ Limit of Detection; SARS-CoV- ${ \underline { { \ ? } } } =$ Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus2; RSV $=$ Respiratory syncytial virus; SD $=$ standard deviation; ${ \mathsf { C V } } \% =$ percent coefficient of variation. a  n is the number of positive tests, which contribute Ct values to the analysis. N is the total number of valid tests for the panel member by target analyte. b In the reproducibility study, each panel member was tested in triplicate, defining one run.

# 6. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

# 6.1. Prospective Study

The clinical performance of cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV for the detection of SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, influenza B, and RSV was evaluated using paired prospective fresh nasopharyngeal swab (NPS) and anterior nasal swab (ANS) specimens collected in Universal Viral Transport medium (UVT) or Universal Transport Medium (UTM) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infection. For prospectively enrolled subjects an NPS specimen was collected from each subject along with either a self- collected or a healthcareprovider collected ANS specimen. Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) were determined by comparing the results of cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV to the results of an FDA-cleared Nucleic Acid Amplification Test (NAAT).

Prospective clinical (Category I) specimens were collected and tested in a non-interventional study between September 2023 and March 2024 at 14 point of care testing sites in the United States (US). Of the 1729 prospective symptomatic subjects enrolled, 1704 NPS specimens were evaluable in the SARS-CoV-2, influenza A, and influenza B analyses, 20 were non-evaluable due to missing or invalid cobas® liat test results, and 5 were non-evaluable due to specimen handling issues. 1705 NPS specimens were evaluable in the RSV analyses, 19 were nonevaluable due to missing or invalid cobas® liat test results, and 5 were non-evaluable due to specimen handling issues. Of the 1729 prospective symptomatic subjects enrolled, 1705 ANS specimens were evaluable in the SARS-CoV-2 and influenza B analyses, 23 were non-evaluable due to missing or invalid cobas® liat test results, and 1 was non-evaluable due to specimen handling issues. Two (2) additional ANS specimens obtained inconclusive comparator results for influenza A, leaving 1703 ANS specimens in the influenza A analysis. 1706 ANS specimens were evaluable in the RSV analyses, 22 were non-evaluable due to missing or invalid cobas® liat test results, and 1 was non-evaluable due to specimen handling issues. Available demographic data regarding the individuals from whom specimens were obtained are presented in Table 12.

Table 12: Demographics of Prospectively Enrolled Individuals   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall N(%)(N=1729)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex at Birth</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>681 ( 39.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1048 ( 60.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group (Years)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 ( 1.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-&lt;18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>434 ( 25.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>381 (22.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - &lt;40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246 ( 14.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 -&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 (11.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - &lt;60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181 (10.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;=60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254 (14.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethnicity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hispanic / Latino</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244 ( 14.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Hispanic / Latino</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1478 ( 85.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 (0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ( 0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Race</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>American Indian / Alaska Native</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8(0.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24(1.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black / African American</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212 (12.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Native Hawaiian / Other Pacific Islander</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3(0.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1413 (81.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Race</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52 ( 3.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 (1.0%)</td></tr></table>

For the NPS specimens, cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza $\mathrm { A } / \mathrm { B }$ & RSV demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $9 4 . 5 \%$ and $9 7 . 6 \%$ for SARS-CoV-2, respectively; $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ for influenza A, respectively; $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ for influenza B, respectively; and $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 0 \%$ for RSV, respectively (Table 13). For the ANS specimens, cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $9 6 . 7 \%$ and $9 7 . 2 \%$ for SARS-CoV-2, respectively; $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ for influenza A, respectively; $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 9 . 5 \%$ for influenza B, respectively; and $9 7 . 5 \%$ and $9 8 . 8 \%$ for RSV, respectively (Table 13). The initial invalid rate of cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV on NPS and ANS specimens was $0 . 5 \%$ and $0 . 7 \%$ respectively. Upon repeat testing, the final assay invalid rate on NPS and ANS was $0 \%$ and $0 . 1 \%$ respectively.

Table 13: Clinical Performance of cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV Relative to the Comparator by Specimen Type and Target   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a/(a+c)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/(b+d)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207/219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.7-96.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1450/1485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7-98.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SARS-CoV-2**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208/215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4-98.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1448/1490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2-97.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1639/1650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza A#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53/53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1639/1650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B&amp;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1670/1682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8-99.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B&amp;&amp;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1672/1681</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0-99.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1618/1635</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3-99.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSV$$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79/81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4-99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1606/1625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2-99.3</td></tr></table>

Abbreviations: PPA $=$ Positive Percent Agreement; ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Score Confidence Interval; NPA $=$ Negative Percent Agreement; NPS $=$ Nasopharyngeal swab; ANS $=$ Anterior Nasal Swab; RSV=Respiratory syncytial virus; SARS-CoV-2 $=$ Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2.

Note: $\mathsf { N } =$ Total number of specimens; $\mathtt { a } =$ number of specimens where both cobas® liat and the comparator are positive; $\flat =$ number of specimens where cobas® liat is positive and the comparator is negative; ${ \tt c } = { \tt { \tt { \tt { \tt { \alpha } } } } }$ number of specimens where cobas® liat is negative and the comparator is positive; ${ \mathsf { d } } =$ number of specimens where both cobas® liat and the comparator are negative.

\* SARS-CoV-2 NPS discrepant NAAT results: Of 12 specimens negative on cobas® liat and positive on the comparator, 8 were positive and 4 were negative. Of 35 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, 12 were positive and 23 were negative .

# Influenza A NPS discrepant NAAT results: Of 11 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, 2 were positive and 9 were negative.

& Influenza B NPS discrepant NAAT results: Of 12 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, all 12 were negative.

\$ RSV NPS discrepant NAAT results: Of 17 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, 2 were positive and15 were negative.

\*\* SARS-CoV-2 ANS discrepant NAAT results: Of 7 specimens negative on cobas® liat and positive on the comparator, 6 were positive and 1 was negative. Of 42 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, 8 were positive and 34 were negative.

## Influenza A ANS discrepant NAAT results: Of 11 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, 1 was positive and 10 were negative.

&& Influenza B ANS discrepant NAAT results: Of 9 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, all 9 were negative.

\$\$ RSV ANS discrepant NAAT results: Of 2 specimens negative on cobas® liat and positive on the comparator, 1 was positive and 1 was negative. Of 19 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, all 19 specimens were negative.

# 6.2. Retrospective Study

Influenza B was of lower prevalence and was not encountered in sufficiently large numbers during the prospective clinical study to adequately demonstrate assay performance. To supplement the results of the prospective clinical study, retrospective frozen clinical NPS and ANS specimens collected in Universal Viral Transport medium (UVT) or Universal Transport Medium (UTM) from individuals with signs and symptoms of respiratory viral infection were tested. Frozen archived (Category III) influenza B positive and negative NPS $\mathrm { \Delta } ( { \mathrm { n } } { = } 2 2 3$ ) and ANS $\mathrm { \Delta } [ \mathrm { n } { = } 2 0 6$ ) specimens obtained between 2019 and 2023 were distributed to 6 sites and tested in the course of the daily workflow. One NPS sample pre-characterized as positive for influenza B was non-evaluable due to missing/invalid results on the comparator method. The comparator method was an acceptable FDA-cleared molecular assay.

Available demographic data regarding the individuals from the retrospective study are shown in Table 14.

Table 14: Demographics of Subjects from Retrospective Population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall N(%)(N=429)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex at Birth</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151 ( 35.20%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226 ( 52.68%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52 ( 12.12%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Group (Years)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ( 0.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-&lt;18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129 ( 30.07%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77 ( 17.95%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-&lt;40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79 ( 18.41%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-&lt;50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 ( 6.53%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 -&lt;60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 ( 3.26%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;=60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 ( 5.36%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79 ( 18.41%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethnicity</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hispanic / Latino</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98 ( 22.84%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Hispanic / Latino</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112 ( 26.11%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213 ( 49.65%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ( 1.17%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ( 0.23%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Race</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>American Indian / Alaska Native</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 ( 0.47%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asian</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ( 0.70%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black / African American</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 ( 2.80%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196 ( 45.69%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Race</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 ( 0.70%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (1.17%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208 ( 48.48%)</td></tr></table>

For the retrospective NPS specimens, cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 7 . 9 \%$ for influenza B, respectively (Table 15). For the retrospective ANS specimens, cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV demonstrated a PPA and NPA of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ and $9 8 . 3 \%$ for influenza B, respectively (Table 15). No invalid results were observed for the cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV with retrospective NPS or ANS specimens for an invalid rate of $0 . 0 \%$ .

Table 15: Agreement of cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test and Comparator Test for influenza B in Retrospective Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a(a+c)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA 95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/(b+d)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Influenza B*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8-100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>184/188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7-99.2</td></tr></table>

Influenza $\mathsf { B } ^ { \star \star }$ ANS 34/34 100.0 89.8-100.0 169/172 98.3 95.0-99.4 Abbreviations: PPA $=$ Positive Percent Agreement; ${ \mathsf { C l } } =$ Confidence Interval; NPA $=$ Negative Percent Agreement; NPS $=$ Nasopharyngeal swab; ${ \mathsf { A N S } } =$ Anterior Nasal Swab; RSV $^ { \prime } =$ Respiratory syncytial virus; SARS-CoV-2 $=$ Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2.   
Note: $\mathsf { N } =$ Total number of specimens; $\mathtt { a } =$ number of specimens where both cobas® liat and the comparator are positive; b = number of specimens where cobas® liat is positive and the comparator is negative; ${ \tt c } = { \tt { \tt { \tt { \tt { \alpha } } } } }$ number of specimens where cobas® liat is negative and the comparator is positive; ${ \mathsf { d } } =$ number of specimens where both cobas® liat and the comparator are negative.   
\* Influenza B NPS discrepant NAAT results: Of 4 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, all 4 were negative.   
\*\* Influenza B ANS discrepant NAAT results: Of 3 specimens positive on cobas® liat and negative on the comparator, 1 was positive and 2 were negative.

# 7. CONCLUSIONS

A comparison of the intended use, technological characteristics, and the results of analytical (non-clinical) and clinical performance studies demonstrates that cobas® liat SARS-CoV-2, Influenza A/B & RSV nucleic acid test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.