BioFire Diagnostics, LLC   
Karli Plenert   
Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs   
515 Colorow Drive   
Salt Lake City, Utah 84108

Re: K243885 Trade/Device Name: BIOFIRE FILMARRAY Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel Mid Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990 Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Microorganism Multiplex Nucleic Acid-Based Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PCH Dated: December 18, 2024 Received: December 18, 2024

Dear Karli Plenert:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,   
Bryan M. Digitally signed by Bryan M. Grabias -S   
Grabias -S Date: 2025.01.16 13:45:22-05'00'   
Bryan Grabias, Ph. D.   
Acting Branch Chief   
Bacterial Respiratory and Medical Countermeasures Branch Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K243885

Device Name BIOFIRE FILMARRAY Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel Mid

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel Mid is an automated qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid-based   
in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with BIOFIRE FILMARRAY Systems. The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel   
Mid is capable of the simultaneous detection and identification of nucleic acids from multiple bacteria, viruses, and   
parasites directly from stool samples in Cary Blair transport media obtained from individuals with signs and/or symptoms   
of gastrointestinal infection. The following bacteria, parasites, and viruses are identified using the BIOFIRE   
FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid:   
• Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis)   
• Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile (toxin A/B)   
• Salmonella   
• Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/ V. cholerae)   
• Yersinia enterocolitica   
• Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2   
• Shigella/ Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC)   
• Cryptosporidium   
• Cyclospora cayetanensis   
• Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)   
• Norovirus GI/GII

The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Yersinia enterocolitica, were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens.

Performance characteristics for Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and Vibrio cholerae) was established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

Negative BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal Panel Mid Special 510(k) Summary BioFire Diagnostics, LLC

# Introduction:

The purpose of this Special 510(k) submission is to obtain clearance for the BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal Panel Mid (BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid). The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is compatible with the BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® 2.0 System (K143178) and the BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® TORCH System (K160068), a polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based in vitro diagnostic system for infectious disease testing.

The BIOFIRE GI Panel Mid is an identical product to the BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal Panel (K242367) except it uses modified labeling and modified software to mask and report only 11 of the 22 targets normally reported on the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel.

Modifications to the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid labeling, which includes changes to the Instructions for Use an Quick Guide, have been made to reflect the change in panel name and reported analytes.

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the information included with this submission provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitted by:

BioFire Diagnostics, LLC (bioMérieux) 515 Colorow Drive Salt Lake City, UT 84108

Contact: Karli Plenert, MBA Telephone: 385-414-4985 Email: Karli.Plenert@biomerieux.com

Date submitted: January 16, 2025

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade name: BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel Mid

Primary Regulation Number for Device Classification: 21 CFR 866.3990

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3990

Classification Name: Gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay

# Predicate Device:

K242367– BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal (GI) Panel

# Intended Use:

The BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal Panel Mid is an automated qualitative multiplexed nucleic acid-based in vitro diagnostic test intended for use with BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Systems. The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is capable of the simultaneous detection and identification of nucleic acids from multiple bacteria, viruses, and parasites directly from stool samples in Cary Blair transport media obtained from individuals with signs and/or symptoms of gastrointestinal infection. The following bacteria, parasites, and viruses are identified using the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid:

<table><tr><td>Bacteria</td><td>Viruses</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/ C. upsaliensis) Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile (toxin A/B)</td><td>Norovirus GI/GII</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Salmonella Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) stx1/stx2</td><td>Parasites</td></tr><tr><td>Cryptosporidium</td></tr><tr><td>Shigella/Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC) Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae)</td><td>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td></tr><tr><td>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td>Giardia lamblia</td></tr></table>

The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Yersinia enterocolitica were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens.

Performance characteristics for Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and Vibrio cholerae) was established primaril using contrived clinical specimens.

Negative BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

# Device Description:

The BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® Gastrointestinal Panel Mid is designed to simultaneously identify 11 gastrointestinal pathogens from stool specimens collected in Cary Blair transport medium. The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is compatible with BioFire's PCR-based in vitro diagnostic BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY $\mathfrak { e } _ { 2 . 0 }$ and BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® TORCH Systems for infectious disease testing. A panel-specific software module (i.e., BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid pouch module software) is used to perform BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid testing on these systems. Results from the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid test are available within about one hour.

A test is initiated by loading Hydration Solution into one port of the BIOFIRE pouch and a stool sample (in Cary Blair transport medium) mixed with the provided Sample Buffer into the other port of the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid pouch and placing it in a BIOFIRE System. The pouch contains all the reagents required for specimen testing and analysis in a freezedried format; the addition of Hydration Solution and Sample/Buffer Mix rehydrates the reagents. After the pouch is prepared, the BIOFIRE Software guides the user though the steps of placing the pouch into the instrument, scanning the pouch barcode, entering the sample identification, and initiating the run.

The BIOFIRE System contains a coordinated system of inflatable bladders and seal points, which act on the pouch to control the movement of liquid between the pouch blisters. When a bladder is inflated over a reagent blister, it forces liquid from the blister into connecting channels. Alternatively, when a seal is placed over a connecting channel it acts as a valve to open or close a channel. In addition, electronically-controlled pneumatic pistons are positioned over multiple plungers in order to deliver the rehydrated reagents into the blisters at the appropriate times. Two Peltier devices control heating and cooling of the pouch to drive the PCR reactions and the melt curve analysis.

Nucleic acid extraction occurs within the BIOFIRE pouch using mechanical and chemical lysis followed by purification using standard magnetic bead technology. After extracting and purifying nucleic acids from the unprocessed sample, the BIOFIRE system performs a nested multiplex PCR that is executed in two stages. During the first stage, the BIOFIRE System performs a single, large volume, highly multiplexed reverse transcription PCR (rt-PCR) reaction. The products from first stage PCR are then diluted and combined with a fresh, primer-free master mix and a fluorescent double stranded DNA binding dye (LC Green Plus®, BioFire Diagnostics). The solution is then distributed to each well of the array. Array wells contain sets of primers designed specifically to amplify sequences internal to the PCR products generated during the first stage PCR reaction. The 2nd stage PCR, or nested PCR, is performed in single plex fashion in each well of the array. At the end of the 2nd stage PCR, the array is interrogated by melt curve analysis for the detection of signature amplicons denoting the presence of specific targets. A digital camera placed in front of the 2nd stage PCR captures fluorescent images of the PCR reactions and software interprets the data.

The BIOFIRE Software automatically interprets the results of each DNA melt curve analysis and combines the data with th results of the internal pouch controls to provide a test result for each organism on the panel.

The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is intended for use by trained medical and laboratory professionals in a laboratory setting or under the supervision of a trained laboratory professional.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is substantially equivalent to the BIOFIRE GI Panel (K242367), which was cleare on November 7, 2024, and determined to be a Class II device.

A comparison of the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid to the BIOFIRE GI Panel is provided in Table 1, differences are shown in blue text.

Table 1. Similarities and differences between the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid and the BIOFIRE GI Panel   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Element</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel(K242367)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY®Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel is a qualitativemultiplexed nucleic acid-based in vitrodiagnostic test intended for use withBIOFIRE® FILMARRAY® SystemS. TheBIOFIRE GI Panel is capable of thesimultaneous detection and identification ofnucleic acids from multiple bacteria, viruses,and parasites directly from stool samples inCary Blair transport media obtained fromindividuals with signs and/or symptoms ofgastrointestinal infection. The followingbacteria (including several diarrheagenic E.coli/Shigella pathotypes), parasites, andviruses are identified using the BlOFIREFILMARRAY GI Panel Mid:· Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C.upsaliensis). Clostridium difficile (C. difficile) toxin A/BPlesiomonas shigelloides. Salmonella</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY®Gastrointestinal (Gl) Panel Mid is anautomated qualitative multiplexed nucleicacid-based in vitro diagnostic test intendedfor uSe with BIOFIRE® FILMARRAY®Systems. The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GIPanel Mid is capable of the simultaneousdetection and identification of nucleic acidsfrom multiple bacteria, viruses, andparasites directly from stool samples inCary Blair transport media obtained fromindividuals with signs and/or symptoms ofgastrointestinal infection. The followingbacteria, parasites, and viruses areidentified using the BIOFIRE FILMARRAYGI Panel Mid:·Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C.upsaliensis)Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile (toxinA/B)Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/V. cholerae)</td></tr><tr><td>Element</td><td>Predicate: BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel (K242367)</td><td>New Device: BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>• Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus/V. vulnificus/ V. cholerae), including specific identification of Vibrio cholerae Yersinia enterocolitica Enteroaggregative Escherichia coli (EAEC) Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) · Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) It/st . Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2 (including specific identification of the E. coli O157 serogroup within STEC) Shigella/ Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) Cryptosporidium Cyclospora cayetanensis • Entamoeba histolytica · Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis)</td><td>• Yersinia enterocolitica Shiga-like toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) stx1/stx2 . Shigella/ Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli (EIEC) . Cryptosporidium Cyclospora cayetanensis Giardia lamblia (also known as G. intestinalis and G. duodenalis) · Norovirus GI/GII The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>• Adenovirus F 40/41 Astrovirus Norovirus GI/GII Rotavirus A Sapovirus (Genogroups I, II, IV, and V)</td><td>GI Panel Mid. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease. Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.</td></tr></table>

The BIOFIRE GI Panel is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of specific agents of gastrointestinal illness and results are meant to be used in conjunction with other clinical, laboratory, and epidemiological data. Positive results do not rule out co-infection with organisms not included in the BIOFIRE GI Panel. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of the disease.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for Yersinia enterocolitica were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens.

Concomitant culture is necessary for organism recovery and further typing of bacterial agents.

Performance characteristics for Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and Vibrio cholerae) was established primarily using contrived clinical specimens.

This device is not intended to monitor or guide treatment for C. difficile infection.

Due to the small number of positive specimens collected for certain organisms during the prospective clinical study, performance characteristics for E. coli O157, Plesiomonas shigelloides, Yersinia enterocolitica, Astrovirus, and Rotavirus A were established primarily with retrospective clinical specimens.

Performance characteristics for Entamoeba histolytica, and Vibrio (V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and Vibrio cholerae) were

Negative BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid results in the setting of clinical illness compatible with gastroenteritis may be due to infection by pathogens that are not detected by this test or non-infectious causes such as ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn’s disease.

A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplex nucleic acid-based assay also aids in the detection and identification of acute gastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel(K242367)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>established primarily using contrived clinicalspecimens.Negative BIOFIRE GI Panel results in thesetting of clinical illness compatible withgastroenteritis may be due to infection bypathogens that are not detected by this testor non-infectious causes such as ulcerativecolitis, irritable bowel syndrome, or Crohn&#x27;sdisease.A gastrointestinal microorganism multiplexnucleic acid-based assay also aids in thedetection and identification of acutegastroenteritis in the context of outbreaks.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA/RNA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human stool sample collected in Cary Blairtransport media.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalPrinciples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested multiplex PCR followed by highresolution melting analysis to confirm theidentity of amplified product.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIOFIRE FILMARRAY 2.0 System orBIOFIRE FILMARRAY TORCH System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>About 1 hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated test interpretation and reportgeneration. User cannot access raw data.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample PreparationMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Processing is automated in theBIOFIRE System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents are stored at room temperature.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months from Date of Manufacture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two controls are included in each reagentpouch to control for sample processing andboth stages of PCR and melt analysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Complexity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moderate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid has an abbreviated panel menu compared to the original BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel, reporting only 11 of the original 22 analytes. The performance presented here was established during the original clinical and analytical evaluations for the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel.

The performance data for the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is summarized in the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid Instructions for Use. A summary of the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid performance data is also provided below.

# Clinical Performance

Table 2 provides a summary of the performance of each analyte from the Prospective Clinical Evaluation performed for th BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid.

Table 2. BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid Performance in the Prospective Clinical Evaluation (May through September 2013)   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid Analyte</td><td colspan="2">Sensitivity/PPAa</td><td colspan="2">Specificity/NPAa</td></tr><tr><td>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td>% 95% CI</td><td>TN(TN + FP)</td><td>% 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Bacteria</td></tr><tr><td>Campylobacter (C. jejuni/C. coli/C. upsaliensis)</td><td>34/35b 97.1</td><td>85.1-99.9%</td><td>1497/1521b 98.4</td><td>97.7-99.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Clostridioides (Clostridium) difficile toxin A/Ba</td><td>163/165c 98.8</td><td>95.7-99.9%</td><td>1350/1391c 97.1</td><td>96.0-97.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Salmonella</td><td>31/31 100</td><td>88.8-100%</td><td>1519/1525d 99.6</td><td>99.1-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Shiga-like toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) stx1/stx2</td><td>33/33 100</td><td>89.4-100%</td><td>1518/1523 99.7</td><td>99.2-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Shigella/Enteroinvasive E. coli (EIEC)</td><td>47/49 95.9</td><td>86.0-99.5%</td><td>1505/1507 99.9</td><td>99.5-100%</td></tr><tr><td>V(V. parahaemolyticus/V.vulnificus/V.cholerae</td><td>0/0 -</td><td>-</td><td>1554/1556f 99.9</td><td>99.5-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Yersinia enterocolitica</td><td>1/1 100</td><td>-</td><td>1555/1555 100</td><td>99.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Parasites</td></tr><tr><td>Cryptosporidium</td><td>18/18 100</td><td>81.5-100%</td><td>1532/15389</td><td>99.6 99.2-99.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Cyclospora cayetanensis</td><td>19/19 100</td><td>82.4-100%</td><td>1537/1537</td><td>100 99.8-100%</td></tr><tr><td>Giardia lamblia</td><td>20/20 100</td><td>83.2-100%</td><td>1529/1536h</td><td>99.5 99.1-99.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Viruses</td></tr><tr><td>Norovirus GI/GII</td><td>52/559</td><td>94.5 84.9-98.9%</td><td>1483/1501</td><td>98.8 98.1-99.3%</td></tr></table>

a C. difficile performance is reported as positive percent agreement/negative percent agreement in contrast to the table headings. The performance measures of sensitivity and specificity only refer to those analytes for which the gold-standard bacterial culture was used as the reference method; Campylobacter, Salmonella, Vibrio, and Yersinia enterocolitica. Performance measures of positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) refer to all other analytes, for which PCR/sequencing assays were used as comparator methods.

b Campylobacter jejuni subsp. doylei was identified in the single false negative specimen using bi-directional sequence analysis. Campylobacter was detected in 19/24 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

difficile was detected in $_ { 1 / 2 }$ false negative specimens and 41/41 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

e STEC was detected in 5/5 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

Vibrio was detected in 2/2 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis.

g Cryptosporidium was detected in ${ } _ { 6 / 6 }$ false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence an

G. lamblia was detected in 4/7 false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis. Two false positive results appear to be caused by cross-reactivity with Bifidobacterium longum and Ruminococcus callidus.

i The BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid detected Norovirus in $\boldsymbol { \mathscr { 1 } / 3 }$ false negative specimens when retested. Norovirus was detected in $_ { 1 / 2 }$ remaining false negative specimens and $8 / 1 8$ false positive specimens using bi-directional sequence analysis. Refer to Table 3 below for additional Norovirus GI/GII performance results.

able 3. BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid Norovirus GI/GII Performance in the Prospective Clinical Evaluation (April through July 2023   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>BIOFIRE FILMARRAYGI Panel Mid Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive Percent Agreement (PPA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Negative Percent Agreement (NPA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP/(TP + FN)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN/(TN + FP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norovirus GI/GII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/35a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.1-99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>808/837a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1-97.7%</td></tr></table>

Norovirus was detected in the single FN specimen using bi-directional sequencing analysis. Norovirus was detected in $_ { 3 / 2 9 }$ false positive specimens using bi-directional sequencing analysis. Twenty (20) of the remaining false positive results appear to have been caused by cross-reactivity; refer to the Error! Reference source not found. section in the Instructions for Use for the cross-reactive organisms.

# Analytical Performance Characteristics

Bench performance (analytical) testing for the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid was designed to validate the performance of all analytes. Table 4 provides an overall summary of the analytical studies, their results, and conclusions.

Table 4. Summary of Bench Performance (Analytical) Testing for the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purpose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results &amp; Conclusions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of the LoD studieswas to determine the limit ofdetection (LoD; lowestconcentration of analyte that canbe detected in at least 95% ofreplicates tested) for each of the</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Confirmed LoD concentrations forbacteria range from 1.0E+02 CFU/mLup to 8.0E+04 cells/mL and forparasites range from 5.0E+01 to5.0E+03 units/mL. For NorovirusGI/GII, the confirmed LoD</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid. LoD was initially estimated and confirmed on the first generation BIOFIRE FILMARRAY system, with subsequent studies to verify that ≥95% detection could be achieved at the same LoD concentration on the next generation BIOFIRE 2.0 and BIOFIRE TORCH systems. specimens (including co-infections or polymicrobial specimens).</td><td>copies/mL. LoD testing demonstrated that detection at the LoD concentration is equivalent between the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY (no longer in production), BIOFIRE 2.0, and BIOFIRE TORCH systems. The clinical data demonstrates that the analytically determined detection limit of the BIÓFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid assays is appropriate for the levels of pathogens in clinical</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Reactivity (Inclusivity)</td><td>The purpose of this study was to evaluate and define the analytical reactivity of BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid. The study describes the diversity of panel analytes that are efficiently amplified and accurately detected, and also identifies known limitations on assay reactivity with specific subspecies, types, or variant sequences.</td><td>The reactivity of each of the panel assays was found to be consistent with the intent of the design and the assays will accurately identify the expected diversity of the analytes, with limitations noted in the Instructions for Use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Reproducibility</td><td>Studies were performed to evaluate the within-lab (intermediate precision/repeatability) and between-lab (reproducibility) precision of analyte detection by the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid on the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY (no longer in production), BIOFIRE 2.0 and/or BIOFIRE TORCH systems. Each study evaluated multiple within-lab and between-lab operational 1× LoD on the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY variables including day, site, and TORCH Systems respectively; operator, instrument/system, and</td><td>For negative samples, the expected Not Detected (or N/A) results were reported for &gt;95% of replicates tested on each system. For positive samples, detection agreement between runs was &gt;95% at the 1× and/or 3xLoD concentrations for each analyte evaluated, with the exception of Giardia lamblia (84.3% and 91.7% at</td></tr><tr><td>reagent lot. Precision for a qualitative test without an underlying numerical value is measured as percent (%) agreement between runs or % agreement with the expected result (Detected, Not Detected or N/A). The run-to-run precision was</td><td>not tested on BIOFIRE 2.0). Subsequent investigation determined that the lower % agreement for G. lamblia was an artifact of instability of the analyte stock (experimental error) rather than imprecision of the test. Testing of G. lamblia was later repeated on the BIOFIRE</td></tr><tr><td>evaluated for negative samples as well as positive samples. The product design inputs require a minimum run-to-run agreement of 85%, with a desired run-to-run agreement of 95%.</td><td>FILMARRAY, BIOFIRE 2.0 and BIOFIRE TORCH Systems with samples prepared from a stable culture stock and run-to-run agreement for G. lamblia was 100% at the 1x LoD concentration.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The combination of studies demonstrate that the precision of analyte detection by the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is high; repeatable within-day and within-lab and reproducible within and between labs on BIOFIRE FILMARRAY, BIOFIRE 2.0, and BIOFIRE TORCH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purpose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results &amp; Conclusions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">systems. High reproducibility isachieved when samples are tested onmultiple reagent lots by differentoperators, on differentinstruments/modules, at differentsites, and on different days.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exclusivity/Cross-Reactivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of the study was toidentify on-panel or off-panelorganisms that might lead toinaccurate test results due to non-specific amplification or cross-reactivity with assay primers.On-panel organisms were tested toassess the potential for intra-panelcross-reactivity while off-panelorganisms (those not intended tobe detected by the panel) weretested to assess the potential fornon-specific amplification of normalflora or other pathogens that maybe present in stool samples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing and sequence analysisidentified a subset of BIOFIREFILMARRAY GI Panel Mid assaysthat may non-specifically interact withand amplify homologous sequencesin a few closely related or near-neighbor species as well as with afew unrelated organisms that mightbe found in stool samples.In most cases, the non-specificinteraction is inefficient and very highlevels of the cross-reacting organismmust be present in the sample toobtain a false positive result.The product literature describes allknown or predicted cross-reactivities.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The purpose of this study was toevaluate the potential forsubstances that may be present ina sample to interfere with thefunction of the pouch and/or theaccuracy of test results.Testing also evaluated the potentialfor competitive inhibition ormicrobial interference on analytedetection near LoD.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing established that the BIOFIREFILMARRAY GI Panel Mid is a highlyrobust multi-pathogen detectiondevice that is resistant to interferencefrom a variety of substances thatcould be present in stool samples,including blood and other biologicalsubstances, oral and topicaltreatments, and high levels ofpotentially competingmicroorganisms.Warnings and recommendationsagainst the testing of stool preparedin off-label fixative-containing media isindicated in the Instructions for Use(fixative can negatively impact analytedetection) as well as risks associatedwith damage to nucleic acids that canbe caused by bleach.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The fundamental scientific technology, performance, and risk of the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid remain unchanged from the legally marketed BIOFIRE GI Panel. There is no change to the product itself, except for modified software that has been verified and validated to show no change in safety and effectiveness. Therefore, the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY GI Panel Mid performs as well as the predicate device.