Biokit, S.A.   
Janna Puig   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Av. Can Montcau 7   
Lliçà d’Amunt, Barcelona, 08186 Spain

Re: K243575 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG, ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Calibrator, ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.3305 Regulation Name: Herpes Simplex Virus Serological Assays Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MYF Dated: November 19, 2024 Received: November 19, 2024

Dear Janna Puig:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, JORGE L. Digitally signed by JORGE L. MUNOZ -S MUNOZ -S Date: 2025.02.1215:35:57 -04'00'

Jorge Munoz, Ph.D.   
Deputy Branch Chief   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the qualitative detection of specific IgG antibodies to herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2) in human serum (collected in serum and serum separator tubes) and plasma (collected in dipotassium EDTA, lithium heparin, and lithium heparin plasma separator tubes) on the ARCHITECT i System.

The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay is to be used for testing sexually active adults or expectant mothers to aid in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV-2 infection. The test results may not determine the state of active lesions or associated disease manifestations, particularly for primary infection. The predictive value of a reactive or nonreactive result depends on the prevalence of HSV-2 infection in the population and the pre-test likelihood of HSV-2 infection.

NOTE: The performance of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay has not been established for use in the pediatric population, for neonatal screening, or for testing immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients. The assay has not been FDA cleared or approved for screening blood or plasma donors.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# werfen

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td></td><td>Biokit, S.A.</td></tr><tr><td>1. Submitter&#x27;s</td><td>Av. Can Montcau, 7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Information</td><td>Lliçà d&#x27;Amunt 08186</td></tr><tr><td>Barcelona (Spain)</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>2. Contact Person</td><td>Janna Puig, Regulatory Affairs Manager Phone: +34 93 860 90 00 Email: jpuig@werfen.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>3. Preparation Date</td><td>2025-02-12</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>4. Device Trade Name</td><td>ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>5. RegulatoryInformation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.3305</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Herpes simplex virusserological assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II SpecialControls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MYF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microbiology</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>6Predicate Device</td><td>K000238 (HSV-1 &amp; HSV-2 Differentiation Immunoblot IgG)</td></tr></table>

# werfen

<table><tr><td>7. Indications for Use / Intended Use</td><td>The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG aSSay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) used for the qualitative detection of specific IgG antibodies to herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2) in human serum (collected in serum and serum separator tubes) and plasma (collected in dipotassium EDTA, lithium heparin, and lithium heparin plasma separator tubes) on the ARCHITECT i System. The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay is to be used for testing sexually active adults or expectant mothers to aid in the presumptive diagnosis of HSV-2 infection. The test results may not determine the state of active lesions or associated disease manifestations, particularly for primary infection. The predictive value of a reactive or nonreactive result depends on the prevalence of HSV-2 infection in the population and the pre-test likelihood of HSv-2 infection. NOTE: The performance of the ARCHITECT HSV- 2 IgG assay has not been established for use in the pediatric population, for neonatal screening, or for testing immunocompromised or immunosuppressed patients. The assay has not been FDA cleared or approved for screening blood or plasma donors.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>in 8. Device Description</td><td>The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG aSSay is an automated, two-step immunoassay for the qualitative detection of IgG antibodies to HSV-2 human serum and plasma using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology. The kit contains different components: Reagent (microparticles, conjugate and assay diluent), Calibrator, and external Controls (reactive and nonreactive).</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">COMPARISON PREDICATE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1 &amp; HSV-2Differentiation ImmunoblotIgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG,ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGCalibrator, ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510K no.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K000238</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K243575</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRL DiagnosticsCypress, CA 90630 -USA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abbott Ireland DiagnosticsDivisionFinisklin Business Park,Sligo, Ireland</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MRL Diagnostics' HSV-1 &amp;HSV-2 DifferentiationImmunoblot IgG test isintended for qualitativelydetecting the presence orabsence of human IgG classantibodies to HSV-1 andHSV-2 in human sera.The test is indicated fortesting sexually activeadults or expectant mothersfor aiding in thepresumptive diagnosis ofHSV-1 and HSV-2 infection.The predictive value of apositive or negative resultdepends on the population'sprevalence and pretestlikelihood of HSV-1 andHSV-2 infection. Theperformance of this assayhas not been established foruse in a pediatricpopulation, for neonatalscreening, for testing ofimmunocompromisedpatients, for use by a point</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGassay is a chemiluminescentmicroparticle immunoassay(CMIA) used for thequalitative detection ofspecific IgG antibodies toherpes simplex virus type 2(HSV- 2) in human serum(collected in serum andserum separator tubes) andplasma (collected indipotassium EDTA, lithiumheparin, and lithium heparinplasma separator tubes) onthe ARCHITECT i System.The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGassay is to be used fortesting sexually active adultsor expectant mothers to aidin the presumptive diagnosisof HSV-2 infection. The testresults may not determinethe state of active lesions orassociated diseasemanifestations, particularlyfor primary infection. Thepredictive value of a reactiveor nonreactive result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">of care facility or for usewith automated equipment.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">depends on the prevalenceof HSV-2 infection in thepopulation and the pre-testlikelihood of HSV-2 infection.NOTE: The performance ofthe ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGassay has not beenestablished for use in thepediatric population, forneonatal screening, or fortesting immunocompromisedor immunosuppressedpatients. The assay has notbeen FDA cleared orapproved for screeningblood or plasma donors.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgG class antibodiesto HSV-1 and HSV-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgG antibodies toHSV-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationSection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.3305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II Special Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LGC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MYF</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrocellulose immunoblot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescentimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum (collected inserum and serum separatortubes) and plasma (collectedin dipotassium EDTA, lithiumheparin, and lithium heparinplasma separator tubes)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ResultInterpretation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visually evaluate multiplebands</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cutoff is 1.00 S/CO.&lt;1.00 S/CO =Nonreactive≥1.00 S/CO = Reactive</td></tr></table>

# 9. Performance Summary

# werfen

Interpretation of results

The cutoff is 1.00 S/CO. The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG test result should be used in conjunction with information available from clinical evaluation and other diagnostic procedures.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Collection Types

Sixty-one (61) sets of unique serum samples paired with samples collected in serum separator tube (SST), dipotassium EDTA plasma, lithium-heparin plasma and lithium heparin plasma separator tube (PST) were evaluated with the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay on the ARCHITECT i2000SR instrument to support equivalent performance using each of these specimen types. The samples were analyzed by linear regression using serum as comparator matrix as shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tube (y) vs. Serum(x)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum separator tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.03x - 0.0350S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50-54.76S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma,dipotassiumEDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.02x + 0.0079S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56-54.02S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma,, lithium heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.03x - 0.0029S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55-54.77S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma, lithium heparinseparator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x + 0.0343S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56-54.55S/CO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr></table>

aNumber of samples tested bCorrelation coefficient

The following tube types are acceptable for use with the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay:

• Serum Serum separator   
• Plasma (dipotassium EDTA, lithium heparin, lithium heparin separator).

# Precision

# a. Within-Laboratory Precision (20-Day)

A within-laboratory precision study was performed using 3 lots of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG reagents, 3 lots of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Calibrator, 1 lot of the

# werfen

ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Controls, and 1 ARCHITECT i2000SR instrument. The 20- Day within laboratory precision data is shown in the following table.

Table 1. 20-Day Within-Laboratory Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lota</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratoryb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(S/Co)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.286</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Panel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Panel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Panel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr></table>

N/A $=$ Not applicable a Calibrator and reagent lots are confounded. b Includes within-run, between-run, between-day, and between-lot variability. c Serum Panel 3 was tested for one additional day.

# b. Within-Laboratory Precision (12-Day)

An additional within-laboratory precision study was conducted using samples with higher analyte levels, using 2 lots of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG reagents, 1 lot of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Calibrator, and 1 ARCHITECT i2000SR instrument.

Table 2. 12-Day Within-Laboratory Precision   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Laboratorya</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(S/Co)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Panel 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.274</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.372</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Panel 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.099</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.680</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Panel 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.354</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Panel 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.578</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.745</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0</td></tr></table>

aIncludes within-run, between-run, between-day, and between-lot variability.

# Reproducibility

A reproducibility study was conducted at 3 testing sites using one lot of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG reagents, 1 lot of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Calibrator, 1 lot of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG controls, and 1 ARCHITECT i2000SR instrument, over 5 days.

Table 3. Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>RepeatabilitY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site/Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibilitya</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(S/CO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPanel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPanel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPanel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlasmaPanel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlasmaPanel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlasmaPanel3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr></table>

# werfen

a Includes repeatability (within-run), between-run, between-day, and between-instrument/site variability.

# Analytical Specificity

# Interference

Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances and Potentially Interfering Drugs

The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay was evaluated for potential interference of endogenous and exogenous (drugs) substances using HSV-2 IgG nonreactive and low reactive samples.

Less than $10 \%$ absolute difference for reactive HSV-2 IgG samples and less than $0 . 1 0 { \sf S } / { \sf C } 0$ absolute difference for nonreactive HSV-2 IgG samples were observed at the following concentrations of potentially interfering substances.

Table 4. Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potentially InterferingEndogenous Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Potential Interferent Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Default Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate Units</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.94 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3 mmol/L</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Potentially Interfering Drugs   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Potential Interferent Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentially Interfering Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Default Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate Units</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1030 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acyclovir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4250 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

# werfen

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Potential Interferent Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium dobesilate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>660 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 500 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.180 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Famvir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.778 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1060 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.750 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>719 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-AcetyIcysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>920 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1040 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330 units/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valacyclovir</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.314 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

# Potential Cross-reactivity

The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay was evaluated for potential cross-reactivity using specimens from individuals containing antibodies to other microorganisms or with medical conditions unrelated to HSV-2 infection. When testing with the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay:

Out of 8 specimens with Anti-dsDNA autoantibodies, 1 resulted in false reactive result.   
Out of 12 specimens with elevated IgG, 1 resulted in false reactive result. Out of 10 Gardnerella vaginalis specimens, 1 resulted in false reactive result.   
Out of 13 Human herpesvirus-6 IgG specimens, 1 resulted in false reactive result.   
Out of 10 Human herpesvirus-8 IgG specimens, 2 resulted in false   
reactive result.

# werfen

Out of 13 Parvovirus B19 IgG, 2 resulted in false reactive results.   
Out of 10 RF specimens, 1 resulted in false reactive result.   
Out of 10 Toxoplasma gondii specimens, 1 resulted in false reactive result.

The data are summarized in the following table.

Table 6. Potential Cross-Reactivity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">n</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGFalse Positive Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGFalse Positive Rate(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-dsDNA autoantibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antinuclear antibody (ANA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cytomegalovirus (CMV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elevated IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elevated IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gardnerella vaginalis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HAMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis A virus(HAV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis B virus(HBV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hepatitis C virus(HCV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HSV-1 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpesvirus-6 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.69</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human herpesvirus-8 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human immunodeficiency virus(HIV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human papillomavirus (HPV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonalhyperimmunoglobulinemia</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiparous females (≥ 2 full-term pregnancies)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mycoplasma pneumoniae</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">n</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">False Positive Rate(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reactive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nonreactive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neisseria gonorrhea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parvovirus B19 IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.38</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pregnant females (all trimesters)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rubella virus IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxoplasma gondii</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Treponema pallidum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Varicella-zoster virus (VZV) IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

# CDC Panel Agreement

The CDC Performance Panel was obtained from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and tested using the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay. The CDC panel consisted of 2 aliquots each of 50 serum samples with unknown HSV2 status for a total of 100 blind characterized samples. The results were submitted to the CDC for data evaluation and do not imply endorsement of the assay by the CDC.

The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay demonstrated $100 \%$ Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) for reactive samples (30/30) and $9 7 . 1 4 \%$ Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) for nonreactive samples (68/70) when evaluating the CDC performance panel.

# Cut-off

A study to establish the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay cutoff was performed using 505 serum samples (271 reactive, 228 nonreactive, and 6 equivocal for HSV-2 IgG antibodies).

A Receiver-Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was performed. The optimal cut-off of 1.00 S/CO was selected and validated in the method comparison study.

# werfen

# Carry-Over

The ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay is not susceptible to within-assay sample carryover.

# Expected Values

Representative performance data are provided in this section. Results obtained in individual laboratories may vary considering HSV prevalence. The prevalence may vary depending upon geographical location, age, sex, type of test employed, specimen collection and handling procedures as well as clinical history of the patient.

It is recommended that each laboratory determine its own reference range based upon its particular local and population characteristics.

Clinical performance of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay was evaluated with 915 samples collected prospectively from individuals from the intended use population. Of the 915 individuals, there were 670 $( 7 3 \% )$ females and 245 $( 2 7 \% )$ males. The median age was 35 years (age range: 14 to 99 years). Testing of the specimens was performed at 3 clinical testing sites.

Table 7. Distribution of HSV-2 IgG reactive and nonreactive results by age and sex.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AgeRange(Years)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sex</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgGResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofReactive(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofNonreactive(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>14 to 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 (31%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 (69%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (17%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 (83%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>21 to 30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 (20%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193 (80%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11(22%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 (78%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>31 to 40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66(36%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115(64%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10(25%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30(75%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>41 to 50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39(54%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33(46%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12(33%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24(67%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>51 to 60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24(52%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22(48%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16(37%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27(63%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>61 to 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23(70%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10(30%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16(50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16(50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>71 to 99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25(49%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26(51%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (26%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 (74%)</td></tr></table>

Traditional 510(k): ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG

# werfen

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240 (36%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>430 (64%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76 (31%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169(69%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>915</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316 (35%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>599 (65%)</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Agreement Study

A multi-center clinical study was conducted to evaluate the clinical performance of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay. Positive Percent Agreement (PPA) and Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) were determined by comparing the performance of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay to a composite comparator method of 3 commercially available anti-HSV-2 IgG assays where a 2 out of 3 approach was followed to determine the final composite comparator method result.

A total of 915 specimens, which included sexually active individuals and pregnant females, were collected prospectively within the United States and tested at 3 independent external laboratories. The PPA and NPA results are summarized in the following tables.

Table 8. Clinical Performance of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Assay in the Sexually Active Population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ARCHITECTHSV-2 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>387</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA= 96.54%(223/231);95% CI= 93.32%to 98.24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA=96.90%(375/387);95% CI= 94.66%to 98.22%</td></tr></table>

Table 9. Clinical Performance of the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG Assay in the Pregnant Population.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Composite Comparator Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ARCHITECTHSV-2 IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonreactive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA= 95.12%(78/82);95% CI= 88.12%to 98.09%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA= 98.60%(212/215);95% CI= 95.98%to 99.52%</td></tr></table>

# werfen

# 10. Stability

The data support the following storage conditions for the ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG assay:

Table 10. ARCHITECT HSV-2 IgG storage conditions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claims</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On-Board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Unopened Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10monthsat 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent In-Use/Opened</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10monthsat 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator UnopenedShelf-Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12monthsat2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator In-Use/Opened</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12monthsat2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls Unopened Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12monthsat2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls In-Use/Opened</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 monthsat 2-8°C</td></tr></table>

# 11. Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.