# October 25, 2024

Cepheid   
Bansari Doshi   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, California 94089

Re: K243070 Trade/Device Name: Xpert SA Nasal Complete Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1640 Regulation Name: Antimicrobial Susceptibility Test Powder Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQX, OOI Dated: September 27, 2024 Received: September 27, 2024

Dear Bansari Doshi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled “Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device” (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and “Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device” (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 )$ , which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 . 3 0$ , Design controls; 21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 . 9 0$ , Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 . 1 0 0 $ , Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 . 3 0$ and 21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 . 7 0 )$ and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0 . 1 8 1 \ r ,$ ).

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 _ { , }$ ); labeling (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 1$ and $\ S 8 0 9 )$ ; medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 3 )$ ) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR $\ S 8 2 0$ ) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531–542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000–1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule (“UDI Rule”). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 1 . 2 0$ (a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 1 . 2 0 ( \mathrm { b } ) $ ) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 1 . 1 8$ . The UDI Rule (21 CFR $\ S 8 3 0 . 3 0 0$ (a) and $\ S 8 3 0 . 3 2 0 ( \mathrm { b } ) )$ also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR $\ S 8 3 0$ Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 7 )$ . For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR $\ S 8 0 3 )$ , please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdrhow-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ribhi Shawar -S

Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)   
Branch Chief   
General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility Branch   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure:

510(k) Number (if known) K243070

Device Name Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SA Nasal Complete

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SA Nasal Complete test performed on the GeneXpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Instrument Systems is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic tedeseitur A)anmetilitan Stayu R) palzaThel- oea (PCR) to detect MRSA/SA DNA. The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SA Nasal Complete test is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA/SA infections in healthcare settings. The Xpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SA Nasal Complete test is not intended to diagnose, guide or mR il preclude MRSA/SA nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary torecover organisms fr epidemiological typing or for further susceptibility testing.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and aintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary for Xpert SA Nasal Complete

# TABLE OF CONTENTS

1 510(K) SUMMARY..

1.1 DEVICE DESCRIPTION .....

1.2 DEVICE INTENDED USE ..

1.3 TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS....

1.4 SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE..

1.5 SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA ...

1.6 CONCLUSION.. .8

# 1 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92.

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 541-4191

Contact: Bansari Doshi, M.S.

Date of Preparation: September 27, 2024

Device:

Trade name Xpert® SA Nasal Complete

Common name

Xpert SA Nasal Complete

Type of Test

Nucleic Acid Amplification Test, DNA, Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), qualitative

Regulation number: 21 CFR 866.1640

Classification name: Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder

Product code: NQX (primary), OOI

Classification Advisory Panel

Prescription Use Yes

Predicate Device Assay:

Xpert SA Nasal Complete (K100822)

# 1.1 Device Description

The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test is an automated in vitro diagnostic DNA test for the qualitative, simultaneous detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) directly from nasal swabs. The specimen is collected on a double swab, one of which is placed in a tube containing elution reagent. Following brief vortexing, the eluted material is transferred to different, uniquely-labeled chamber of the disposable fluidic cartridge (the Xpert SA Nasal Complete cartridge). The user initiates a test from the user interface of the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems and places the cartridge with sample into the GeneXpert® Instrument System platform, which performs hands-off real-time, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of S. aureus (including MRSA) DNA.

In the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems (comprised of the GeneXpert® Dx Systems, GeneXpert® System with Touchscreen, and GeneXpert® Infinity Systems), sample preparation, amplification, and real-time detection are all fully-automated and completely integrated. The platform requires the use of single-use disposable cartridges that hold the PCR reagents and host the PCR process. Because the cartridges are self-contained, cross-contamination between samples is minimized.

Depending on the specific instrument, the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems may contain 1–80 modules, each of which are randomly accessible and capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids (i.e., the syringe drive activates the plunger that works in concert with the rotary valve in the cartridge to move fluids between chambers), an ultrasonic horn for lysing cells or spores, and a proprietary I-CORE thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and detection.

The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test kit includes reagents for the simultaneous detection of SA and MRSA targets. The primers and probes provided in the Xpert SA Nasal Complete test kit detects nucleic acid sequences of the staphylococcal protein A (spa), the gene for methicillin/oxacillin resistance (mecA), and staphylococcal cassette chromosome (SCCmec) inserted in the SA chromosomal attB site.

The Xpert SA Nasal Complete cartridge includes a sample processing control (SPC) to control for adequate processing of the target bacteria and to monitor the presence of inhibitor(s) in the PCR assay. The Probe Check Control (PCC) verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability.

The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems provides results in approximately 65 minutes.

Each instrument in the GeneXpert® Instrument family is equipped with a Windows OS-based personal computer that is preloaded with software applications for running the tests and viewing the results, as described in Table 1.

Table 1. Instrument Systems and Software in the GeneXpert® Instrument Family Member   

<table><tr><td>Instrument Family Members</td><td>Instrument Systems</td><td>Systems Software</td><td>Instruments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">GeneXpert® Instrument Systems</td><td rowspan="2">GeneXpert® Dx Systems</td><td rowspan="5">GeneXpert Dx</td><td>GX-I† •</td></tr><tr><td>• GX-II</td></tr><tr><td>• GX-II</td></tr><tr><td>• GX-IV</td></tr><tr><td>• GX-XVI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Systems</td><td>GeneXpert® System with Touchscreen</td><td>Cepheid OS •</td><td>GX-II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">GeneXpert® Infinity</td><td rowspan="3">GeneXpert</td><td>• GX-IV</td></tr><tr><td>• GX-XVI</td></tr><tr><td>• GeneXpert Infinity-48s • GeneXpert Infinity-80</td></tr></table>

† No longer manufactured but is in circulation in the market

# 1.2 Device Intended Use

The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test performed on the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test designed for detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) from nasal swabs in patients at risk for nasal colonization. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to detect MRSA/SA DNA. The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test is intended to aid in the prevention and control of MRSA/SA infections in healthcare settings. The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test is not intended to diagnose, guide or monitor treatment for MRSA/SA infections, or provide results of susceptibility to methicillin. A negative result does not preclude MRSA/SA nasal colonization. Concomitant cultures are necessary to recover organisms for epidemiological typing or for further susceptibility testing.

# 1.3 Technical Characteristics

The Xpert SA Nasal Complete test has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device.

# 1.4 Substantial Equivalence

The purpose of this Special $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ submission is to modify the cleared, legally marketed device (Xpert SA Nasal Complete) to include the GeneXpert® Infinity Systems instruments (see Table 1 above). The Xpert SA Nasal Complete was originally cleared for use on the GeneXpert® Dx System (K100822). Both the GeneXpert Dx System and GeneXpert Infinity Systems are members of the instrument family “GeneXpert® Instrument Systems” which is now incorporated in the Intended Use/Indications for Use of this device. Table 2 shows the similarities and Table 3 shows the differences between the Xpert SA Nasal Complete test and predicate device. The differences between Xpert SA Nasal Complete test and predicate device do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

Table 2. Similarities between Xpert SA Nasal Complete and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (K100822)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® SA Nasal Complete</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert® SA Nasal Complete</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.1640Antimicrobial susceptibility test powder</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NQXSystem, Nucleic Acid Amplification Test, DNA,Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus, DirectSpecimen0OIReal Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purpose of Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identification of MRSA and SA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nasal swab</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleic Acid (DNA) Amplification (real time PCR) forqualitative detection of Staphylococcus aureus (SA) andMethicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) with specificprimers and TaqMan probesDetection: Fluorogenic target-specific hybridization</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Automation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully-automated DNA extraction, detection, and resultsinterpretation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-use in disposable, multi-chambered, fluidiccartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test targets(sequence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Staphylococcal protein A (spa)Methicillin/oxacillin resistance (mecA)Staphylococcal chromosomal cassette (SCCmec)insertion event into S. aureus chromosomal attB site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Sample Processing Control (SPC)•  Probe Check Control (PCC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Useenvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional Use, by trained users</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Access</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Use only</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Differences between Xpert SA Nasal Complete and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K100822)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® SA Nasal Complete</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Xpert® SA Nasal Complete</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 65 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 50 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Xpert SA Nasal Complete testperformed on the GeneXpert®Instrument Systems is a qualitative invitro diagnostic test designed for detectionof Staphylococcus aureus (SA) andmethicillin-resistant Staphylococcus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid® Xpert SA Nasal Completeassay performed in the GeneXpert® DxSystem is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic testdesigned for rapid detection ofStaphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) from</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aureus (MRSA) from nasal swabs inpatients at risk for nasal colonization. Thetest utilizes automated real-timepolymerase chain reaction (PCR) to detectMRSA/SA DNA. The Xpert SA NasalComplete test is intended to aid in theprevention and control of MRSA/SAinfections in healthcare settings. The XpertSA Nasal Complete test is not intended todiagnose, guide or monitor treatment forMRSA/SA infections, or provide results ofsusceptibility to methicillin. A negativeresult does not preclude MRSA/SA nasalcolonization. Concomitant cultures arenecessary to recover organisms forepidemiological typing or for furthersusceptibility testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nasal swabs in patients at risk for nasalcolonization. The test utilizes automated real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) todetect MRSA/SA DNA. The Xpert SA NasalComplete assay is intended to aid in theprevention and control of MRSA/SAinfections in healthcare settings. The XpertSA Nasal Complete assay is not intended todiagnose, guide or monitor treatment forMRSA/SA infections, or provide results ofsusceptibility to methicillin. A negative resultdoes not preclude MRSA/SA nasalcolonization. Concomitant cultures arenecessary to recover organisms forepidemiological typing or for furthersusceptibility testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentSystems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneXpert Dx SystemsGeneXpert System with TouchscreenGeneXpert Infinity-48s and Infinity-80 Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneXpert Dx SystemsGeneXpert System with Touchscreen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemsSoftware forinstrumentfamily</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneXpert Dx softwareCepheid OS softwareXpertise software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GeneXpert Dx softwareCepheid OS software</td></tr></table>

# 1.5 Summary of Performance Data

The performance of the Xpert SA Nasal Complete test when used with the GeneXpert Infinity Systems instruments was assessed through verification studies, including a prepared cartridge hold time study and functional testing.

Hold time refers to the duration between the preparation of the cartridge (i.e., addition of sample) and the initiation of the test. The maximum acceptable hold time for a prepared cartridge was verified as 4 hours.

Functional testing was conducted using both contrived positive (MRSA added to negative matrix) and negative (negative matrix only) samples. Each target of the Xpert SA Nasal Complete test was analyzed, resulting in a reportable outcome. The study results showed $100 \%$ agreement of reportable results, with no statistically significant differences in Ct values observed between assay runs in instruments of the GeneXpert Dx Systems and GeneXpert Infinity Systems. This study demonstrated equivalent performance of the Xpert SA Nasal Complete test when performed on any member of the GeneXpert® Instrument Systems family.

The assessment of the results from these studies determined that the performance claims of the Xpert SA Nasal Complete test were not impacted by the modifications made to the predicate device.

# 1.6 Conclusion

The results of the verification studies demonstrated that the performance of the modified Xpert SA Nasal Complete test on the GeneXpert Infinity Systems is equivalent to the performance of the predicate device, the original Xpert SA Nasal Complete (K100822) and that the modifications proposed in K243070 have not changed the fundamental scientific technology of the predicate device.