# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K103358

# Submitter Information

Address:

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

Contact person:

Diana L. Dickson dicksond@fdi.com

Summary preparation date: August 31, 2011

# Name of Device

Trade/Proprietary Name: ROMATM (HE4 EIA $^ +$ ARCHITECT CA 125 IITM)

Common/Usual Name:

ROMA (Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm) using HE4 EIA and ARCHITECT CA 125 II

Regulation Number:

21 CFR 866.6050

Regulatory Class:

Class II

Product Code:

ONX

Predicate Device

OVA1™ Test (K081754)

# Intended Use

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

The Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm (ROMA™) is a qualitative serum test that combines the results of HE4 EIA, ARCHITECT CA 125 IT and menopausal status into a numerical score.

ROMA is intended to aid in assessing whether a premenopausal or postmenopausal woman who presents with an ovarian adnexal mass is at high or low likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery. ROMA is indicated for women who meet the following criteria: over age 18; ovarian adnexal mass present for which surgery is planned, and not yet referred to an oncologist. ROMA must be interpreted in conjunction with an independent clinical and radiological assessment. The test is not intended as a screening or stand-alone diagnostic assay.

PRECAUTION: ROMA (HE4 EIA $^ +$ ARCHITECT CA 125 II) should not be used without an independent clinical /radiological evaluation and is not intended to be a screening test or to determine whether a patient should proceed to surgery.  Incorrect use of ROMA (HE4 EIA $^ +$ E ARCHITECT CA 125 II) carries the risk of unnecessary testing, surgery, and/or delayed diagnosis.

# Device Description

The Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm (ROMA™) is a qualitative serum test in the form of a mathematical function combining the results of HE4 EIA, ARCHITECT CA 125 ${ | \ l | } ^ { \ m _ { \operatorname { m } } }$ and menopausal status into a numerical score.   
ROMA was developed in a training set using separate logistic regression equations for premenopausal and postmenopausal women:   
Premenopausal woman: Predictive Index $( \mathsf { P } | ) = - 1 2 . 0 + 2 . 3 8 ^ { * } \mathsf { L N } [ \mathsf { H E 4 } ] + 0 . 0 6 2 6 ^ { * } \mathsf { L N } \{ \mathsf { C A } \ 1 2 5 \}$ E Postmenopausal woman: Predictive Index $( \mathsf { P } | ) = - 8 . 0 9 + 1 . 0 4 ^ { \star } \mathsf { L N } [ \mathsf { H E 4 } ] + 0 . 7 3 2 ^ { \star } \mathsf { L N } ( \mathsf { C A } \ 1 2 5 ]$ ${ \mathsf { R O M A } } = \exp ( { \mathsf { P } } | ) / \left[ 1 + \exp ( { \mathsf { P } } | ) \right] { \star 1 0 }$ E   
ROMA is used to stratify women into likelihood groups for finding cancer on surgery. In order to provide a specificity level of $75 \%$ , a cut point of $\geq 1 . 3 1$ was used for premenopausal women and $\geq 2 . 7 7$ was used for postmenopausal women who present with an ovarian adnexal mass. Women with ROMA results above these cut points is at high likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery.

The test system consists of the assays, reagents, software and instrument used to obtain the ROMA result. The ROMA instructions for use are provided with the HE4 EIA Kit. The HE4 EIA and ARCHITECT CA 125 II are performed according to the manufacturers' directions detailed in each product insert. The immunoassays used in ROMA are:

<table><tr><td>HE4 EIA</td><td>The HE4 ElA is an enzyme immunometric assay for the quantitative determination of HE4 in human serum.</td></tr><tr><td>ARCHITECT CA 125 II</td><td>The ARCHITECT CA 125 1I assay is a Chemiluminescent Microparticle Immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative determination of OC 125 defined antigen in human serum and plasma on the ARCHITECT / System.</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROMA(HE4 EIA +ARCHITECT CA 125 II)(Proposed Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OVA1™ Test(Predicate Device)K081754</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.6050Ovarian adnexal massassessment score test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.6050Ovarian adnexal massassessment score test system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Usage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONXSerum, algorithm, ovarian cancerassessment test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONXSerum, algorithm, ovarian cancerassessment test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunology (82)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunology (82)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA 125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA 125</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The information provided by theROMA Test should be used by thephysician only as an adjunctivetest to complement, not replace,other diagnostic and clinicalprocedures.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The information provided by theOVA1 Test should be used by thephysician only as an adjunctivetest to complement, not replace,other diagnostic and clinicalprocedures.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROMA(HE4 EIA +ARCHITECT CA 125 II)(Proposed Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OVA1TM Test(Predicate Device)K081754</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.The Risk of Ovarian MalignancyAlgorithm (ROMA™) is aqualitative serum test thatcombines the results of HE4 EIA,ARCHITECT CA 125 T™ andmenopausal status into anumerical score.ROMA is intended to aid inassessing whether apremenopausal orpostmenopausal woman whopresents with an ovarian adnexalmass is at high or low likelihood offinding malignancy on surgery.ROMA is indicated for women whomeet the following criteria: overage 18; ovarian adnexal masspresent for which surgery isplanned, and not yet referred to anoncologist. ROMA must beinterpreted in conjunction with anindependent clinical andradiological assessment. The testis not intended as a screening orstand-alone diagnostic assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OVA1 ™M Test is a qualitativeserum test that combines theresults of five immunoassays intoa single numerical score. It isindicated for women who meet thefollowing criteria: over age 18;ovarian adnexal mass present forwhich surgery is planned, and notyet referred to an oncologist. TheOVA1 Test is an aid to furtherassess the likelihood thatmalignancy is present when thephysician's independent clinicaland radiological evaluation doesnot indicate malignancy. The testis not intended as a screening orstand-alone diagnostic assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Score based on 2 analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Score based on 5 serum analytes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software algorithm and 2immunoassays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software algorithm and 5immunoassays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transthyretin, Apolipoprotein A-1,β2-microglobulin, Transferrin</td></tr></table>

# Use of ROMA for the likelihood of malignancy assessment in women presenting with an adnexal mass who will undergo surgical intervention

ROMA takes into account the results of HE4 EIA and the results of ARCHITECT CA 125 II as well as the menopausal status of the woman. The ROMA value is used to aid in assessing whether a woman is at high or low likelihoodof finding malgnancy on surery.

The effectiveness of ROMA was determined in a prospective, multi-center, blinded clinical trial for premenopausal and postmenopausal women presenting with an adnexal mass requiring surgical intervention.

A total of 461 women were evaluable in the study. For each patient, an initial cancer risk assessment (ICRA) was completed by a non-gynecological oncologist, providing the assessment of the patient's mass as benign (negative) or malignant (positive) based upon the information available to the non-gynecological oncologist during their work-up of the patient. The corresponding histopathology reports were collected after surgery.

Using a preoperatively collected serum sample, ROMA was determined and the patient was stratified into a low or a high likelihood group for finding malignancy on surgery. The histopathological classifications of the 461 evaluable patients are summarized below:

Histopathological classification of the multi-center study patients   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histopathological classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>AllN         %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PremenopausalN         %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PostmenopausalN         %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benign Pathology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Malignant Potential (LMP) /Borderline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epithelial Ovarian Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Epithelial Ovarian Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Gynecological Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metastatic Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.7</td></tr></table>

# Use of ROMA for stratification into low likelihood and high likelihood groups for finding malignancy on surgery

The following cut-points were used in order to provide a specificity level of $7 5 \%$ .   
Premenopausal women   
ROMA value $\geq 1 . 3 1 =$ High likelihood of finding malignancy   
ROMA value $< 1 . 3 1 =$ Low likelihood of finding malignancy   
Postmenopausal women   
ROMA value $\geq 2 . 7 7 =$ High likelihood of finding malignancy   
ROMA value $< 2 . 7 7 =$ Low likelihood of finding malignancy   
The reported result should include both the premenopausal and postmenopausal likelihood result and associated ROMA score on a scale of 0-10.

The stratification of patients presenting with an adnexal mass into high likelihood of harboring malignant disease (epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC), borderline or low malignant potential (LMP) tumors and other gynecological or non-gynecological cancers) using ROMA results above the cutpoint $\geq 1 . 3 1$ for premenopausal and $\geq 2 . 7 7$ for postmenopausal women by histopathology is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premenopausaln=240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Postmenopausaln=221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alln=461</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All EOC&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/9 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36/39 (92.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45/48 (93.8%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EOC Stage I+Il</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/9 (66.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/12 (75%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EOC Stage III+IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/29 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/34 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMPTumors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417 (57.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/11 (81.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/18 (72.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other cancer2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/4 (50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/16 (68.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/20 (65.0%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All cancer &amp; LMP Tumors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/20 (75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/66 (84.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71/86 (82.6%)</td></tr></table>

patnts wenstaeoepithelialovar aneneologic nnonnecologis.

The performance of ROMA for stratification into low likelihood and high likelihood groups for premenopausal and postmenopausal women with epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) only is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Premenopausal (N = 229)</td><td colspan="3">Postmenopausal (N = 194)</td></tr><tr><td>Estimate</td><td>95% CI</td><td>Estimate</td><td></td><td>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">Sensitivity Specificity TP - FP1 PPV{2 NPV3 Prevalence</td><td>100.0% (9/9)</td><td>66.4% 100%</td><td>92.3% (36/39)</td><td>79.1%</td><td>98.4%</td></tr><tr><td>74.5% (164/220)</td><td>68.3% 80.2%</td><td>76.8%</td><td>(119/155) 69.3%</td><td>83.2%</td></tr><tr><td>74.5%</td><td>68.7% 80.4%</td><td>69.1%</td><td>58.2%</td><td>80.0%</td></tr><tr><td>13.8% (9/65)</td><td>6.5% 24.7%</td><td>50.0% (36/72)</td><td>38.0%</td><td>62.0%</td></tr><tr><td>100.0% (164/164)</td><td>97.8% 100%</td><td>97.5% (119/122)</td><td>93.0%</td><td>99.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">3.9% (9/229)</td><td colspan="3">20.1% (39/194)</td></tr></table>

TP-FP $\equiv$ $\mathbf { \equiv } =$ Negative Predictive Value

# Adjunctive use of ROMA with Initial Cancer Risk Assessment (ICRA) for stratification into low likelihood and high likelihood groups of harboring malignancy

The performance for the adjunctive use of ROMA with ICRA (ROMA and/or ICRA being positive for high likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery) was evaluated by calculating sensitivity, specificity, PPV (positive predictive value) and NPV (negative predictive value). Adding ROMA to ICRA produced a statistically significant improvement in the negative predictive value. The NPV for correctly classifying benign patients into the low likelihood group increased from 93.2 to $9 6 . 2 \%$ , making the adjunctive use of ROMA with ICRA effective in ruling out cancer.

Total counts for premenopausal and postmenopausal women combined   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Malignancy by Pathology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>No Malignancy by Pathology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ICRA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ICRA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(HighLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(LowLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(HighLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeLowLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ROMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(HighLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ROMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(HighLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(LowLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(LowLikelihood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td></tr></table>

c cPiellova cancers

Performance for premenopausal and postmenopausal women combined with $9 5 \%$ Confidence Intervals (Cl)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ICRAEstimate        95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ROMAEstimate       95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>AdjunctiveEstimate       95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>SensitivitySpecificityTTP-FPPPV^{}$NPV3Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.1%  81.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.2% 89.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.9% 93.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.2%  87.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.9% 79.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3% 71.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.3%  67.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.7% 67.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1% 64.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9%   60.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2% 51.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7% 45.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%  95.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9% 96.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1% 97.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>18.7%</td></tr></table>

TTP-FP $\mathbf { \sigma } =$ T ivaFa tiv , v civValu V $=$ Negative Predictive Value

Fujirebio Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Ms. Diana L. Dickson Manager, Regulatory Affairs 201 Great Valley Parkway Malvern, PA 19355

SEP 01 2011

Re: k103358 Trade/Device Name: ROMATM (HE4 EIA +ARCHITECT CA 125 IITM) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 6 . 6 0 5 0$ Regulation Name: Ovarian adnexal mass assessment score test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: ONX Dated: August 29, 2011 Received: August 30, 2011

Dear Ms. Dickson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act and the limitations described below. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

The Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety has determined that there is a reasonable likelihood that this device will be used for an intended use not identified in the proposed labeling and that such use could cause harm. Therefore, in accordance with Section 513(i)(1)(E) of the Act, the following limitation must appear in the device's labeling:

PRECAUTION: ROMA (HE4 EIA $+$ ARCHITECT CA 125 I1) should not be used without an independent clinical /radiological evaluation and is not intended to be a screening test or to determine whether a patient should proceed to surgery. Incorrect use of ROMA (HE4 EIA $+$ ARCHITECT CA 125 II) carries the risk of unnecessary testing, surgery, and/or delayed diagnosis.

Please note that the above labcling limitations are required by Section 513(i)(1)(E) of the Act. Therefore, a new 510(k) is required before these limitations are modified in any way or removed from the device's labeling.

The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and permits your device to proceed to the market. This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification if the limitation statement described above is added to your labeling.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse cvents under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www. fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.   
Sincerely yours,   
Alberto Gufierrez, Ph.D. Alle   
Director   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K103358

# Device Name: ROMA™ (HE4 EIA $+$ ARCHITECT CA 125 II™M)

Indication For Use:

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.   
The Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm (ROMA™) is a qualitative serum test that combines the results of HE4 EIA, ARCHITECT CA 125 II™M and menopausal status into a numerical score.

ROMA is intended to aid in assessing whether a premenopausal or postmenopausal woman who presents with an ovarian adnexal mass is at high or low likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery. ROMA is indicated for women who meet the following criteria: over age 18; ovarian adnexal mass present for which surgery is planned, and not yet referred to an oncologist. ROMA must be interpreted in conjunction with an independent clinical and radiological assessment. The test is not intended as a screening or stand-alone diagnostic assay.

PRECAUTION: ROMA (HE4 EIA $+$ ARCHITECT CA 125 II) should not be used without an independent clinical /radiological evaluation and is not intended to be a screening test or to determine whether a patient should proceed to surgery. Incorrect use of ROMA (HE4 EIA $+$ ARCHITECT CA 125 II) carries the risk of unnecessary testing, surgery, and/or delayed diagnosis.

Prescription Use √ And/Or (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)