Roche Diagnostics   
Mr. Angelo Pereira   
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K153607 Trade/Device Name: Roma Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6050 Regulation Name: Ovarian adnexal mass assessment score test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: ONX Dated: May 13, 2016 Received: May 17, 2016

Dear Mr. Pereira:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

For,K   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K153607

Device Name ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays

Indications for Use (Describe)   
ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays (RCTUEA) is a qualitative test for serum and plasma (K2-EDTA, K3- EDTA and Li-Heparin) that combines the results of the Elecsys HE4 assay, Elecsys CA 125 II assay and menopausal status into a numerical score.

RCTUEA is intended to aid in assessing whether a premenopausal or postmenopausal woman who presents with an ovarian adnexal mass is at high or low likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery. RCTUEA is indicated for women who meet the following criteria: over age 18; ovarian adnexal mass present for which surgery is planned, and not yet referred to an oncologist. RCTUEA must be interpreted in conjunction with an independent clinical and radiological assessment. The test is not intended as a screening or stand-alone diagnostic assay.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

PRECAUTION: RCTUEA should not be used without an independent clinical/ radiological evaluation and is NOT intended to be a screening test or to determine whether a patient should proceed to surgery. Incorrect use of RCTUEA carries the risk of unnecessary testing, surgery and/or delayed diagnosis.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td colspan="3">This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Address</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Submitter Information</td><td></td><td>Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis, IN 46250</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person</td><td>Angelo Pereira angelo.pereira@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td>Date prepared</td><td>June 06, 2016</td></tr></table>

# Device Name

Proprietary names: ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays

Common names: ROMA (Risk of Ovarian Malignancy Algorithm)

Product Code: ONX

Predicate Device: Fujirebio ROMA (K103358)

# Establishment Registration

For the ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays (RCTUEA), the Elecsys HE4 assay and the Elecsys CA 125 II assay the establishment registration numbers for Roche Diagnostics GmbH sites in Mannheim, Germany and Penzberg, Germany are 9610126 and 9610529, respectively. The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics, Indianapolis, USA is 1823260

# Classification

The FDA has classified the Ovarian Adnexal Mass Assessment Score Test as a Class II device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationCitation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ONX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ovarian Adnexal Mass AssessmentScore Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.6050</td></tr></table>

ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays (RCTUEA) is a qualitative test for serum and plasma ( $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } .$ –EDTA, $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ –EDTA and Li-Heparin) that combines the results of the Elecsys HE4 assay, Elecsys CA $1 2 5 \ \mathrm { H I }$ assay and menopausal status into a numerical score. ROMA was developed using separate logistic regression equations for premenopausal and postmenopausal women:

Pre menopausal:

Predictive Index $( \mathrm { P I } ) = - 1 2 . 0 + 2 . 3 8 \mathrm { ~ x ~ L N } [ \mathrm { H E 4 } ] + 0 . 0 6 2 6 \mathrm { ~ x ~ L N } [ \mathrm { C A ~ } 1 2 5 ]$

Post menopausal:

Predictive Index $( \mathrm { P I } ) = - 8 . 0 9 + 1 . 0 4 \mathrm { ~ x ~ L N } [ \mathrm { H E } 4 ] + 0 . 7 3 2 \mathrm { ~ x ~ L N } [ \mathrm { C A } 1 2 5 ]$

RCTUEA value $= \exp \left( \mathrm { P I } \right) / \left[ 1 + \exp ( \mathrm { P I } ) \mathrm { b } ) \right] \mathrm { x } \ 1 0$

RCTUEA is used to stratify women into likelihood groups for finding cancer on surgery. In order to provide a specificity level of $75 \%$ , a cutoff point of $\geq$ 1.14 was used for premenopausal women and $\geq 2 . 9 9$ was used for postmenopausal women who present with an ovarian adnexal mass. Women with RCTUEA results above these cutoff points are at high likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery.

The immunoassays used in RCTUEA are:

Elecsys HE4: an electrochemiluminescence immunoassay for the quantitative determination of HE4 in human serum and plasma   
Elecsys CA 125 II: an electrochemiluminescence immunoassay for the quantitative determination of OC 125 reactive determinants in human serum and plasma.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use

ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays (RCTUEA) is a qualitative test for serum and plasma $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ –EDTA, $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ –EDTA and Li-Heparin) that combines the results of the Elecsys HE4 assay, Elecsys CA $1 2 5 \ \mathrm { H I }$ assay and menopausal status into a numerical score.

RCTUEA is intended to aid in assessing whether a premenopausal or postmenopausal woman who presents with an ovarian adnexal mass is at high or low likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery. RCTUEA is indicated for women who meet the following criteria: over age 18; ovarian adnexal mass present for which surgery is planned, and not yet referred to an oncologist.

RCTUEA must be interpreted in conjunction with an independent clinical and radiological assessment. The test is not intended as a screening or stand-alone diagnostic assay.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay “ECLIA” is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

PRECAUTION: RCTUEA should not be used without an independent clinical/radiological evaluation and is not intended to be a screening test or to determine whether a patient should proceed to surgery. Incorrect use of the RCTUEA calculation for use with the Elecsys HE4 and Elecsys CA $1 2 5 \ \mathrm { H I }$ assays carries the risk of unnecessary testing, surgery, and/or delayed diagnosis.

# Substantial Equivalence

The ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays is substantially equivalent to Fujirebio’s ROMA (HE4 EIA $^ +$ ARCHITECT CA 125 II™) (K103358).

Substantial Equivalence Comparison

The following table compares the ROMA Calculation Tool Using Elecsys Assays with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Assay Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fujirebio ROMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROMA Calculation Tool UsingElecsys Assays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General Assay Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RegulationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.6050 Ovarian adnexalmass assessment score test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 866.6050 Ovarian adnexalmass assessment score test system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductUsage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical and Hospital laboratories</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunology (82)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunology (82)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use OnlyThe Risk of Ovarian MalignancyAlgorithm (ROMATM) is aqualitative serum test thatcombines the results of HE4 EIA,ARCHITECT CA 125 IITM andmenopausal status into a numericalscore.ROMA is intended to aid inassessing whether apremenopausal or postmenopausalwoman who presents with anovarian adnexal mass is at high orlow likelihood of findingmalignancy on surgery. ROMA isindicated for women who meet thefollowing criteria: over age 18;ovarian adnexal mass present forwhich surgery is planned, and notyet referred to an oncologist.ROMA must be interpreted inconjunction with an independentclinical and radiologicalassessment. The test is notintended as a screening or stand-alone diagnostic assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROMA Calculation Tool UsingElecsys Assays (RCTUEA) is aqualitative test for serum and plasma(K2EDTA, K3EDTA and LiHeparin)that combines the results of theElecsys HE4 assay, Elecsys CA 125 IIassay and menopausal status into anumerical score.RCTUEA is intended to aid inassessing whether a premenopausal orpostmenopausal woman who presentswith an ovarian adnexal mass is athigh or low likelihood of findingmalignancy on surgery. RCTUEA isindicated for women who meet thefollowing criteria: over age 18;ovarian adnexal mass present forwhich surgery is planned, and not yetreferred to an oncologist. RCTUEAmust be interpreted in conjunctionwith an independent clinical andradiological assessment. The test isnot intended as a screening or stand-alone diagnostic assay.The electrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay "ECLIA" is intendedfor use on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precautions(ROMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precaution: ROMA (HE4 EIA +ARCHITECT CA 125 II shouldnot be used without anindependent clinical/radiologicalevaluation and is NOT intended tobe a screening test or to determinewhether a patient should proceedto surgery. Incorrect use ofROMA (HE4 EIA + ARCHITECTCA 125 II) carries the risk ofunnecessary testing, surgery,and/or delayed diagnosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precaution: RCTUEA should not beused without an independent clinical/radiological evaluation and is NOTintended to be a screening test or todetermine whether a patient shouldproceed to surgery. Incorrect use ofRCTUEA carries the risk ofunnecessary testing, surgery, and/ordelayed diagnosis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative enzyme linkedimmunosorbent assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Both Elecsys HE4 and Elecsys CA125 are quantitative sandwichimmunoassays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 and CA 125 II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HE4 and CA 125 II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampletypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionProtocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EIA (HE4) and CMIA (CA 125 II)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ECLIA for CA125 II and HE4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software algorithm and 2immunoassays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software algorithm and 2immunoassays</td></tr></table>

# Assessing the likelihood of malignancy assessment in women presenting with an adnexal mass who will undergo surgical intervention

RCTUEA takes into account the results of Elecsys HE4 and Elecsys CA 125 II as well as the menopausal status of woman. The RCTUEA value is used to aid in assessing whether a woman is at high or low likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery.

The effectiveness of RCTUEA was determined in a prospective, multi-center, blinded clinical trial for premenopausal and postmenopausal women presenting with an adnexal mass requiring surgical intervention.

A total of 455 women were evaluable in the study. For each patient, an initial cancer risk assessment (ICRA) was completed by a nurse practitioner, physician assistant or a non-gynecological oncologist who provided the assessment of the patient’s mass as benign or malignant based on the information available during their work-up of the patient. The corresponding histopathology reports were collected after surgery.

The histopathological classifications of the patients are given in the table below:

Histopathological classification of the multi-center study patients   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Premenopausal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Postmenopausal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histopathological classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benign Pathology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Borderline/ LMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epithelial Ovarian Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-Epithelial O. C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sex Cord Stroma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other GynecologicCancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endometrial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.802.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leiomyosarcoma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peritoneal Mesothelioma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Appendix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carcinoid Tumor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Malignant Lymphoma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudomyxoma Peritonel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metastatic Cancer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pancreatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>455</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# Use of RCTUEA for stratification into low and high likelihood groups for finding malignancy on surgery

Using a preoperatively collected serum sample, RCTUEA was determined and the patient was stratified into a low or high likelihood group for finding malignancy on surgery. Samples were tested on the Elecsys e411 analyzer at three US testing sites.

The following cut-off points were used in order to provide a specificity level of $7 5 \%$ : Premenopausal women

RCTUEA values $\geq 1 . 1 4 =$ High likelihood of finding malignancy RCTUEA values $< 1 . 1 4 =$ Low likelihood of finding malignancy Postmenopausal women RCTUEA values $\geq 2 . 9 9 = { }$ High likelihood of finding malignancy RCTUEA values $< 2 . 9 9 =$ Low likelihood of finding malignancy

The reported results include the likelihood and associated RCTUEA score on a scale of 0-10 for premenopausal and postmenopausal women.

The stratification of patients presenting with an adnexal mass into high likelihood of malignant disease (epithelial ovarian cancer), borderline or low malignant potential (LMP) tumors and other gynecological and non-gynecological cancers, using RCTUEA results above the cut-points of $\geq 1 . 1 4$ for premenopausal and $\geq 2 . 9 9$ for postmenopausal women by histopathology is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Premenopausaln=249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Postmenopausaln=206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alln=455</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All EOC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/91 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34/381(89.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43/47 (91.5%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EOC StageI+II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/3 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/9 (55.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/12 (66.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EOC StageIII+IV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/5 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/28 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33/33 (100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMP Tumors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/7 (57.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/11 (81.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13/18 (72.2%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Cancers2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2/5 (40%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/14 (64.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11/19 (57.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All cancers&amp;LMP Tumors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/21 (71.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52/63 (82.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67/84 (79.8%)</td></tr></table>

1 One EOC patient was unstaged 2 non-epithelial cancer, other gynecologic and non-gynecologic cancers

The performance of RCTUEA for stratification into low likelihood and high likelihood groups for premenopausal and postmenopausal women with epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) only is shown in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Premenopausal (N=237)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Postmenopausal (N=181)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%   (9/9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.4%100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.5% (34/38)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.2%97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.6%(177/228)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.7%82.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.5%(118/143)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.3%88.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP-FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.1%83.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.2%83.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV{2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0% (9/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%26.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.6% (34/59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.1%70.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%(177/177)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%(118/122)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8%99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.8% (9/237)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>21.0% (38/181)</td></tr></table>

1 TP-FP $=$ True Positive rate-False Positive rate, $^ { 2 } { \mathrm { P P V } } =$ Positive Predictive Value, $^ { 3 } { \mathrm { N P V } } =$ Negative Predictive Value

# Adjunctive use of RCTUEA with Initial Cancer Risk Assessment (ICRA) for stratification into high likelihood and low likelihood for malignancy

The performance for the adjunctive use of RCTUEA with ICRA (ICRA and/or RCTUEA being positive for high likelihood of finding malignancy on surgery) for diagnosis of EOC including LMP, sensitivity for malignancy increased from $7 6 . 9 \%$ to $9 0 . 8 \%$ . Specificity for malignancy decreased from $8 4 . 4 \%$ to $7 0 . 4 \%$ . PPV for adjunctive use of ICRA and RCTUEA decreased from $4 6 . 3 \%$ to $3 4 . 9 \%$ due to the increase in the number of false positive tests. However, NPV of the adjunctive use of ICRA and RCTUEA increased from $9 5 . 4 \%$ to $9 7 . 8 \%$ . This observed increase in NPV was statistically significant, $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { P = } 0 . 0 0 0 0 )$ supporting the adjunctive use of RCTUEA with ICRA effective in ruling out cancer.

Performance of RCTUEA versus ICRA for Malignant and Non-Malignant cohorts as determined by Pathology   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Malignancy by Pathology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>No Malignancy by Pathology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ICRA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ICRA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RCTUEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RCTUEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>261</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371</td></tr></table>

1 All malignancies found including EOC, non-epithelial ovarian cancer, other gynecologic and nongynecologic cancers

Performance of RCTUEA for Diagnosis of EOC including LMP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGaYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ICRA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>RCTUEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ad</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Adjunctive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGaYellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9%50/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.2%56/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8%59/65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.4%313/371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5%295/371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.4%261/371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.3%50/108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.4%56/132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.9%59/169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.4%313/328</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0%295/304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8%261/267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP-FPa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLRb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NLR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prevalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>14.9% (65/436)</td></tr></table>

a TP-True Positive; FP-False Positiveb PLR-Positive Likelihood Ratioc NLR-Negative Likelihood Ratio

Standard/ Guidance Document Reference

In addition to FDA guidance regarding 510(k) submissions, the following standards were used for the performance studies.

Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; CLSI document EP5-A2, August 2004. Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples, CLSI document EP9-A2-IR, July 2010.