# DEC 2 3 2005

# 510(K) Summary

# Biophen Protein C 5 & 2.5

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is 6050365

Submitters name & Address: HyphenBiomed 155 Rue d' Eragny 95000 Neuville sur Oise, France Phone # $( + 3 3 ) 1$ 34 40 65 10 Fax#( $\yen 33$ ) 1 34 48 72 36

Contact Name: Dr. Jean Amiral Email: jamiral@Hyphen-Biomed

Preparation date: $1 8 ^ { n }$ Nov 2004

Device name & Classification: Test, qualitative and quantitative factor deficiency

Class: II

Product Code: GGP

Regulation number: 864.7290

Predicate device name: Coamatic Protein C

Manufacturer of Predicate device:

Chromogenix AB/Instrumentation Laboratory   
Taljegardsgatan 3   
S-431 53 Molndal   
Sweden, SW

Device Description: Biophen Protein C is a chromogenic assay consisting of chromogenic substrate and Protein C activator.

Device Intended Use: Biophen Protein C is intended for use as a chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of Protein C activity in citrated human plasma.

Performance of the Device: The following table shows the performance of the device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein CConcentration%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intra-AssayCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterAssayCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr></table>

# Comments on substantial equivalence:

Biophen Protein C is substantially equivalent to Coamatic Protein C (K922201), manufactured by Chromogenix AB, and currently marketed in the United states by Instrumentation laboratory; this is based on the following similarities:

Both products are intended for use in the quantitative determination of Protein C activity in citrated human plasma.   
2. Both the device uses similar reagents ( protein activator and substrate)   
3. The reagents used in both the device are in lyophilized form and reconstituted in distilled water.   
4. Both devices produce results in $\%$ activity of protein C.

The following table shows comparison table of Biophen Protein C and its predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Biophen Protein C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Coamatic 速 Protein C (K922201)</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen ProteinC kit is intended for measuring the ProteinC Activity in human plasma by chromogenic assay using amanual or an automated method.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coamatic Protein C is intended for use as a chromogenic assay for thequantitative determination of Protein C activity in citrated humanplasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen ProteinC kit is intended for measuring the ProteinC Activity in human plasma by chromogenic assay using amanual or an automated method.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coamatic Protein C is intended for use as an in vitro chromogenicassay for the quantitative determination of Protein C activity in citratedhuman plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen Protein C kit consists ofC.Protac速:d.SaPC-21 SubstrateReagent 1 (Protac速): This is highly purified enzyme,extracted from the Agkistrodom C Contortrix snakevenom, lyophilized and stabilized, able to specificallyactivate protein CReagent 2 (SaPC-21 Substrate):Chromogenic substrate,lyophilized and specific for Protein CSequence: p-Glu-Pro-Arg-pNa.HClPurity: 95%Molecular weight: 502.5KdFree pNa: 0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coamatic protein C kit consists of3Protein C activator4. Substrate S-2366Reagent 1 (Protein C activator): Lyophilized venom enzyme withbovine serum albumin(stabilizer) and Ciprofloxacin( preservative) fromsouthern copperhead snake manufactured by Agkistrodom CContortrix.Reagent 2( S-2366): Lyophilized chromogenic substrate pyroGlu-Pro-Arg-pNA-HCI.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1: Protac速 in distilled water matrixReagent 2: SaPC-21 Substrate in distilled water matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1: Protein C activator in distilled water matrixReagent 2: S-2366 Substrate in distilled water matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C activity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C activity</td></tr></table>

Hyphen Biomed c/o Mr. Ola Anderson US Agent, Aniara 6560 Gove Ct. Mason, OH 45040

Re: k050365 Trade/Device Name: Biophen Protein C 5 and 2.5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7290 Regulation Name: Factor deficiency test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGP Dated: February 14, 2005 Received: February 15, 2005

Dear Mr. Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either classII (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to procced to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled,"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
htto://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Robath Becker

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PHD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K050365

Device Name: Biophen @ Protein C 2.5 & 5

Indications for Use:

Biophen Protein C 5 & 2.5 kit is a Chromogenic assay for measuring the Protein C Activity in human citrated plasma using a manual or an automated method.

:oncurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE) mane than for osplne Ganten tor Divtsion Sign-Off Office of In Viro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and ,ofety 510K K050365