# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.   
The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is: K050589.

<table><tr><td>Submitted by:</td><td>Sysmex America, Inc. One Nelson C. White Parkway Mundelein, IL 60060 Phone: (847) 996-4675; FAX: (847) 996-4655 Contact person: Nina Gamperling Date prepared: March 7, 2005 ®</td></tr><tr><td>2Name of Device:</td><td>Trade or proprietary name: RET-He parameter on the Sysmex XE-2100, Automated Hematology Analyzer. Common name: RET-He Classification name: RET-He parameter on the Automated</td></tr><tr><td>3.Predicate Device:</td><td>Differential Cell Counter, Sysmex® XE-2100 (21 CFR 864.5220) The RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XE-2100, Automated Hematology Analyzer, is substantially equivalent to the CHr parameter on the Bayer Advia 120 Hematology System.</td></tr><tr><td> Device Description:</td><td>The XE-2100 is an automated hematology analyzer previously cleared by the FDA. The RET-He parameter determines the hemoglobin of the reticulocytes. (Note: XE-Pro and RET Master</td></tr><tr><td>5 Intended Use:</td><td>are required to obtain results described.) The RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XE-2100, Automated Hematology Analyzer, determines the hemoglobin of reticulocytes for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories.</td></tr><tr><td>6 Substantial equivalence-similarities and differences</td><td>The following table compares the RET-He parameter with predicate method.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS (continued)

Comparison Table to Predicate Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHr parameter on the BayerAdvia 120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET-He parameter on the SysmexXE-2100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate      K971998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Advia 120 HematologySystem is a quantitative,automated hematology analyzerthat provides a leukocytedifferential count and reticulocyteanalysis for in vitro diagnostic usein clinical laboratories.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>®The RET-He parameter on the SysmexXE-2100, Automated HematologyAnalyzer, determines the hemoglobin ofreticulocytes for in vitro diagnostic use inclinical laboratories.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The reticulocyte parameters arederived through a combination oflaser light scatter and absorptionof a nucleic acid dye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The reticulocyte parameters are derivedusing the reticulocyte forward scatteredlight signals from the reticulocytemeasurement channel and a proprietarySysmex calculation equation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type ofAnticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method of CHr, mean hemoglobincontent of reticulocytes, has beenestablished as the predicatemethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison to CHr showed excellentcorrelation.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Clinical Performance Data:

Studies were performed to evaluate the equivalency of the RET-He parameter to the predicate method. Results indicated equivalent performance.   
The performance data demonstrated substantial   
equivalence.

# . Conclusions:

MAY - 4 2005

Ms. Nina M. Gamperling, MBA, MT(ASCP), RAC Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Sysmex America, Inc.   
One Nelson C. White Parkway   
Mundelein, IL 60060

Re: k050589 Trade/Device Name: RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XE-2100TM, Automated Hematology Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II . Product Code: GKZ Dated: March 7, 2005 Received: March 9, 2005

Dear Ms. Gamperling:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

fobuth Becker

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known):_ K050589

Device Name: RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XE-2100™M. Automated Hematology Analyzer

# Indications For Use:

The RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XE-2100, Automated Hematology Analyzer, determines the hemoglobin of reticulocytes for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories.

Concurrence of CHRD, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Prescription Use _

Over-The-Counter Use

Division Sigoff igi futid. Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510k) K050589