MAR 3 0 2005

$$
\beta \zeta > 0 \zeta 2 1
$$

# Section 3 HemosIL Silica Clotting Time - 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

# Submitted by:

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421 Phone: 781-861-4467 Fax: 781-861-4207

# Contact Person:

Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director Phone: 781-861-4467 / Fax: 781-861-4207

Summary Prepared: January 28, 2005

# Name of the Device:

HemosIL Silica Clotting Time

# Regulatory Information:

Regulation Section: Partial Thromboplastin Time Tests (864.7925)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: GFO   
Panel: Hematology

Identification of Predicate Device(s):

K990302

HemosIL LAC Screen and HemosIL LAC Confirm

# Description of the Device/Intended Use(s):

HemosIL Silica Clotting Time is intended for the detection of Lupus Anticoagulants in human citrated plasma on the IL Coagulation Systems by the use of screening (SCT Screen) and confirmatory (SCT Confirm) reagents sensitized to phospholipid dependent antibodies.

# Statement of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Device:

The HemosIL Silica Clotting Time is substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate devices (HemosIL LAC Screen and HemosIL LAC Confirm) in performance and intended use.

# Section 3 HemosIL Silica Clotting Time - 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

# Summary of Performance Data:

# Method Comparison

In an in-house study of 210 citrated plasma samples (120 normals/90 abnormals) on an ACL Advance, comparing HemosIL Silica Clotting Time to the predicate devices, the following correlation data were obtained:

<table><tr><td>Unit</td><td>slope</td><td>intercept</td><td>r</td><td>Reference method</td></tr><tr><td>Normalized LAC ratio</td><td>1.099</td><td>-0.086</td><td>0.874</td><td>LAC Screen/Confirm</td></tr></table>

In a clinical study of 206 citrated plasma samples (121 normals/85 abnormals), comparing HemosIL Silica Clotting Time (cut-off > 1.24) to the predicate devices (cut-off ≥ 1.20) on an ACL Futura, a relative Sensitivity of 92.4% (95% C.I. = 82.1-97.0) and a relative Specificity of 100% (95% C.I. = 97.6-100.0) were determined. All known Lupus Anticoagulant samples $( n { = } 4 8 )$ tested as part of this study gave SCT normalized ratios $> 1 . 2 4$

# Within Run Precision

Within run and between run precision was assessed over multiple runs (n=80) using three levels of controls.

<table><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>Control</td><td>Mean Normalized Ratio</td><td>Within run %CV</td><td>Total %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">ACL Advance</td><td>Normal Control</td><td>1.05</td><td>2.47</td><td>2.95</td></tr><tr><td>Low LA Control</td><td>1.90</td><td>4.05</td><td>6.00</td></tr><tr><td>High LA Control</td><td>2.77</td><td>5.24</td><td>5.60</td></tr></table>

# MAR 3 0 2005

Ms. Carol Marble Regulatory Affairs Director Instrumentation Laboratory Co. 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Rc: k050221 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL Silica Clotting Time Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7925 Regulation Name: Partial thromboplastin time tests Regulatory Class: Class II 1 Product Code: GFO Dated: January 28, 2005 Received: January 31, 2005

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publis furtherannouncments concerning your devicen theFederal Reser.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours, fobuth Beckep

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (f known): K05022/

Device Name: HemosIL Silica Clotting Time

# Indications for Use:

Hemos Silica Clotting Time is intended for the detection of Lupus Anticoagulants in human citrated plasma on the IL Coagulation Systems by the use of screening (SCT Screen) and confirmatory (SCT Confirm) reagents sensitized to phospholipid dependent antibodies.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

uphi Srutida   
Division Signp   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K050221