# SEP 2 3 2005

# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.   
The assigned 510(k) number is: _K051459

<table><tr><td>1. Submitted by:</td><td>Sysmex America, Inc. One Nelson C. White Parkway Mundelein, IL 60060 Phone: (847) 996-4675; FAX: (847) 996-4655 Contact person: Nina Gamperling Date prepared: September 2, 2005</td></tr><tr><td>Name of Device:</td><td>Trade or proprietary name: Sysmex® XE-2100DC, Automated Hematology Analyzer. Common name: XE-2100DC</td></tr><tr><td>3. Predicate Device:</td><td>Classification name: Automated Differential Cell Counter, Sysmex® XE-2100DC (21 CFR 864.5220) The Sysmex® XE-2100DC, Automated Hematology Analyzer, is</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description:</td><td>substantially equivalent to the Sysmex XE-2100, Automated Hematology Analyzer. The XE-2100 is an automated hematology analyzer previously</td></tr><tr><td> Intended Use:</td><td>cleared by the FDA. XE-2100DC will extend MCV stability to 48 hours. (Note: XE pro software is required to obtain results described.) The Sysmex XE-2100DC is an automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>in clinical laboratories and reference laboratories. The XE- 2100DC analyzes the following parameters: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV and NEUT %/#, LYMPH %/#, MONO %/#, EO %/#, and BASO %/#. The XE-2100DC will extend the stability of the MCV parameter in EDTA anticoagulated whole blood samples to 48 hours at 4°C and room temperatures (18-26°C).</td></tr><tr><td>Substantial equivalence-similarities and differences</td><td>The following table compares the XE-2100DC with the predicate method.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS (continued)

Comparison Table to Predicate Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sysmex XE-2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sysmex XE-2100DC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modification of Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The SysmexTM XE-2100 is a multi-parameter hematology analyzer intendedto classify formed elements in anti-coagulated blood. The XE-2100 canprovide accurate and precise test resultsfor up to 32 analysis parameters in wholeblood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sysmex XE-2100DC is an automatedhematology analyzer for in vitrodiagnostic use in screening patientpopulations found in clinical laboratoriesand reference laboratories. The XE-2100DC analyzes the followingparameters: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT,MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV and NEUT %/#, LYMPH%/#, MONO %/#, EO %/#, and BASO%/#. The XE-2100DC will extend thestability of the MCV parameter in EDTAanticoagulated whole blood samples to 48hours at 4°C and room temperature (18-26°C).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XE-2100 performs hematologyanalyses using the following methods:RF/DC Detection Method, Sheath FlowDC Detection Method, Flow CytometryMethods using a Semiconductor Laser andSLS-hemoglobin method.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XE-2100DC performs hematologyanalyses using the following methods:Sheath Flow DC Detection Method, FlowCytometry Methods using aSemiconductor Laser and SLS-hemoglobin method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DilutingReagentDifferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CELLSHEATH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CELLSHEATH(C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software/HardwareDifferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hardware: Tubing changes; Heatingblock modification.Software: Proprietary temperaturealgorithms</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type ofAnticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peripheral blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance was established in theprevious 510(k) submission.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison to the XE-2100demonstrated excellent correlation.</td></tr></table>

# 7. Clinical Performance Data:

Studies were performed to evaluate the equivalency of XE-2100DC to the predicate method. Results indicated that the XE-2100DC will extend the stability of the MCV parameter in EDTA anticoagulated whole blood samples to 48 hours at $4 \%$ and room temperature $( 1 8 . 2 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ The performance data demonstrated substantial equivalence.

# 8. Conclusions:

Nina M. Gamperling, MBA, MT (ASCP), RAC Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Sysmex America, Inc.   
One Nelson C. White Parkway   
Mundelein, Illinois 60060

Re: k051459 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex® XE-2100DCTM, Automated Hematology Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR § 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: II Product Code: GKZ Dated: August 22, 2005 Received: August 26, 2005

Dear Ms. Gamperling:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either classII (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will alow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Lobuth Beckerh

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PH.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

Device Name: Sysmex® XE-2100DC™M, Automated Hematology Analyzer

Indications For Use:

The Sysmex XE-2100DC is an automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories and reference laboratories. The XE2100DC analyzes the following parameters: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV and NEUT %/#, LYMPH %/#, MONO %/#, EO %/#, and BASO %/#. The XE-2100DC will extend the stability of the MCV parameter in EDTA anticoagulated whole blood samples to 48 hours at 4°C and room temperatures (18-26°C).

# Concurrence of CHRD, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Prescription Use Over-The-Counter Use Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K051459