# AUG 17 2005

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 South 109th Street Omaha, NE 68128

Official Correspondent: Carol Thompson, Quality Assurance Manager (402)-537-5213

Date Prepared: June 14, 2005

Name of Device: Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name:

Predicate Device: Cell-Chex (K000076) Manufactured by Streck

# Description:

iQBody Fluids Control is a stabilized suspension of human red blood cells and simulated white blood cells in a solution containing biological salts and anti-microbial preservatives.The product is packaged in glass vials containing 8ml. The closures are polypropylene screw caps with polyethylene liners. Fourvials are included in a set.Two vials are level 1 with a low ce count and the other two vials ae level 2 with a higher concentration of cells.The vials are further packaged in a six (6) welled vacuum formed "clam-shell" container with the package insert / assay sheet. The product must be stored at $^ { 2 - }$ $1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Intended Use:

$\mathsf { i Q } ^ { \oplus }$ Body Fluids Controls are intended for use on $i Q ^ { \circled { \ r } }$ Series analyzers, with the optional ${ \mathrm { i } } { \mathsf { Q } } ^ { \circledast }$ Body Fluids Module instaled, as a control for evaluating body fluid RBC and nucleated cell counts. The device will consist of two levels of red blood cells and nucleated cells.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

Like Cell-Chex, iQ Body Fluids Control is an assayed control mixture of red and white blood cells set al specific concentrations. Cell-Chex and iQ Body Fluids Control have a 30 day open vial stability.

Unlike Cel-Chex, iQ Body Fluids Control is used for the Iris Diagnostics'iQ Body Fluids Module.CellChex is used with manual diagnostic methods, and Cel-Chex has a 6 (six) month closed vial stability where iQ Body Fluids Control has a 40 day closed vial stability.

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results:

Four types of studies were conducted to establish performance of iQ Body Fluids Control, closed vial bily, vl tbility, alteateetstucblyl tso iQ Body Fluids Control is consistently reproducible and stable for the closed vial stability claim.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests:

iQ Body Fluids Control is a safe and effective product useful for controlling the Iris Diagnosit Body Fluid Module. It will perform as claimed when used in accordance with the package insert.

# AUG 1 7 2005

Mr. Mark Lewallen   
Quality Assurance Coordinator   
Streck   
7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Street   
La Vista, Nebraska 68128

Re: k051706 Trade/Device Name: iQ® Body Fluids Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology Quality Control Mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPK Dated: August 10, 2005 Received: August 11, 2005

Dear Mr. Lewallen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies." You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

fobatt Becker

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known):

# K051706

Device Name:

$i Q ^ { \circledcirc }$ Body Fluids Control

Indications For Use:

$\mathrm { i Q } ^ { \circledast }$ Body Fluids Controls are intended for use on $\mathrm { i Q } ^ { \circledcirc }$ Series analyzers, with the optional $\mathrm { i Q } ^ { \circledast }$ Body Fluids Module installed, as a control for evaluating body fluid RBC and nucleated cell counts. The device will consist of two levels of red blood cells and nucleated cells.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Srghine Brntti   
DivisioonSen0   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation. and Safety   
510(k) K051706

Page _1 of 1