K051040

# Date Prepared:

April 20, 2005

# Submitter:

Medtronic Perfusion Systems 7611 Northland Boulevard Brooklyn Park, MN 55428

# Contact Person:

Bruce Backlund Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Phone: (763)-391-9183   
Fax: (763) 391-9603

# Device Name and Classification:

Trade Name: Heparin Dose Response Control

Common Name:

Classification: Class II

Predicate Devices: Heparin Dose Response Controls K043080

# Device Description

The HDR Control set is an in vitro diagnostic device. The primary function is to identify if each pair of heparinized channels of the HDR cartridge has normal or abnormal function by measuring if the clotting time ratios between heparinized and unheparinized channels are within or outside a specified range. HDR control 1 is used to verify that channels 1,2, 5 and 6 of the HDR cartridge are functioning correctly. HDR control 2 is used to verify that channels 3, 4, 5 and 6 of the HDR cartridge are functioning correctly.

The HDR controls are single use, non-sterile, point of care, in-vitro diagnostic plasma controls for use with the HMS Plus instrument.

# Indication for Use

The Heparin Dose Response (HDR) controls are used to verify the performance of the HDR cartridges and the HMS Plus instrument.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The predicate device 510(k) K043080 was cleared on December 3, 2004.

# Summary of Performance Data

Validation testing was used to establish the performance characteristic of the modifications of this device from the previously marketed device.

# Conclusion

Medtronic Perfusion Systems has demonstrated that the HDR Controls are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices based upon design, test results, and indications for use.

# MAY 2 4 2005

Mr. Bruce Backlund   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Medtronic Perfusion Systems   
761 1 Northland Drive   
Brooklyn Park, MN 55428-1008

Re: k051040 Trade/Device Name: Heparin Dose Response Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5680 Regulation Name: Automated heparin analyzer Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JOX Dated: April 20, 2005 Received: April 25, 2005

Dear Mr. Backlund:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Pobatt Becker

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Indications for Use

510(k) Number (f known):K051040 Device Name: Heparin Dose Response Controls

Indications For Use:

The Heparin Dose Response (HDR) controls are used to verify the performance of HDR cartridges and the HMS Plus instrument.

Prescription Use

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use_ (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page _1_of_1_