# JUL 1 2 2005

# 510(k) Special Summary R&D Systems, Inc. CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control

Date of Summary: Company Name:

June 29, 2005   
R&D Systems, Inc.   
614 McKinley Place N.E.   
Minneapolis, MN 55413   
Ralph E. Hogancamp   
612-656-4413, FAX 612-379-6580

Contact name:

Classification name: Product name: Control CFR section:

Hematology Quality Control Mixture R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology

864.8625 Hematology quality control mixture.   
Class HI

Device Class:

Predicate Device: R&D Systems CBC-4K Hematology Control, K970331 manufactured by R&D Systems, Inc. 614 McKinley Place N.E., Minneapolis, MN 55413

Description: This control is an assayed whole blood control designed to monitor values on multi-parameter hematology cell counters.

Intended use: R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control is an assayed whole blood control designed to monitoring the accuracy and precision of CELL-DYN $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ hematology instruments. Refer to assay sheet for specific instrument models.

Comparison: Both products are used to monitor CELL-DYN $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ hematology instruments.   
The R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics added new parameters.

Discussion: Laboratory testing of 3 validation lots has shown R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control to have substantial equavalence in performance, precision and stability to the predicate device. R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control passed the acceptance criteria of remaining within the assay range over the life of the product. R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control has demonstrated precision as indicated by the small standard deviation and $\%$ CV's obtained during laboratory testing. Expiriation dating has been established at 75 days (closed vial) and 8 days (open vial) when stored at $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and handled according to instructons for use.

Conclusion: R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control is a safe and effective control for the above intended use when used as instructed in the package insert.

# JUL 1 2 2005

Mr. Ralph E. Hogancamp Regulatory Affairs Specialist R&D Systems, Inc. 614 McKinley Place N.E. Minneapolis, MN 55413

Re: k051339 Trade/Device Name: R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPK Dated: June 29, 2005 Received: June30, 2005

Dear Mr. Hogancamp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

fobuthBeckep

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K051339

# Device Name: R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control

# Indications for Use:

R&D CBC-4K Plus Retics Hematology Control is an assayed whole blood control designed to monitoring the accuracy and precision of CELL-DYN $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ hematology instruments. Refer to assay sheet for specific instrument models.

# Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE TO USE ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Page 1 of _1