SEP 3 0 2005

# 510(k) Summary - Tina-Quant® Hemoglobin A1c Gen.2

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-3723

Contact person: Theresa M. Ambrose

Date prepared: Sept 7, 2005

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Tina-Quant $\mathfrak { D }$ Hemoglobin Alc Gen.2 test

Common name: Hemoglobin Alc test

Classification name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay

# Device Description

With the Tina-Quant Hemoglobin A1c Gen.2 test system, the anticoagulated whole blood specimen is hemolyzed prior to determination of HbAlc by an turbidimetric inhibition immunoassay (TINIA). Liberated hemoglobin (Hb) in the hemolyzed sample is converted to a derivative having a characteristic absorption spectrum and measured bichromatically. The instrument calculates the $\%$ HbA1c from the HbA 1c/ Hb ratio according to a user selected protocol.

# Intended use

The Tina-Quant Hemoglobin A1c Gen.2 test is an in vitro diagnostic reagent system intended for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin Alc in whole blood.   
HbA1c results are useful for monitoring of long-term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

# Predicate Device

Substantial equivalencySimilarities

The table below indicates the similarities between the modified Tina-Quant $\otimes$ Hemoglobin A1c Gen.2 test and its predicate device (original Tina-Quant $\otimes$ Hemoglobin, K934070).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device: original Tina-Quant HbA1c(K934070)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified device: Tina-QuantHbAlc Gen.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">General                                                                                       </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the quantitative determination ofhemoglobin Alc in whole blood.From summary: Measurements areuseful to provide an indication ofglycemic control in patients withdiabetes mellitus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Tina-Quant Hemoglobin AlcGen.2 test is an in vitro diagnosticreagent system intended for thequantitative determination ofpercent hemoglobin Alc in wholeblood.HbAlc results are useful formonitoring of long-term bloodglucose control in individuals withdiabetes mellitus</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary blood;EDTA orheparinized whole blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Test principle</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determination ofHbAlc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Turbidimetric immunoinhibition(TINIA). Antigen-antibodycomplexes are formed and excessAb aggregate with polyhapten toform insoluble complexes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determination ofHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bichromatic photometricdetermination after conversion to acolored derivative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calculation of %HbAlc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% HbAlc is calculatedautomatically by instrumentaccording to user-selected protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reagent information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolyzingreagent: sampleratio</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1:100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Polyclonal anti-HbA1c from sheepblood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same antibody.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysate derived from humanblood and sheep blood; TTABdetergent; stabilizer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precinorm HbAlcPrecipath HbAlc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Performance characteristics</td></tr><tr><td>Specificity</td><td>No cross-reactivity with HbAo, HbA1a, HbA1b, acetylated hemoglobin, carbamylated hemoglobin, glycated albumin, labile HbA1c and HbA1d and an acetaldehyde hemoglobin adduct.</td><td>Stability claims transferred from predicate device due to use of same antibody and similar reagent: sample ration.</td></tr></table>

Substantial equivalencyDifferences

The table below indicates the differences between the modified Tina-Quant $\otimes$ Hemoglobin A1c Gen.2 test and its predicate device (original Tina-Quant $\otimes$ Hemoglobin, K934070).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device: original Tina-Quant HbAlc(K934070)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified device: Tina-QuantHbAlc Gen.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">LMG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pretreatment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual pretreatment withhemolyzing reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two options for pretreatment:Hemolysate application:same (Manual pretreatment withhemolyzing reagent)Whole blood application:automated on-board samplepretreatment with hemolyzingreagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instruments</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated analyzers includingHitachi family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integra 800</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niestprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Determination ofHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Occurs in separate channel withseparate reagent.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hb is measured in same channelduring preincubation phase ofHbA1c determination (sample +R1). No separate reagent or channelneeded.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mormton</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer: 50 mM MES, pH6.2Antibody; stabilizers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer: 25 mM MES/ 15 mM TRISpH 6.2Antibody; stabilizers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer: 50 mM MES, pH 6.2;Polyhapten modified withaminodextran AD50; concentration&gt; 20 ug/mLStabilizers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer: 25 mM MES/15mM Tris,ph 6.2;Polyhapten modified withaminodextran AD500;concentration &gt; 8ug/mL; Stabilizers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolyzingreagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains 10 mM EDTA and TTABdetergent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different concentrations usedHemolysate application:Uses separate hemolyzing reagentwith 20 mM EDTAWhole blood application:Uses Hemolyzing reagent Gen.2 -fourfold increase in concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hb reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phosphate buffer 20 mM, pH 7.4;stabilizers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No separate reagent needed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided with kit as lyophilisate infour levels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided separately as single level;diluted on-board the analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-house reference materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardized against approvedIFCC reference method</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration dateopened: 4 weeks at 2-12 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration dateOn-board: 28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Endogenous interferences</td><td rowspan="2">No interference from Acetylsalicylic acid; Gamma globulin; Rheumatoid factor or ascorbic acid Lipemia up to 17.5 mg/dL Lipemia (intralipid) up to 1230 mg/dL glucose</td><td>Whole blood application: No significant interference from: Icterus</td></tr><tr><td>Lipemia: up to 800 mg/dL Intralipid Rheumatoid factor: up to 750 IU/mL Glycemia: up to 1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Expected values</td><td>4.3% - 5.8% HbA1c Based on 1993 study with in-house standardization</td><td>2.9-4.2% HbA1c Based on study done with IFCC standardization</td></tr></table>

# SEP 3 0 2005

Ms. Theresa Ambrose Regulatory Affairs Principal Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road PO Box 50457 Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k052464 Trade/Device Name: Tina-Quant $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hemoglobin A1c Gen.2 Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCP Dated: September 07, 2005 Received: September 08, 2005

Dear Ms. Ambrose:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K052464

# Device Name: Tina-Quant@ Hemoglobin Alc Gen.II

Indications For Use:

The Tina-Quant Hemoglobin Alc Gen.2 test is an in vitro diagnostic reagent system intended for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin Alc in whole blood.   
HbAlc results are useful for monitoring of long-term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page l of

Divisio Sign-Off   
Office f In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
5101k) k052464