# OCT -6 2006

# 510(k) Summary

Page 1 of 2

# Applicant:

Contact Person:   
Trade Name:   
Product Classification   
and Code: Beckman Coulter, Inc. Date Prepared: October 4, 2006 Immunodiagnostics Development Center   
1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive   
Chaska, MN 55318   
Lynn Weist, Staff Regulatory Specialist   
Access® EPO Assay   
Device Class - II   
Classification Code - GGT (EPO Assay) and JIT (Calibrators)   
K936016 - Quantikine IVD Erythropoietin ELISA Kit - R & D Systems, Inc.   
K983203- IMMULITE EPO - Diagnostic Products Corp.   
K980737 - Nichols Advantage Chemiluminescent Erythropoietin Immunoassay - Nichols Institute Diagnostics   
K992799 - Sangui Bio Tech, Inc. EPO [Erythropoietin] ELISA Kit

Predicate Devices:

# Device Description:

The Access® EPO assay consists of the reagent pack and calibrators. Other items needed to perform the assay include the Access substrate and wash buffers.

# Intended Use:

The Access EPO assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of erythropoietin levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of anemias and polycythemias. With the advent of the administration of recombinant eytoi bolgiherapycasebloasytot may be used also to aid in the prediction and monitoring of response to recombinant erythropoietin treatment in persons with anemias.

The Access EPO calibrators are intended to calibrate the Access EPO assay for the quntitativeminati r  aseparin) Access Immunoassay Systems.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access EPO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R&amp;D Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nichols</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sangui Bio Tech</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type /Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-sitesimultaneousimmunometric(sandwich)chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELISA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-site sequentialenzymeimmunometric(sandwich)chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-site simultaneousimmunometric(sandwich)chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-site simuitaneousimmunometric(sandwich) assayLISA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paramagneticparticles coatedwith goat anti-mouse IgG:mouse anti-recombinanthuman EPOmonoclonalantibody, BSA,sodium azide andProClin 300.Chicken anti-recombinantmouse EPOalkaline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate -polystyrenemicropiate coatedwith mousemonocionalantibody againstrecombinanthuman EPO.Conjugate - anti-EPO polyclonal(rabbit) antibody:horrseradishperoxidaseconjugate w/thimerosal as a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid phase -Polystyrene beadcoated with ananti-ligand derivedfrom streptavidin.Reagent - ligand-labeled murinemonoclonal anti-EPO antibody withpreservative.Alkalinephosphataseconjugated to goatpolyclonal anti-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptavidin coatedmagnetic particlesin a buffercontaining goat,rabbit and mousegamma globulinwith sodium azideand ProClin 300.Acridinium ester-labeled mousemonoclonalantibody to humanEPO in a bufferedprotein solution withantimicrobial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carboxyl-terminalmouse monoclonalantibody &amp; an affinitypurified region-restricted amino-terminal sheepantibody. Solidphase coated withavidin. Captureantibodies arecoupled with biotin.Horseradishperoxidase labeledTag antibody.</td></tr></table>

Beckman Coulter, Inc. Abbreviated 510k: Access® EPO Assay and Calibrators Response to FDA Request for Information (Verbal October 3, 2006) October 4, 2006

# 510(k) Summary

Comparison of Technological Characteristics: (continued)   
Summary of Performance Studies:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access EPO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R&amp;D Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DPC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nichols</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sangui Bio Tech</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition(continued)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>phosphatase(bovine) conjugate,BSA, sodium azideand ProClin 300.TRIS saline buffercontaining BSA,proteins (chicken,bovine, mouse),sodium azide andProClin 300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPO antibody inbuffer, withpreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agents. Biotinlabeled mousemonoclonal antibodyto human EPO in abuffered proteinsolution, withsodium azide andProClin 300.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRangeReportableRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 750 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-200 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-200 mU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-700 mU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 2nd IRP67/343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 2nd IRP67/343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 2nd IRP67/343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 1s1 IS 87/684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td></tr></table>

Precision: The assay exhibits total precision of $\leq 1 0 \%$ CV at $\tt E P O$ concentrations $>$ 3mlU/mL. Assay precision was tested at concentrations from approximately $\mathfrak { g }$ to 475 mlU/mL. The within-run imprecision ranged from $1 . 8 \%$ CV to $8 . 7 \%$ CV. Total imprecision ranged from $2 . 6 \%$ CV to $8 . 7 \%$ CV.

Analytical Sensitivity: The lowest detectable level of EPO distinguishable from zero (Access EPO Calibrator S0) is $\leq 0 . 6 m | | \Delta / m L$ .

Diluton Recovery LinearitDilutin recoverystudies were perfoed by diluting multple human serum and plasma (heparin) samples at various levels with Access EPO Calibrator S0. Sample mean recovery values for ll serum and plasma samples, were within the range of $1 0 0 \pm 1 5 \%$ .

Methods Comparison: Internal and external site comparison studies run with both the Access EPO and RDS Quantikine ELISA assays demonstrated acceptable agreement and the following statistical data.

Intal teStuSlo1.01, interpt395, an correlatin coecient 0.988. For this study $N = 1 0 3$ with an EPO concentration range of approximately 3 to 182 mlU/mL.

Exteal Site Study:Slope of 1.1216, intercept of 2.4168, and correlation coefficient (r) o 0.995. For this study N=113 with an EPO concentration range of approximately 3 to 193 mlU/mL.

Analytical Specificity: There was no significant interference from therapeutic drugs or similar compounds in the Access EPO assay. In addition, there was no significant interference from potential samplecontaminants total protein, bilirubin, hemoglobin, and triglycerides).

Stability: EPO reagents are stable for 28 days after opening and calibrators are stable for 90 days after opening. The calibration curve is stable for 28 days.

# Conclusion:

The EPO Assay and EPO Calibrators on the Access Immunoassay Systems is substantially equivalent to the predicates for the measurement of EPO in human serum and plasma.

# OCT -6 2006

Ms. Lynn Weist Staff Regulatory Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

Re: k052223 Trade/Device Name: Access $^ { \textregistered }$ EPO Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 7 2 5 0$ Regulation Name: Erythropoietin Assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: GGT, JIT Dated: August 30, 2006 Received: August 31, 2006

Dear Ms. Weist:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

lobuthBeckerh

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PK.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K052223

Device Name: Access® EPO Assay

Indications for Use:

The Access® EPO assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of erythropoietin levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This assay is intended as an aid in the diagnosis of anemias and polycythemias. With the advent of the administration of recombinant erythropoietin as a biologic therapy to increase red blood cell mass, an erythropoietin assay may be used also to aid in the prediction and monitoring of response to recombinant erythropoietin treatment in persons with anemias.

The Access EPO calibrators are intended to calibrate the Access EPO assay for the quantitative determination of EPO levels in human serum and plasma (heparin) using the Access Immunoassay Systems.

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diaghostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510k) K052223

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)