# Section H

# 510(k) Summary for VisuLize™M Factor VIl Antigen Kit (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitted By:

Affinity Biologicals Inc. 1395 Sandhill Drive Ancaster, ON Canada, L9G 4V5 Phone: 905-304-9896 Fax: 905-304-9897

# Contact Person:

Denise Foulon, Scientific Director Phone: 905-304-9896 Fax: 905-304-9897

# Summary Prepared:

September 30, 2005

Name of the Device:

VisuLizeTM Factor VIII Antigen Kit Common Name: Factor VII ELISA assay

# Classification of Device:

Class I1   
21 CFR 864.7290, Factor Deficiency Test Subpart H, Hematology Kits and Packages Product Code: GGP

# Predicate Device:

Coamatic $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Factor VIII, K981038 Instrumentation Laboratory Co.

# Device Description:

The VisuLize™ Factor VIl Antigen kit is a sandwich enzymelinked immuno-sorbent assay (ELISA) using a polyclonal antibody coated 96-microwell format. Plasma samples are diluted and applied to the pre-coated wells. After washing away unbound proteins, a horseradish peroxidase (HRP) labelled polyclonal antibody is applied to detect the captured Factor ViII. A chromogenic substrate (TMB) is added to allow for color development. The color formed is measured spectrophotometrically at $4 5 0 \mathsf { n m }$ , with the absorbance being directly proportional to the concentration of Factor Vill that was in the sample.

Device Intended Use:

The VisuLize™M Factor Vill Antigen Kit is an Enzyme Immunoassay for the quantitative determination of Factor VII Antigen in human plasma samples and Factor Vill concentrates using the double antibody enzyme linked immuno-sorbent assay (ELISA).

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

A technical comparison of the proposed device and the predicate device is illustrated in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VisuLizeT Factor VII Antigen Kit(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coamatic Factor Vill assay(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative determination (in IU/mL)of Factor Vill antigen by sandwichELISA (polyclonal - polyclonal HRP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative determination (inIU/mL) of Factor VIll activity byFactor Xa chromogenic activityassay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An enzyme immunoassay for thequantitative determination of FactorVIII antigen in human plasmasamples and Factor VIli concentratesusing the double antibody enzymelinked immuno-sorbent assay(ELISA).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the photometric determinationof factor Vill activity in plasmasuch as when identifying factor VIIIdeficiency or monitoring patientson replacement therapy as well asfor potency estimation of FVIIIconcentrates.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Double antibody enzyme linkedimmuno-sorbent assay (ELISA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chromogenic based assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human plasma derived from bloodcollected into 3.2% buffered citrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human plasma derived from blood(9 vol blood mixed with 1 vol0.1mol/L citrate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intra-assayprecision (CV%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.97 - 6.77%(mean results)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4- 3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inter-assayprecision (CV%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.38 - 6.66%(mean results)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 - 5.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Log-log curve, R²{ ≥ 0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 IU/mL (0.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal range: 0.05 IU/mLLow range: 0.005 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability ofCalibratorPlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator plasma is standardizedagainst a secondary standard that istraceable to the WHO InternationalStandard for Factor VIll Antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not provided with kit.</td></tr></table>

The technological difference between the 2 devices does not raise concerns regarding safety and effectiveness as the ELISA method is a well-characterized technology. Secondly, the performance evaluation carried out on the proposed device further supports its safety and effectiveness.

# Clinical Performance Comparison:

The clinical performance of the VisuLize™M Factor VIl Antigen Kit versus the Coamatic $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Factor VIll assay was compared to demonstrate substantial equivalence. Testing of clinical samples across the entire detection range was conducted internally and by two external testing sites. The results obtained by the three testing sites demonstrated excellent correlations between the proposed and predicate devices, as illustrated in the following table:

Summary of all Clinical Data from 3 Testing Sites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTERNALTESTING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTERNALTESTING SITE #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTERNALTESTING SITE #2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson Product Momentcorrelation co-efficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.968</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.964</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: Based on the technical comparison and clinical performance results, it is concluded that the VisuLize™m Factor VIll Antigen kit is substantially equivalent to the Coamatic $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Factor VIII assay.

Ms. Denise Foulon Scientific Director Affinity Biologicals, Inc. 1395 Sandhill Drive Ancaster, Ontario Canada, L9G 4V5

JAN 2 0 2006

Re: k052825 Trade/Device Name: VisuLizeTM Factor VIII Antigen Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR§ 864.7290 Regulation Name: Factor deficiency test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGP Dated: December 5, 2005 Received: December 6, 2005

Dear: Ms. Foulon

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

Robath Becker

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PK.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications For Use Statement

K053825

# 510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: VisuLizeT Factor VIIl Antigen Kit

Indications for Use:

The VisuLize™M Factor Vill Antigen Kit is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative determination of Factor VIll antigen in human plasma samples and Factor Vill concentrates using the double antibody enzyme linked immuno-sorbent assay (ELISA).