# Premarket Notification 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness [As Required By 21 CFR 807.92(a)]

I. Submitter & Belmont Instrument Corporation Manufacturing Site: 780 Boston Road Billerica, MA 01821

Establishment Registration Number: 1219702

2. Contact Person: Uraiwan P. Labadini, Quality Assurance/Regulatory Affairs Manager

Telephone: (978) 663-0212 Ext. 28 Fax: (978) 663-0214

3. Trade Name: Belmont buddy™ Fluid Warmer

Common name: Nonelectromagnetic Blood or Fluid Warming Device

5. Classification name: Blood/Fluid Warmer

Product Code: 81BSB Device Class: Classified as a Class II device per Federal Register July, 1978.

7. Legally marketed predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed: Belmont Instrument Corporation Microheater marketed as Belmont buddy™ Fluid Warmer.

8. Brief Description: The Belmont buddy™ Fluid Warmer is a portable in-line blood and fluid warmer. It consists of three components, a heater unit, a power module which powers the heater unit and displays alarm and status messages, and a single-use disposable heat exchanger set. The heating technology used is resistive heating of two plates within the heater unit.

The buddy™ Fluid Warmerwarms intra-venous fluids, including blood and blood products, to physiological temperature, and monitors fluid temperature. It also senses lack of IV fluid flow, or empty set, and a number of internal fault conditions including over-heating, loss of electrical connection to the heater, and failure to heat. The device stops heating and alarms if an alarm or fault condition occurs. The system provides the user with alarm, alarm message, temperature, and other operating information via a bright alphanumeric display.

The sterile disposable set is placed in-line between a standard IV line at its input and a user-supplied cannula or IV infusion set at its output. The input can come from a gravity fed IV line with roller clamp and drip chamber, external to the device and not supplied by Belmont Instrument Corp.

The device is intended for low flow applications where the flow rate is 6 liter/hour (100 ml/min) or less.

This premarket application describes a modification to the disposable set.

9. Intended Use: The buddy ™M Fluid Warmer intended use is for warming blood, blood products and intravenous solution prior to administration. It is intended to be used by healthcare professionals in clinical environments to prevent hypothermia.

10. Summary of the technological characteristics of the Belmont buddy™m Fluid Warmer:

The heater unit is powered with 15 V pulsed DC which is derived from 120 or 230 VAC, 47 - 63 Hz AC/DC Converter. The temperature of the infused fluids, visual and audible alarms, and other performance characteristics of the heater unit are controlled electronically. The disposable set consists of a molded frame to which a plastic film is bonded to one side and a microporous membrane is bonded to the other to form the fluid path. The disposable set has a sterile, non-pyrogenic fluid path, and is for single-patient use only.

# 11. Summary of Nonclinical Tests and Results

In order to verify performance of the Belmont buddy™ Fluid Warmer in support of substantial equivalence, the following tests were carried out:

a. Verify the ability ofthe system to warm cold fluids to physiological temperature. b. Verify the ability of the system to protect the patient and to detect and alarm at unsafe or ineffective operating conditions.

12. Conclusion: The modified Belmont buddy™M Fluid Warmer Blood/Fluid Warmer is substantially equivalent to the buddy™ Fluid Warmer which received 510(k) approval on July 2, 2003. Both systems have the same intended use, and are capable of heating blood products or intravenous fluids to physiological temperature. Both systems perform as intended according to the specifications of the device.

# OCT 1 3 2005

Mr. Uraiwan P. Labadini   
Quality Assurance/Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Belmont Instrument Corporation   
780 Boston Road   
Billerica, Massachusetts 01821

Re: K052547 Trade/Device Name: BELMONT BUDDY FLUID WARMER Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.9205 Regulation Name: Blood and plasma warming device Regulatory Class: II Product Code: BSB Dated: September 14, 2005 Received: September 16, 2005

Dear Mr. Labadini:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Page 2 - Mr. Labadini

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0115. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, DuCs

Director   
Division of Anesthesiology, General Hospital,   
Infection Control and Dental Devices   
Office of Device Evaluation   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K052547

Device Name: Belmont buddy T Fluid Warmer

Indications For Use:

buddy™m Fluid Warmer intended use is for warming blood, blood products and intravenous solution prior to administration. It is intended to be used by healthcare professionals in clinical environments to prevent hypothermia.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)