# 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K060375

# Submitter Information

# Submitter:

BD Biosciences 2350 Qume Drive San Jose, CA 95131

# Contact:

Carter Navarro Regulatory Affairs Specialist Tel: 408.954.2469 Fax: 408.954.2495 carter_navarro@bd.com

Summary Date: February 9, 2006

# Device Name and Classification

Trade Name: BD Multitest 6-color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes   
Classification Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.5220   
Product Code: GKZ

# Substantially Equivalent Predicate Device

BD Multitest 6-color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes is substantially equivalent to BD Multitest IMK kit (K980858) when used with the BD FACSCanto system with BD FACSCanto clinical software (K041074).

# Device Description

The BD Multitest 6-Color TBNK reagent is a six-color direct immunofluorescence reagent for use with the BD FACSCanto system to identify and determine the percentages and absolute counts (using BD Trucount tubes) of T, B, and natural killer (NK) cells as well as the CD4 and CD8 subpopulations of T cells in peripheral blood.

When a known volume of whole blood is added to the reagent in a BD Trucount tube, the fluorochrome-labeled antibodies in the reagent bind specifically to leucocyte surface antigens. The stained samples are treated with BD FACS lysing solution to lyse erythrocytes, and the lyophilized pellet in the BD Trucount tube dissolves, releasing a known number of fluorescent beads.

During acquisition, the cells and beads travel past two laser beams and scatter the laser light. The stained cells and beads fluoresce at different intensities. These scatter and fluorescence signals, detected by the flow cytometer, provide information about each cel's size, internal complexity, and relative fluorescence intensity. During analysis, the absolute number $( \mathsf { c e l l s } / \mu \mathrm { L } )$ of positive cells in the sample can be determined by comparing cellular events to bead events.

# Intended Use

BD Multitest 6-Color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes is intended for in vitro diagnostic use with the BD FACSCanto system to identify and determine the percentages and absolute counts of T, B, and natural killer (NK) cells as well as the CD4 and CD8 subpopulations of T cells in peripheral blood.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:BD Multitest IMK Kit withBD Trucount Tubes (K980858 )and BD FACSCanto System withBD FACSCanto Clinical Software(K041074)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate:BD Multitest 6-Color TBNKReagent with BD Trucount Tubes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identification and determination ofpercentages and absolute counts of thefollowing mature human lymphocytesubsets in erythrocyte-lysed wholeblood: T lymphocytes (CD3+,CD3+CD4+, and CD3+CD8+), Blymphocytes (CD3-CD19+), and NKlymphocytes (CD3-CD16+CD56+).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Components(includingCluster Designation,Conjugation, andClone)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD MultitestCD3/CD16+CD56/CD45/CD19(1 vial, 50 tests)•  CD3 FITC (SK7)CD16 PE (B73.1) +CD56 PE (NCAM16.2)CD45 PerCP (2D1)CD19 APC (SJ25C1)Buffer with 0.1% sodium azideBD MultitestCD3/CD8/CD45/CD4(1 vial, 50 tests)•  CD3 FITC (SK7)CD8 PE (SK1)CD45 PerCP (2D1)CD4 APC (SK3)Buffer with 0.1% sodium azideBD FACS Lysing SolutionBD Trucount Tubes (100 tubes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD Multitest 6-Color TBNK Reagent(1 vial, 50 tests)•  CD4 PE-Cy7 (SK3)CD8 APC-Cy7 (SK1)CD3 FITC (SK7)CD19 APC (SJ25C1)CD16 PE (B73.1) +CD56 PE (NCAM16.2)CD45 PerCP-Cy5.5 (2D1)Buffer with 0.1% sodiumazideBD Trucount Tubes (50 tubes)BD FACS Lysing Solution(not included with reagent)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificities of antibodies have beenverified by the International Workshopon Human Leukocyte DifferentiationAntigens.1,2,3,4.5,6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method to IdentifyPopulations ofInterest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyse/no-wash method using a two-tubepanel with four-color antibody reagents(one tube stained withCD3/CD16+CD56/CD45/CD19, theother with CD3/CD8/CD45/CD4) toidentify lymphocytes with specific cell-surface antigens, fluorescencetriggering, and CD45 vs. SSC forgating. Uses fluorescent beads toquantify absolute counts.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, except uses a one-tube panelwith six-color antibody reagent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommend use of commerciallyavailable whole blood control withestablished values for subsetpercentages and absolute counts.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommend use of two levels ofcommercially available whole bloodcontrols with established values forsubset percentages and absolutecounts.BD specifically recommends the useof BD Multi-Check and BD Multi-Check CD4 Low controls.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument andSoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSCanto flow cytometer withBD FACSCanto clinical softwareversion 1.0.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, except uses version 2.0 of BDFACSCanto clinical software.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Setup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSCanto flow cytometer withBD FACSCanto clinical softwareversion 1.0 andBD FACS 7-color setup beads.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, except uses version 2.0 of BDFACSCanto clinical software.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample and StainStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anticoagulated blood stored at roomtemperature (2025°C) must be stainedwithin 48 hours of draw and thenanalyzed within 24 hours of staining.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anticoagulated blood stored at roomtemperature (20--25°C) must bestained within 24 hours of draw andthen analyzed within 6 hours ofstaining.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CD3+, CD3+CD4+, and CD3+CD8+ Tlymphocytes; CD3-CD19+ Blymphocytes, and CD3-CD16+CD56+NK lymphocytes expressed aspercentages of total lymphocytes or asabsolute counts (cells/μL) in wholeblood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythrocyte-lysed whole blood,collected in K3 EDTA blood collectiontubes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

Substantial equivalence and the performance of BD Multitest 6-color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes have been demonstrated through accuracy, precision, linearity, and sample and stain stability studies.

# Accuracy

The accuracy study design was based on NCCLS document EP9-A2, Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. The predicate method was BD Multitest IMK kit (K980858) on the BD FACSCanto system with BD FACSCanto clinical software (K041074).

Lymphocyte Subset Percentages   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LymphocyteSubset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Bias (%)(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range for Test System(%)(Predicate System)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1(-0.1, 0.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51 - 66.86(0.81 68.67)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8(-1.0, -0.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.77 - 83.43(10.91 -83.09)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.2(-0.4, 0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.81  88.45(33.12  89.51)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3(0.2, 0.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 - 35.89(0.08 -35.77)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1(-0.3, 0.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.44  51.47(3.04 - 50.84)</td></tr></table>

Lymphocyte Subset Absolute Counts   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LymphocyteSubset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Bias (%)Range for Test System (cells/μL)(Predicate System)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.7(-4.2, -1.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.39  1592.79(6.23 - 1590.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.5(-4.4, -2.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.79 - 2416.16(57.91 - 2194.02)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.9(-2.6, -1.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.14 - 3403.08(108.74  3231.05)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8(0.3, 3.3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 1207.49(0.42 - 1199.38)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.3(-4.1, 0.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7 - 918.43(7.94 -955)</td></tr></table>

Precision

The precision study design was based on NCCLS document EP5-A, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices; Approved Guideline.

Repeatability of Lymphocyte Subset Percentages   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte Subset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low SampleSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal SampleSD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>062</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td></tr></table>

Within-Device Precision for Lymphocyte Subset Percentages   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte Subset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low SampleSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal SampleSD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td></tr></table>

Repeatability of Lymphocyte Subset Absolute Counts   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte Subset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Sample%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Sample%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr></table>

Within-Device Precision of Lymphocyte Subset Absolute Counts   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte Subset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Sample%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Sample%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr></table>

Linearity

The linearity study design was based on NCCLS document EP6-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Analytical Methods; Approved Guideline. Concentration levels were established based on an expected $\mathrm { C D 4 + }$ range of 200 to $3 { \mathrm { , 0 0 0 ~ c e l l s / \mu L } }$

Lymphocyte Subset Linear Ranges for Absolute Counts   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LymphocyteSubset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Range(cells/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R^{}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 -2,234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158 - 1,125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498  3,356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71-447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD16+CD56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-1,559</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

# Sample and Stain Stability

Whole blood should be collected aseptically by venipuncture using $\mathbf { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA blood collection tubes. Anticoagulated blood stored at room temperature $( 2 0 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ must be stained within 24 hours of draw and then analyzed within 6 hours of staining.

# Conclusions from Performance Data

BD Multitest 6-color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# JUN -6 2006

BD Biosciences   
c/o Mr. Carter Navarro   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist 2350 Qume Dr.   
San Jose, CA 95131-1807

Re: k060375 Trade/Device Name: BD Multitest 6-color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: February 10, 2006 Received: February 13, 2006

Dear Mr. Navarro:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mane then for Ar Robnt Becter

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number: K060375

Device Name: BD Multitest 6-color TBNK reagent with BD Trucount tubes

# Indications For Use:

For use with the BD FACSCanto flow cytometer.   
• For use with whole blood collected in K3 EDTA tubes.   
• For use in the identification and determination of percentages and absolute counts of T, B, and natural killer (NK) cells as well as the CD4 and CD8 subpopulations of T cells in peripheral blood.   
For in vitro diagnostic use.

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)