# 510(K) Summary CRYocheck™ Clot APCR™

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Theassignd 1o4

# Part A

1. Submitter's name, address, telephone, contact person, and the date the summary was prepared

Submitter's Name:

Precision BioLogic Inc.

Submitter's Address:

900 Windmill Road, Suite 100 Dartmouth, Nova Scotia B3B 1P7 Canada

Submitter's Telephone Number:

902-468-6422

Submitter's Contact Name:

Stephen L. Duff - Director of New Business Development   
Phone: 902468-6422 ext. 224   
Fax: 902-468-6421   
Email: sduff@precisionbiologic.com

Date of 510(k) Preparation:

February 2, 2006

Name of the device, including the trade or proprietary name, the common or usual name and the classification name

Device Name & Classification:

CRYOcheck Clot APCR

Common Name:

Activated Protein Resistance APCR) Screening Assay

Classification Name:

Hematology; Test, Time, Partial Thromboplastin Regulatory Class II

Identification of the legally marketed device to which the submitter claims substantial equivalence

Predicate Device Name:

GradiLeiden V   
510(k) number: K992456   
Regulation Number: 864.7925   
Regulatory Class: II   
Life Therapeutics Ltd.(formerly Gradipore Ltd.)   
22 Rodborough Road   
Frenchs Forest, NSW   
2086 Australia

# Description of the device

Device Description:

CRYOcheck Clot APCR consists of: EY $5 \times 2 . 0$ mL Activator Reagent (APC-AR) • 5 x 4.0 mL Russell's Viper Venom Reagent (APC-RV)

# Statement of the intended use of the device

Device Intended Use:

CRYocheck Clot APCR is a clotting assay intended to screen for resistance toactivated protein C in plasma from individuals with the factor VLeiden mutation.

Summary of the technological characteristics of the new device in comparison to those of the predicate device

Comparison to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>CRYOcheck Clot APCR</td><td>GradiLeiden V - (K992456)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>CRYOcheck Clot APCR is a clotting assay intended to screen for resistance to activated protein C in plasma from</td><td>GradiLeiden V is a simple, functional test system intended for screening of resistance to activated protein C in plasma from individuals</td></tr><tr><td>Format</td><td>individuals with the factor VLeiden mutation. Frozen</td><td>with the factor VLeiden defect. Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td>Volume</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5 x 2.0 mL Activator Reagent (APC-AR) 5 x 4.0 mL Russel&#x27;s Viper Venom Reagent</td><td>5 x 2.0 mL Activator Reagent</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(APC-RV)</td><td>5 x 4.0 mL PR3V Reagent</td></tr></table>

# Comments on Substantial Equivalence:

It is the opinion of Precision BioLogic Inc. that crrocheck Clot APCR is substantialy equivalent to GradiLeiden V, manufactured by Life Therapeutics (formerly Gradipore Ltd. Australia), andcurrently marketed in the United States by Rainbow Scientific. This opinion is based on the followina:

Both products are clot-based assays.   
Both products are intended to screen for resistance to activated protein C in citrated human plasma from individuals with the factor VLeden defect.   
Both methods rely on the activation of endogenous protein C.   
Both methods perform a dilute Russell's viper venom time (dRVT) on the plasma with saline and with activator to obtain a ratio which is used for interpretation of a diagnosis. Both products can be automated in 2 stage clotting test systems with similar activation and acquisition times.   
Both cryocheck Clot APCR and GradiLeiden V tests can be used with the same patient groups.   
Boteho ot equie  ent a

# Part B

# .Brief discussion of the non-clinical tests submitted, referenced, or relied on in the premarket notification submission for a determination of substantial equivalence

Non-clinical tests were performed in-house to determine precision, interferences, and stability. CRocheck Clot APCR showed comparable precision to that of the predicate, GradiLeiden V. Both devices demonstrated identical results whenchallenged withinterfering substances and factordeficiencies. Storage stabilityelectipdceg

# Brief discussion of the clinical tests submitted, referenced, or relied on in the premarket notification submission for a determination of substantial equivalence

Clinical tests were performed at Precision BioLogic and a USuniversiy hospitai-based clnical coagulation

Conclusions drawn from the non-clinical and clinical tests that demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, and as well or better than the legally marketed device identified in Part A (3)

cRYocheck Clot APCR and GradiLeiden V have the same intended use and can be used with the same sBeckosa GradiLeiden V in terms of intended use, method comparison, and overall performance characteristics. CRYocheck Clot APCR was compared to GradiLeidenVusing 207 clinical samples from the target population for the assay. A correlation of $R = 0 . 9 6 0$ was obtained.

Mr. Stephen L. Duff   
Director of New Business Development Precision BioLogic Inc.   
900 Windmill Road, Suite 100   
Dartmouth, Nova Scotia   
Canada B3B 1P7

Re: k060284 Trade/Device Name: CryoCheckTM Clot APCRTM Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 7 9 2 5$ Regulation Name: Partial Thromboplastin Time Tests Regulatory Class: II Product Code: GGW Dated: April 28, 2006 Received: May 2, 2006

Dear Mr. Duff:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

fobatt Beckterh

Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# SECTION 4

Indications for Use 510(k) Number: K0600284 Device Name: CRYOcheck™ Clot APCR™

# Indications for Use:

CRYOcheck Clot APCR is a clotting assay intended to screen for resistance to activated protein C in citrated human plasma from individuals with the factor $V _ { L e i d e n }$ mutation.