# 510(k) SUMMARY

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>January 27, 2006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vision BioSystems, Inc.700 Longwater DriveNorwell, MA 02061</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ron LagerquistDirector, Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vision BioSystems Estrogen Receptor Clone 6F11(ER 6F11)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common/Usual/Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estrogen ReceptorImmunohistochemistry Reagents and Kits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ER 6F11 is a monoclonal mouse antibody thatdetects a human estrogen receptor epitope locatedin the nucleus of ER positive cells.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ER 6F11 is intended for in vitro diagnostic use for thequalitative detection of estrogen receptor in routinelyprocessed tissues. ER 6F11 is indicated as an aid inthe management, prognosis and prediction oftherapy outcome of breast cancer within the contextof the patient&#x27;s clinical history and other diagnostictests evaluated by a qualified pathologist.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substantial Equivalence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ER 6F11 is substantially equivalent to commerciallyavailable immunohistochemistry ER antibodies suchas Ventana Medical Systems Estrogen ReceptorClone 6F11, and DAKO Corporation MouseMonoclonal Estrogen Receptor Clone 1D5.ER 6F11 complies with the elements of FDAGuidance, &quot;Guidance for Submission ofImmunohistochemistry Applications to the FDA&quot; and,&quot;Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Use ofSymbols on Labels and in Labeling of In VitroDiagnostic Devices Intended for Professional Use.</td></tr></table>

# MAY 2 5 2006

Ronald F. Lagerquist, RAC Director, Regulatory Affairs Vision BioSystems, Inc. 700 Longwater Drive Norwell, MA 02061

Re: k060227 Trade/Device Name: Vision BioSystems Estrogen Receptor Clone 6F11 (ER 6F11 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 864.1860$ Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry Reagents and Kits Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MYA Dated: May 11, 2006 Received: May 12, 2006

Dear Mr. Lagerquist:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

fobathBeckerh

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

227   
510(k) Number K060277

Device Name:

Vision BioSystems Estrogen Receptor Clone 6F11 (ER 6F11)

Lyophilized Mouse Monoclonal Antibody Liquid Mouse Monoclonal Antibody Ready to Use Mouse Monoclonal Antibody Origin ™ Mouse Monoclonal Antibody

Indications for Use:

Vision BioSystems Estrogen Receptor Clone 6F11 (ER 6F11) Mouse Monoclonal antibody is intended for laboratory use to qualitatively identify by light microscopy, estrogen receptor (ER) antigen in sections of formalin fixed, paraffin embedded tissue. Estrogen Receptor Clone 6F11 specifically binds to the ER antigen located in the nucleus of ER positive normal and neoplastic cells.

ER 6F11 is indicated as an aid in the management, prognosis and prediction of therapy eutcome of breast cancer. The clinical interpretation of any staining or its absence should be complemented by morphological studies using proper and other diagnostic tests by a qualified pathologist.

Origin™ antibodies are optimized for use with the Ventana® Medical Systems, $N e \times E S ^ { \textregistered }$ and BenchMark ™M Immunohistochemistry Staining Systems in combination with Ventana® Detection Kits.

Prescription Use_ V Over-The-Counter Use at 1 CFR 8 Subpar NDOR (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)