# 510(k) Summary Additional Levels of COULTER® LIN-C® Linearity Controls

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Nancy Nadler   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
11800 SW 147 Avenue, M/C: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500   
Telephone: (305) 380-4191   
FAX: (305) 380-3618

2.0 Date Submitted:

April 14, 2006

3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names COULTER® LIN-C® Linearity Control

# 3.2 Classification Name

Hematology quality control mixture (21 CFR $\ S$ 864.8625)

4.0 Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocketNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LIN-C®Linearity Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LIN-C®Linearity Control(Cleared as COULTER®Linearity Controls)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K955334</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

LIN-C linearity controls are stabilized human blood components from which repeated measurements are made to verify the reportable range of Beckman Coulter hematology systems.

Beckman Coulter , Inc. 11800 S.W. 147th Avenue Miami, FL 33196-2500

Mailing Address: 11800 S.W. 147th Avenue P.O. Box 169015 Miami, FL 33116-9015

COULTER LIN-C linearity controls are intended to verify the reportable range of COULTER hematology analyzers listed in the TABLE OF EXPECTED RESULTS in conjunction with specific COULTER reagents. Refer to your Product Manuals or On-line Help System.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

The additional levels of COULTER LIN-C linearity controls are essentially identical to the current COULTER LIN-C linearity controls with the exception of the additional levels covering an extended cellular component range and the analyzers on which it may be used.

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution. Stability studies of COULTER LIN-C linearity controls support the Beckman Coulter stability claims of 7 open vial days and 120 closed vial days.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

MAY 17 2006

Ms. Nancy Nadler   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
11800 SW 147 Avenue, M/S: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500

Re: k061064 Trade/Device Name: COULTER $\mathfrak { B }$ LIN-C Linearity Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 8 6 2 5$ Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JPK Dated: April 14, 2006 Received: April 17, 2006

Dear Ms. Nadler:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2 -

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

fobutt Beckerh

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PK.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K061064

Device Name:COULTER® LIN-C® Linearity Control 4.n

Indications For Use:COULTER LIN-C linearity controls are intended to verify the reportable range of COULTER hematology analyzers listed in the TABLE OF EXPECTED RESULTS in conjunction with specific COULTER reagents. Refer to your Product Manuals or On-line Help System.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of 1

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
5101) K061064