# FEB 2 0 2007

# 510(K) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(c).

Submitted by:   
BioImagene, Inc.   
1601 S. De Anza Blvd. Suite 212 Cupertino, CA 95014   
United States   
Contact Person   
Anna Longwell   
Longwell and Associates   
1900 Embarcadero Road, Suite 107   
Palo Alto, CA 94303   
Tel 650.213.9162   
FAX 650.213.9164   
anna.longwell@fdclaw.com

Date Summary Prepared: 25 August 2006   
Date Summary Revised: 11 January 2007

Trade Name: PATHIAM Image Analysis Software for Her2/neu

Classification Name: Unknown

Device Description:   
PATHIAM software is a standalone software application that will work on a system with   
the following features required but not provided:

#

• Processor: $2 . 4 \ : \mathrm { G H z }$ , Pentium IV equivalent   
• Memory: 512 MB RAM   
o Operating System: Windows 2000 or later   
• Hard Drive: minimum 100MB for software installation, 20GB for image storage LAN connectivity, minimum 100 MBPS (recommended), support for USB interface, support for HTTP, TCP/P protocols (using the Operating system) High Speed Graphic Accelerator Card (1024 X 768) 17" High resolution display monitor 24 bit color depth Font Setting: Small font (DPI setting: 96 DPI)

# Digitizing Equipment: Camera

Resolution: at least 2048 x 1536 pixels • Frame rate: 20 fps $@$ 1200 x 768 resolution (6 fps $@$ 2048 x 1536 resolution) Sampling Frequency of 6.26 square $^ { \prime } \mu \mathrm { m }$

Compression format: JPEG 2000, BMP, TIFF. JPEG . Color: 24-bit (R, G, B) − Connection to computer

# Digitizing Equipment: Digital Side Scanner

• Input Format: 25X75mm microscope slides   
• Resolution: 54,000 pixel/inch with 20X objective   
• Method: Line-scanning   
• File Format: TIFF/JPEG2000; compliant with TIFF 6.0 standard. • Color: 24-bit (R,G, B)   
• Connectivity: 100/1000 MBPS Ethernet   
Compression format: JPEG 2000, BMP, TIFF. JPEG

The software allows both archiving of the digital image, and semi quantitative analysis of extent and intensity of stained tissue, providing the pathologist with an aid to interpretation of level of expression of Her2/neu in breast cancer tissue. The pathologist is presented with a digital image of the tissue section and a suggested staining score (0 to 3). The pathologist then makes an assessment of the digital image and reports his/her score.

# Indications for Use:

BioImagene PATHIAM is intended for use as an accessory to the Dako HercepTest $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ to aid a pathologist in semi-quantitative measurement of HER2/neu (c-erbB-2) in Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. When used with the Dako HercepTest it is indicated as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom Herceptin $\mathfrak { Q }$ (Trastuzumab)treatmet s being considered.

NOTE: The actual correlation of the Dako HercepTest to Herceptin clinical outcome has not been established.

# Predicate Devices:

Software Her2/neu application of ChromaVision Medical Systems, Inc. Automated Cellular Imaging System (ACIS) for Her2/neu, K032113

# Performance

a. Between laboratory reproducibility: PATHIAM software was tested by three different pathologists, who analyzed images of the same set of 176 stained breast cancer tissue specimens using three different imaging systems in three different laboratories located at three different sites in the US. One laboratory used a microscope with a camera, and two used different models of digital whole slide scanners. The score distribution for these samples, as determined initially, was 1/6 of samples score 0, 1/3 of samples score 1, 1/3 of samples score 2, and $1 / 6$ of samples score 3.

Overall agreement for the PATHIAM values between labs ranged from $94 \%$ to $9 5 \%$ (Table 1). For pathologist assisted by PATHIAM, overall agreement

between labs was $8 1 \%$ to $96 \%$ (Table 2). Overall agreement between laboratories for a manual (microscope assessment only) value ranged from $76 \%$ to $9 7 \%$ (Table 3).

Table 1. Between-Lab Agreement for Raw PATHIAM- Scores, HercepTest®- stained Breast Tissue   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab # vs. Lab#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval(Exact)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1v2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91-98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 v 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 v 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89-97</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Between-Lab Agreement for Pathologist Assisted by PATHIAM Scores, HercepTest-stained Breast Tissue   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab # vs. Lab#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval(Exact)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1v2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92-98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1v3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 v3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74-89</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Between-Lab Agreement for Manual Scores, HercepTest-stained Breast Tissue   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab # vs. Lab #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval(Exact)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1v2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93-99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1v3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69-82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2v 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71-84</td></tr></table>

b. Comparison with manual (microscope assessment only) Her2-neu scores were obtained for those same breast cancer tissues from a review of PATHIAM values by the same three trained pathologists, who viewed both the digital images and the score provided by the software, and theri selected an appropriate Her2-neu tissue score (0 to 3). One week later, the same pathologist read the same slides manually, using an optical microscope. The table shows the comparison.

Table 4. Percent Agreement Between PATHIAM-Assisted and Manual Scores, HercepTest $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ -stained Breast Tissue   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval(Exact)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-87</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78-89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76-88</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Percent Agreement between PATHIAM raw scores and Manual Scores, HercepTest-stained breast Tissue   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% OverallAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Confidence Interval(Exact)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74-86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77-88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71-84</td></tr></table>

c. Conclusion: It can be seen that the agreement of the manual scores compared to the PATHIAM raw scores (Table 5) is more consistent than the inter-pathologist comparison of manual scores (Table 3). Consistency is improved when the PATHIAM score assists the pathologist in their interpretation (Table 2).

The comparison of PATHIAM raw scores across the three different setups in three different laboratories is very good (Table 1). Differences may be due to the selection by the pathologists of different fields of view for the analyses.

ec ivie re insert.

e. Substantial equivalence: Table 6 shows a comparison of attributes between PATHIAM and the predicate

Table 6. Comparison to Predicate Devices to Support Substantial Equivalence Determination   

<table><tr><td>Attribute</td><td>ACIS Her2/neu software component</td><td>PATHIAM</td></tr><tr><td>Intended use</td><td>The imaging software is intended to detect and classify cells of clinical interest by analyzing digital images of microscope slides based on object identification of cellular</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">objects of particularintensity, shape, size andcolor. The software can beused with a computer andimage digitizer withfeatures specified in thelabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As an accessory to an assaywhich is indicated as an aidin the assessment of breastcancer patients for whomHerceptin treatment isconsidered</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">As an accessory to the DakoHercepTest® to aid apathologist in semi-quantitative measurement ofHER2/neu (c-erbB-2) inFormalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancertissue.When used with the DakoHercepTest it is indicated asan aid in the assessment ofbreast cancer patients forwhom Herceptin(Trastuzumab) treatment isbeing considered.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded specimensstained byimmunohistochemistryreagent for Her2/neu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image Analysis System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Histologic observation by apathologist through acontrolledmicroscope/digital cameracombination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Histologic observation by apathologist through aspecified microscope/digitalcamera combination or slidescanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method of Cell Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric patternrecognition by microscopicexamination of preparedcells by size, shape, hueand intensity as observed bya computer-assistedmicroscope and by visualobservation by a health careprofessional</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Object identification of adigitized filed of view of apathology slide, using size,shape, color and intensity asobserved by a software andby visual observation of thedigitized image by a healthcare professional.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hardware components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Computer, microscope,color monitor, keyboard,automatic storage ofacquired images</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Required but not provided:computer, eithermicroscope with digitizingcamera or slide scanner,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">keyboard, mouse, hi-resolution color monitor,and hard drive for storage.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAKO HercepTest</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

f. Standards Employed: None under Section 514 gFDA Guidance Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software contained in Medical Devices, May 11, 2005

Biolmagene, Inc. c/o Ms. Anna Longwell Longwell and Associates 1900 Embarcadero Rd Suite 107 Palo Alto, CA 94303

# FEB 2 0 2007

Re: k062756 Trade/Device Name: PATHIAMTM Imaging Software for Her2/neu Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.1860 Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry Reagents and Kits Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NOT Dated: February 12, 2007 Received: February 13, 2007

Dear Ms. Longwell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The

Page 2 -

FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Rbat Beder

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K062756

Device Name: PATHIAM™ Imaging software for Her2/neu

Indications For Use:

Biolmagene PATHIAM is intended for use as an accessory to the Dako HercepTest® to aid a pathologist in semi-quantitative measurement of HER2/neu (c-erbB-2) in Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. When used with the Dako HercepTest it is indicated as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom Herceptin® (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered. NOTE: The actual correlation of the Dako HercepTest to Herceptin clinical outcome has not been established. .

# Intended Use:

The imaging software is intended to detect and classify cells of clinical interest by analyzing digitized images of microscope slides based on recognition of cellular objects of particular color, size and shape. The software can be used with a computer and image digitizer with features specified in the labeling.

Prescription Use__X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR