# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is: k063356

# 1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation

Manufacturer:

Dade Behring Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714

Contact Information:

Dade Behring Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714 Attn: Pamela A. Jurga Tel: 302-631-8891

Date of Preparation:

March 19, 2007

2. Device Name / Classification

Stratus $\otimes$ CS Acute CareTM D-dimer (DDMR) TestPak / Class I Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute Care™M D-dimer (DDMR) CalPak (the assay calibrator) / Class II Stratu CS Acute Care D-dimer (DDMR) DilPak (the assay diluent)/Class I

Classification Name:

Fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products test systems and associated calibrator and diluent

Common/Usual Name:

D-dimer assay and calibrator and diluent

# Proprietary Name:

• Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM D-dimer (DDMR) TestPak • Stratus® CS Acute CareTM D-dimer (DDMR) CalPak • Stratus® CS Acute CareTM D-dimer (DDMR) DilPak

3. Identification of the Predicate Device

# Dade Behring Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR TestPak and DilPak K022976/K051597

Dade Behring Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR CalPak K022977

# FDA Guidance Document(s):

"Bundling Multiple Devices or Multiple Indications in a Single Submission" - 11/26/2003

# 4. Device Description(s):

# Method

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM DDMR procedure is a two-site sandwich assay based upon solid phase Radial Partition Immunoassay (RPIA) technology. In this procedure, dendrimer linked monoclonal antibody is added to the center portion of a square piece of glass fiber paper in the DDMR TestPak. This antibody recognizes a distinct antigenic site on the D-dimer molecule. Sample is then added onto the paper where it reacts with the immobilized antibody. After a short incubation, a conjugate, consisting of enzyme-labeled monoclonal antibody directed against a second distinct antigenic site on the DDMR molecule is pipetted onto the reaction zone of the paper. During this second incubation period, enzyme-labeled antibody reacts with the bound D-dimer, forming an antibody-antigen-labeled antibody sandwich. The unbound, labeled antibody is later eluted from the field of view of the Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS analyzer by applying a substrate wash solution, to the center of the reaction zone. By including substrate for the enzyme within the wash solution, initiation of the enzyme activity occurs simultaneously with the wash. The enzymatic rate of the bound fraction increases directly with the concentration of D-dimer in the sample. The reaction rate can then be measured by an optical system that monitors the reaction rate via front surface fluorescence. All data analysis functions are performed by the microprocessor within the analyzer.

# Calibrator

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute Care™M DDMR calibrator (DDMR CalPak) contains D-dimer in a liquid buffered bovine protein matrix with stabilizers and $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide. The DDMR CalPak is a single-use product which contains one calibrator level at an approximate concentration of 3500 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ in each of three wells. The kit consists of five CalPaks at a single calibrator level.

# Diluent

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute Care™ DDMR Diluent (DDMR DilPak) contains a liquid buffered bovine protein matrix with stabilizers and $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide.The kit consists of 5 DilPaks with diluent in one well.

# 5. Device Intended Use:

# Method

The Stratus® CS Acute CareTM D-dimer (DDMR) method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of cross-linked fibrin degradation products (D-dimer) in human citrated or heparinized plasma. The Stratus $\mathfrak { Q }$ CS Acute Care™M DDMR method is intended for use as an aid in

the diagnosis of venous thrombembolism (VTE) [deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE)]. This method is for use by trained health care professionals in the clinical laboratory and point of care (POC) settings.

# Calibrator

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute Care™M D-dimer Calibrator (DDMR CalPak), Catalog No. CDDMR-C, is an in vitro diagnostic product intended to be used for calibration of the Stratus® CS Acute CareTM Ddimer (DDMR) method.

# Diluent

The Stratus $\textcircled{8}$ CS Acute CareTM D-dimer Dilution Pak (DDMR DilPak), Catalog. No. CDDMR-D, is an in vitro diagnostic product intended to be used in conjunction with the Acute CareTM DDMR TestPak Catalog. No. CDDMR, for the measurement of samples with elevated D-dimer levels.

6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed:

Substantial Equivalence:

The products are substantially equivalent to the commercial Dade Behring Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR TestPaks, CalPaks and DilPaks.

Dade Behring Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR TestPak and DilPak K022976/K051597 Dade Behring Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR CalPak K022977

# Method

The Stratus® CS Acute CareTM DDMR Test Pak is substantially equivalent in the principle of operation and performance to the current Dade Behring Stratus $\circledast$ CS DDMR TestPak (K022976/K051597). Both assays are in vitro diagnostic tests for the quantitative measurement of cross-linked fibrin degradation products (D-dimer) in human citrated or heparinized plasma. The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR method is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of venous thromboembolism (VTE) [deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE)]..

There are no formulation or design changes associated with the DDMR TestPak intended use change. The two products are identical and use the same manufacturing processes. Labeling changes reflect the new intended use, supporting data and new name in addition to minor format changes.

Precision and accuracy data generated by "non-laboratory" personnel is comparable to precision and accuracy data generated by "laboratory" personnel supporting the addition of point of care to the intended use.

# Calibrator

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute Care™M DDMR calibrator (DDMR CalPak) is substantially equivalent in the principle of operation and performance to the current Dade Behring Stratus $\mathfrak { W }$ CS DDMR CalPak (K022977). Both calibrators are intended to be used to calibrate the DDMR assay.

There are no formulation or design changes associated with the DDMR CalPak name change. The two calibrator products are identical and use the same manufacturing processes. Labeling changes reflect the new name in addition to minor format changes.

# Diluent

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM DDMR Dil Pak is substantially equivalent in the principle of operation and performance to the current Dade Behring Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS DDMR DilPak (K022976). Both diluents are intended to be used in conjunction with the DDMR TestPaks for the measurement of samples with elevated levels of D-Dimer.

There are no formulation or design changes associated with DDMR DilPak name change. The two diluent products are identical and use the same manufacturing processes. Labeling changes reflect the new name in addition to minor format changes.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

Method comparison and precision analyses were performed at three different locations (clinical laboratory (LAB, Emergency Department (ED) and Cardiac Care Unit (CCU) within three external evaluation sites.

Reproducibility Point of Care Data Subset 2

Point of Care Site 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Locations / Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)[μg/L) FÉU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WR SD (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>481.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.48(2.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.12(3.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ED - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>526.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.06(4.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.85(4.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCU - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>512.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.96(7.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.96(7.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2375.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.79(5.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>228.13(9.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ED - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2539.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.45(3.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114.29(4.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCU - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2541.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.67(7.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.67(7.4)</td></tr></table>

Point of Care Site 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Locations / Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)[μg/LFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WR SD (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.86(3.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.11(6.4)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ED - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>468.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.29(4.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.55(5.0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCU - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>482.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.40(1.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.70(2.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2433.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.51(3.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.14(4.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ED - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2350.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.89(4.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.73(6.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCU - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2356.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.46(6.0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.46(6.0)</td></tr></table>

Point of Care Site 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Locations / Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)[μg/LI FEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WR SD (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD (%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.63(2.4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.94(3.6)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ED - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>484.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.80(3.1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.80(3.1)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCU - Plasma Pool L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.90(3.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.72(4.3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2254.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.50(3.8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.48(4.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ED - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2404.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.61(3.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.84(3.9)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CCU - Plasma Pool L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2316.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.43(4.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.43(4.6)</td></tr></table>

1 Number of samples tested $= 2 0$ 2 Point of Care precision data collected and analyzed per NCCLS/CLIS EP15-A: 4 reps per day for 5 days.

Correlation Regression Statistics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interceptng/mL [μg/L]FEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardError of theRegression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab v ED^3$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12 ± 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.4 ±14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab v CCU^3$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09 ± 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-32.2 ± 25.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGelow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab v ED4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93 ± 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.01 ± 16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab v CCU4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91 ± 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-28.9 ± 25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentaYellow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGentaYo</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab v ED$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 ± 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.62 ±28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab v CCU^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 ± 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.75 ±22.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr></table>

3 range of results $= 3 6 - 4 2 2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ 4 range of results $\mathbf { \Sigma } = 1 3 3 - 3 9 7 4 ~ \mathbf { n g / m L }$ 5 range of results $= 5 6 - 4 7 7 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Y

This data and a summary of information on the operators and their training, from either the ED or CCU, i.. "non-lab operators supports the use of these products by trained health care professionals in the clinical laboratory and point of care (POC) settings.

# Conclusion:

The products listed in the following table are substantially equivalent based on their indications for use and performance characteristics. Precision and accuracy data generated by "non-laboratory" personnel is comparable to precision and accuracy data generated by "laboratory" personnel supporting the addition of point of care to the intended use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dade Behring Stratus® CS DDMR TestPak(K022976/K051597)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Stratus® CS Acute CareT DDMRTestPak</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stratus® CS DDMR CalPak (K022977)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stratus® CS Acute CareT DDMR CalPak</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stratus® CS DDMR DilPak (K022976)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stratus® CS Acute Care™M DDMR DilPak</td></tr></table>

Pamela A. Jurga Regulatory Affairs and Compliance Manager March 19, 2007

# MAR 2 3 2007

DADE BEHRING, INC. C/O Pamela A. Jurga P.O. Box 6101 Bldg 500; M.S. 514 Newark, Delaware 19714

Re: k063356 Trade/Device Name: Stratus $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Acute CareTM DDMR Test Pak Stratus $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Acute CareTM DDMR CalPak Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Acute CareTM DDMR DilPak Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7320 Regulation Name: Fibrinogen/Fibrin Degradation Products Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DAP Dated: November 1, 2006 Received: November 7, 2006

Dear Ms. Jurga:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special ontrols) or class Ⅲ (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally

Page 2 -

marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PhD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

HFZ-404 510(k) Staff HFZ- 440 Division D.O.

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number:

# K063356

# Device Name:

√ Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM DDMR TestPak Stratus $\mathfrak { P }$ CS Acute CareTM DDMR CalPak • Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM DDMR DilPak

# Indications For Use:

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute Care™M D-dimer (DDMR) method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of cross-linked fibrin degradation products (D-dimer) in human citrated or heparinized plasma. The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM DDMR method is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of venous thromboembolism (VTE) [deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism (PE). This method is for use by trained health care professionals in the clinical laboratory and point of care (POC) settings.

The Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM D-dimer Calibrator (DDMR CalPak) Catalog. No. CDDMR-C, is an in vitro diagnostic product intended to be used for calibration of the Stratus $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ CS Acute CareTM Ddimer (DDMR) method.

The Stratus $\textcircled{8}$ CS Acute CareTM D-dimer Dilution Pak (DDMR DilPak), Catalog. No. CDDMR-D, is an in vitro diagnostic product intended to be used in conjunction with the Acute CareTM DDMR TestPak, Catalog. No. CDDMR for the measurement of samples with elevated levels of D-Dimer.

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of 1

Jauphni Bautidi Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 210(k) K063356