# K070819

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.

VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

# Submitter:

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Clinical Diagnostics Group 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive, Hercules, California 94547 Phone: (510) 741-5309 FAX: (510) 741-6471

# Contact Person:

Jackie Buckley Regulatory Affairs Representative

Date of Summary Preparation:

March 23, 2007

Device Name:

VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program

Classification Name:

Assay, Glycosylated Hemoglobin, 81LCP

Predicate Device(s):

VARIANTTM II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Program (k) 040872   
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. VARIANTTM II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Program run on the VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin Testing System with CDM 4.0 (k) 063400   
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.

# Intended Use:

The Bio-Rad VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin Alc in human whole blood using ion-exchange high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is for use with the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System interfaced with an automated sample transport system.

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is for Professional Use Only.

Measurement of percent hemoglobin Alc is effective in monitoring long-term glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

# Description of the Device:

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System uses the principles of high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program is based on chromatographic separation of Hemoglobin A1c on a cation exchange cartridge. The reagents in the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program have the same formulation as the reagents in the VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Program.

# Technical Characteristics Compared to the Predicate:

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program and the predicate VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Program have the same technical characteristics that are summarized in the table belo

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VARIANT II TURBO LinkHemoglobin Alc Program</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VARIANT II TURBO HemoglobinA1c Program (k)040872 andVARIANT II TURBO HemoglobinAlc Program run withCDMTM 4.0(k) 063400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Measured: Reported</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Hemoglobin Alc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%Hemoglobin Alc</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBOLink hemoglobin Alc Program isintended for the percentdetermination of hemoglobin Alc inhuman whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquidchromatography (HPLC).The VARIANT II TURBO LinkHemoglobin AIc Program is for usewith the VARIANT II TURBOLink Hemoglobin Testing Systeminterfaced with an automatedsample transport system.The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBOlink Hemoglobin Alc Program isfor Professional Use Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBOHemoglobin Ajc Program is intendedfor the percent determination ofhemoglobin Alc in human whole bloodusing ion-exchange high performanceliquid chromatography (HPLC).The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBOHemoglobin Alc Program is intendedfor Professional Use Only. For In VitroDiagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cation exchange high performanceliquid chromatography</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cation exchange high performanceliquid chromatography</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents in kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reagent formulations are thesame as the predicate. In additionBuffer A can be purchased as aseparate kit and Buffer B can bepurchased individually.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit contains Analytical cartridge,Guard cartridge, Buffer A, Buffer B,Wash/Diluent Solution Set (soldseparately), Whole Blood Primer, andCalibrator/Diluent Set.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VARIANT II TURBO LinkHemoglobin Alc Program</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VARIANT II TURBO HemoglobinAlc Program (k)040872and (k) 063400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human anticoagulated whole blood(EDTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human anticoagulated whole blood(EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample transport mode ofoperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Continuous feed, batch or STATmode of closed EDTA sample tubesfrom automated sample transportsystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Batch mode of closed EDTA sampletubes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated sample transportsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VARIANT II TURBO LinkHemoglobin Testing Systemrequires an external automatedsample transport system such asthe Sysmex® HST-N(Hemoglobin Sample Transport)System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VARIANT II TURBOHemoglobin Testing System iscomplete with an automated sampleconveyor system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceable to the Diabetes Controland Complications Trial (DCCT)reference method and IFCC.Certified via the NationalGlycohemoglobin StandardizationProgram (NGSP).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceable to the Diabetes Control andComplications Trial (DCCT)reference method and IFCC.Certified via the NationalGlycohemoglobin StandardizationProgram (NGSP).</td></tr></table>

# Testing To Establish Substantial Equivalence:

# Accuracy:

Method correlation between the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program and VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Program was evaluated using 180 EDTA whole blood patient samples ranging from $4 . 2 \%$ to $1 4 . 0 \%$ HbA1c. The results are presented in the following regression table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegressionMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Least Squares</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.225</td></tr></table>

# Precision:

The following table provides comparison data on the precision between the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c and VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Programs, each utilizing low and high EDTA whole blood patient samples, and both tested against samples with normal (6.0,6.2) and high $( 9 . 4 , 1 2 . 5 ) \%$ Alc content.

Method precision was performed using a protocol based on the NCCLS Evaluation protocol, Vol.24, No. 25, EP5-A2 (2004) for the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c and VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin Alc Programs. The protocols for both the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc and VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Programs are similar.

Using these protocols, 40 runs (2 per day) were performed on one VARIANT II TURBO Link (or VARIANT I TURBO) Hemoglobin Testing System over 20 working days. In each duplicate daily run, one aliquot of normal and one aliquot of diabetic patient samples were each analyzed per run.

Although the precision samples are different, since they were run at different time periods, the precision results between the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c and the VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin Alc Program are equivalent. A summary of combined comparative precision results is presented in the following precision table.

VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c and VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin A1c Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>VARIANT II TURBO Link HemoglobinAlc Program            t:p&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin AlcProgram</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Patient(HbAis)     v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diabetic Patient(HbA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Patient(HbAI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diabetic Patient(HbAis)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n= (number of samples)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.58</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II TURBO LinkHemoglobin Alc Program</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II TURBO HemoglobinA1c Program</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 - 17.6 % HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 - 16.8 % HbA1c</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

When considering the similarities of the intended use, the general characteristics of the two assays, the use of the same technology and the similar correlation, acuracy and linearity between the two methods, it can be concluded that the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate, VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin $\mathrm { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Program.

# JUN 2 5 2007

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. c/o Ms. Jackie H. Buckley 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive Hercules, CA 94547

Re: k070819 Trade Name: Variant II Turbo Link Hemoglobin Testing System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCP, KRZ Dated: March 23, 2007 Received: March 26, 2007

Dear Ms. Buckley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) parotThe Anusanl equvaecyourdevic al marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Yean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_ k070819

# Device Name: VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program

Indications For Use:

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin A1c in human whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Measurement of percent hemoglobin A1c is effective in monitoring long-term glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is for use with the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System interfaced with an automated sample transport system.

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for Professional Use Only.