# Alfa Scientific Designs, Inc.

FDA Registered $\bullet$ ISO 9001/EN 46001 Certified In-Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Devices Manufacturer $\bullet$ Contract R&D $\cdot$ OEM

510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Safety and Effectiveness as Required by 21 CFR 807.92</td></tr><tr><td>Name: Address: Manufacture and</td><td>Alfa Scientific Designs, Inc. 13200 Gregg Street</td></tr><tr><td>Submitter Contact Person: Trade Name:</td><td>Poway, CA 92064 Telephone (858) 513-3888 x 324 Fax: (858) 513-8388 Majid Pajouh, Ph.D. E-mail: mpajouh@alfascientific.com</td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td>INSTANT-ViEw® Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test Common Name: Immunoassay, FOB Test Classification: Occult Blood Test</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Summary Preparation</td><td>Product Code: NGK December 25, 2006</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>510K Number: K880499 Hemoccult® test by Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description</td><td>Device is a one-step lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay. The test strip in the device consists of 1) a burgundy-colored conjugate pad containing colloidal gold coupled with mouse anti- human hemoglobin monoclonal antibodies, and 2) nitrocellulose membrane containing a test line (T line) and a control line (C line). The T line is coated with anti-human hemoglobin antibodies, and the</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>C line is coated with goat anti-mouse IgG antibodies. The Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test is a qualitative immunoassay for the detection of Fecal Occult Blood by non- professional, lay individuals as a self-test product. Measurement of FOB is useful as an aid to detect human blood in stool as</td></tr></table>

found in a number of gastrointestinal disorders, e.g. diverticulitis, colitis, polyps and colorectal cancer. It is intended for over the counter use.

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Similarity to the Since FOB is an immunologically based rapid test for the Predicate Device</td><td rowspan="2">predicate does not.</td><td>Both are one-step rapid tests. Both are intended to provide qualitative detection of human</td></tr><tr><td>hemoglobin in the fecal specimen. Both are in-vitro diagnostic devices. The proposed device has a built-in quality control feature but</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>predicate Hemoccult®.</td><td>detection of human hemoglobin in the fecal samples, it has inherent advantages compared to the currently marketed chemically based fecal occult blood rapid tests including the FOB is more specific than Hemoccult® since it is specific for human hemoglobin and unlike Hemoccult® does not give false positive results due to consumption of red meats, etc.</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity and Specificity</td><td>for human hemoglobin.</td><td>The sensitivity of the proposed device is 50 ng/ml and it is specific One hundred (100) samples of hemoglobin free feces extraction</td></tr><tr><td>Accuracy</td><td></td><td>specimens collected in-house were divided into 5 groups of 20 each. The five groups of extraction samples were spiked with human hemoglobin at five different concentrations (0, 37.5, 50, 62.5 and 2000 ng/ml. Those 100 specimens were tested in house with FOB and predicate device. The correlation between the FOB and the predicate device was 100%. This study was carried out at four (4) sites outside Alfa, three</td></tr><tr><td>Reproducibility</td><td>Physician&#x27;s Office Laboratories (POL) and one Medical</td><td>Laboratory. Evaluations at the POL sites were performed by personnel with different educational backgrounds and working experience and agreed 97.7% with the expected results. The results obtained from the Medical Laboratory agreed 99% with the expected results. FOB was also tested by 120 professional and non- professional lay individuals of different education, age and backgrounds 95% of which were able to follow the package insert instructions and obtain accurate results obtained by professionals.</td></tr><tr><td>Stability</td><td>15-30° C 59-86° F) for up to two years following the whichever comes first.</td><td>The test device is stable when stored in controlled environment at manufacturing or until the expiration date printed on the label,</td></tr></table>

# Formats of the Device

The proposed device has only cassette format. The cassette is a device that contains a dip-strip in a plastic housing.

# Conclusion

The results of accuracy, specificity, sensitivity, reproducibility, cross reactivity, and interference studies demonstrate that the proposed test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# Conclusion of the comparison between professionals and

# Consumer study

The results of the consumer study demonstrated that it is compatible and similar to the results obtained by professionals and as a result InsTANT- $V I E W ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test is safe and effective device for over the counter use.

Majid Pajouh, Ph.D. Alfa Scientific Designs, Inc. 13200 Gregg Street Poway, California 92064

Re: k070660 Trade/Device Name: INSTANT-VIEW® Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.6550 Regulation Name: Occult Blood Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KHE Dated: May 17, 2007 Received: May 21, 2007

Dear Dr. Pajouh:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice

Page 2 - Majid Pajouh, Ph.D.

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150, or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours, Aobet2. Becke MAths

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PhD U   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation   
and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K070660

Device Name:

# T-V  Bo O

Indications For Use:

The INsTANT-VIEw® Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test is a qualitative immunoassay for the detection of Fecal Occult Blood by non-professional, lay individuals as a self-test product. Measurement of FOB is useful as an aid to detect human blood in stool as found in a number of gastrointestinal disorders, e.g. diverticulitis, colitis, polyps and colorectal cancer. It is intended for over the counter use.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED.) oncne Reon Vi ianst DevieIVD Muphim Buuteli Divisjon Sen-off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 10k K070440

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K070660

Device Name:

Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test

Indications For Use:

The Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Self-Test is a qualitative immunoassay for the detection of Fecal Occult Blood by non-professional, lay individuals as a self-test product. Measurement of FOB is useful as an aid to detect human blood in stool as found in a number of gastrointestinal disorders, e.g. diverticulitis, colitis, polyps and colorectal cancer. It is intended for over the counter use.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED.) Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Mughini Srutia Jivisimn Sign-off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety K0706G0