# 510(k) Summary for D3 Hematology Analyzer

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92 The assigned 510(k number is $\boldsymbol { \cdot }$ K071562

# 1. APPLICANT

DREW Scientific, Inc. 4230 Shilling Way DALLAS, Texas 75237

DEC 1 1 2007

Contact Person: Roger BOURREE Telephone: 214-210-4900 Fax: 214-210-4950 Date Prepared: EPY $2 ^ { n d }$ June 2007

2. DEVICE NAME

Proprietary Name: D3 Hematology Analyzer Common/Usual Name: Automated differential cell counter Classification Name: Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR §864.5220) Device Class Class II: Special Controls Guidance Document Product Code: GKZ , Counter, Differential Cell

# 3. PREDICATE DEVICE

DREW Scientific, Inc. DataCell 18MS (K945678)

# 4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The D3 Hematology Analyzer is a stand-alone benchtop, clinical laboratory instrument which analyzes in-vitro samples of whole blood to provide complete blood count and leucocyte differential count using the impedance $\&$ spectrophotometry techniques.

# 5. INTENDED USE

The D3 Hematology Analyzer is a fully automated (microprocessor controlled) quantitative hematology analyzer used for the in vitro diagnostic testing of whole blood specimens.

# 6. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS & SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

The D3 Hematology Analyzer can be considered substantially equivalent to the already cleared device DATACELL 18MS (K945678) with respect to the indications for use, the hematological parameters for complete blood count and differential leukocyte count, and the principles of operation (fundamental scientific technology).

The data and information supplied in this submission demonstrates substantial equivalence to their respective predicate devices :

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device(K945678)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DATACELL 18MSHematology Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D3 Hematology Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drew Scientific, Inc(Previously: DANAMElectronics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drew Scientific, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematology Analyzer, CBC +3 part differential</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzerdescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer with built-incomputer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stand-alone touch screenanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementPrinciple:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Impedance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impedance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hgb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Derived from RBC cell sizedistribution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume integration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calculation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Volume integration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PIt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Impedance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC Wavelength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">540nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">555nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGetaYellowb</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16/ 18 parameters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Leukocyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC Total White BloodCells countLYM% Lymphocytes inpercentageLYM# Lymphocytes totalcountMID% MID cells inpercentageMID# MID Cell total countGRA% Granulocytes inpercentageGRA# Granulocytes totalcount</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythrocyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC Red Blood Cells countHgb  HemoglobinHct   HematocritMCV Mean Corp. VolumeMCH Mean CorpuscularHemoglobinMCHC Mean CorpuscularHemoglobin ConcentrationRDW: Red Blood cellsDistribution Width</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thrombocyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT   Platelet countMPV Mean Platelet Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IdenticalPDW* Platelet DistributionWidthPCT*Thrombocrit*For investigation use only inthe United States of America.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 samples/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimensample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">135.0 µl (whole blood),65.0 µl (whole blood insamples saver mode)25μl of whole blood dilutedinto 6.Oml of diluent forprediluted sample mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.0 µl (whole blood),25.0 ul of whole blood dilutedinto 0.5 ml of diluent forprediluted sample mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-coagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA K2 / K3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identificationpatient samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual entry (alphanumeric),Bar codes reader (optional)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCD Computer screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated Touch Screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Computer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External computer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated stand-alone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents(analysis &amp;cleaning)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individually packagedreagents :DREW EX-ISO (Diluent, 20L)DREW, EX-LYSE (500 ml)DREW, EZ-CLEAN(Cleaner, 5L or 10L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical reagents, packageddifferently :D3 Pac, consisting of :- DREW, EX-ISO (Diluent, 4L)- DREW, EX-Lyse (120ml)- DREW EZ-CLEAN(Cleaner, 500 ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EX-TROL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EX-CAL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr></table>

# 7. PERFORMANCE TESTING

The non-clinical studies and data analysis were carried out in accordance with appropriate indications given by the FDA guidelines.

Accuracy, Repeatability, Linearity, Carryover , Sample Stability studies demonstrated acceptable performance per the manufacturers specifications.

The device meets with the UL 61010-1 standard of the International Electro-technical Commission on electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use. Further more, is compliant with the IEC 60601-1-2 standard for Electromagnetic Compatibility.

# 8. CONCLUSIONS FOR PERFORMANCE TESTING

The Performance Testing conclude that the safety and effectiveness of the device is not compromised, meeting all acceptance criteria and demonstrating that the devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# DEC 1 1 2007

Drew Scientific, Inc C/O Roger Bourree 4230 Shilling Way, Dallas, Texas 75237

Re: K071562 Trade/Device Name: D3 Hematology Analyzer, Model D3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ   
Dated: June 7, 2007   
Received: June 7, 2007

Dear Mr. Bourree:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance at (240) 276-0377. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240- 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, S Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PhD. Strphini t Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K071562

Device Name: DREW D3 Hematology Analyzer

Indications For Use:

The DREW D3 Hematology Analyzer is a fully automated (microprocessor controlled) quantitative hematology analyzer used for the in vitro diagnostic testing of whole blood specimens.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE FNEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of

\* Lautith   
Divisign Sigh-oft   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
) K071562