# K071398

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectivenes (n ccordance to 21 cFr 807.87(b))

Device Name Proprietary Device Name: ScanView

# Establishment Name and Registration Number of Submitter

Name: Registration: Submission contact:

Applied Spectral Imaging Ltd. (ASI hereafter)   
9615060   
Dan Laor   
4 Hamatechet   
Ramat Gavriel, 10551   
Israel   
Tel: +972-4-6547567 x 246

# Device Classification

Product Code: Regulation Number: Common Name: Regulation Description:

JOY   
21 CFR 864.5260   
Automated cell-locating device   
Automated fluorescence in situ hybridization   
(FISH) enumeration systems   
Class II

Regulatory class:

Reason for 510(k) Submission Traditional 510(k) Submission

Identification of Legally Marketed Equivalent Devices FISHView K050236 and CytoVision CEP XY K042542

# Device Description

The ScanView System is an integrated digital imaging system constructed of an external microscope, motorized multi slide stage, camera, and a workstation. It is designed to acquire images of cells and enables identification and examination of cells of interest. Cytogenetics experts can view and scan cells and record the image, using both bright field and fluorescent illumination. The acquired images can be enhanced, archived, retrieved and printed. The automated microscope enables Z motion of the slide and the motorized stage enables its X-Y motions. The microscope also includes motorized filter turret containing fluorescence filters.

# Indications for use

The ScanView is an automated scanning microscope and image analysis System. It is intended for in-vitro diagnostic use as an aiding tool to the pathologist or cytogeneticist in the detection, classification and enumeration of cells of interest based on color, intensity, size, pattern, and shape. The ScanView is indicated to detect the following cell types: CEP X Spectrum OrangeTM/CEP® Y Spectrum GreenTM DNA Probe kit (Vysis, Inc. Downer's Grove, IL) and is limited to the analysis of CEP XY probes via high magnification capture and analysis of interphase nuclei. CEP XY is indicated for use to assess the effectiveness of bone marrow transplantation in opposite-sex transplants.

# Safety & Effectiveness

The device has been designed, verified and validated complying with 21CFR 820.30 regulations. Bench and clinical data demonstrate that the device meets the required specifications. No adverse effects have been detected.

# Substantial Equivalency

It is Applied Spectral Imaging Ltd.'s opinion that the ScanView System is substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to the predicate devices.

Applied Spectral Imaging, LTD   
c/o Ms. Silvia Stolarski   
Regulatory Affairs Officer   
4 Hamatechet   
Ramat Gavriel, 10551   
ISRAEL

Re: k071398 Trade/Device Name: Scanview, Model SC-300 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5260 Regulation Name: Automated cell-locating device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JOY Date: May 13, 2007 Received: May 21, 2007

Dear Ms. Stolarski:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of October 4, 2007.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

Iv aebovcas p l y al cnoExisg maoguat g your devic T of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Pleae be advised that DA'sunc substantial equivalenc determinatin does not me that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related

Page 2 - Ms. Silvia Stolarski

adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K071398

Device Name: ScanView

Indications For Use: The Scan View System is an automated scanning microscope and image analysis system. It is intended for in-vitro diagnostic use as an aiding tool to the pathologist or cytogeneticist in the detection, classification and enumeration of cells of interest based on color, intensity, size, pattern, and shape. The ScanView is indicated to detect the following cell types:

CEP@ X Spectrum OrangeTM/CEP® Y Spectrum GreenTM DNA Probe kit (Vysis, Inc. Downer's Grove, L) and is limited to the analysis of CEP XY probes via high magnification capture and analysis of interphase nuclei. CEP XY is indicated for use to assess the effectiveness of bone marrow transplantation in opposite-sex transplants.

Prescription Use: YES (Part 21 CFR 801 subpart D)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrençe of CDRHOffce of Device Evaluatlon (ODE) Divisigh SinOffice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety S10(k) K07/398