# 510(k) Summary

# 1.0: Submitted By:

# AUG 1 4 2008

BD Biosciences 2350 Qume Drive San Jose, CA 95131

Contact:   
Nobuko Nakajima   
Senior Regulatory Specialist   
(408) 954-4109   
(408) 954-2495 (FAX)   
nobuko_nakajima@bd.com

Submission Date: April 28, 2008

# 2.0: Device Name:

a) BD FACSCount™M CD4 Reagents b) 21CFR 862.5220Automated Differential Cell Counter (GKZ Class II)

# 3.0: Intended Use:

BD FACSCount CD4 reagents are used to enumerate the absolute counts of CD4 T lymphocytes and determine the percentage of lymphocytes that are CD4 T lymphocytes in unlysed whole blood (CD4 count and CD4 percentage). The reagents are for in vitro diagnostic use on a BD FACSCount instrument.

# 4.0: Basic description of the device:

BD FACSCount CD4 reagents are intended for use in enumerating the absolute counts of CD4 T lymphocytes and the percentage of lymphocytes that are CD4 T lymphocytes in unlysed whole blood using the BD FACSCount instrument system. The product offers a single test that requires one convenient, ready-to-use reagent tube labeled CD4. It is intended for use on a BD FACSCount instrument.

The reagent kit consists of the following components:

50 reagent tubes of CD4 PE/CD14 PE-Cy5/CD15 PE-Cy5/fluorescent nuclear dye and   
counting reference beads   
65 reagent tube caps   
One 5-mL vial of 5% formaldehyde in phosphate-buffered saline (PBS), used as fixative   
solution

# 5.0: Predicate Device:

BD FACSCount CD4 Reagents is substantially equivalent to BD Tritest CD3/CD4/CD45 with and without BD Trucount absolute count tubes (K071 143 and K071141) for the enumerating the absolute counts of CD4 T lymphocytes and the percentage of lymphocytes that are CD4 T lymphocytes in unlysed whole blood.

# 6.0 Comparison to the Predicate:

Similarities and Differences:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD TriTEST CD3/CD4/CD45 with andwithout BD Trucount absolute counttubes on BD FACSCalibur(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCount CD4 Reagents onBD FACSCount(New)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD TriTEST CD3/CD4/CD45 is a threecolor direct immunofluorescence reagentfor use with a suitably equipped flowcytometer to identify and determine thepercentages and absolute counts of maturehuman T lymphocytes (CD3+),helper/inducer (CD3+CD4+) Tlymphocytes in erythrocyte lysed wholeblood. When used with BD Trucounttubes, absolute counts of these populationscan be enumerated from a single tube.This BD Tritest reagent and BD Trucounttubes can be used with the BDFACSLoader. The reagent can be usedwith or without an isotype control.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCount CD4 Reagents are twocolor direct immunofluorescence reagentfor identifying and determining absolutecounts in cells/ul and percentage ofCD4+ T lymphocytes in unlysed wholeblood.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deviceclassification andproduct code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II81 GKZRegulation 21 CFR §864.5220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD TriTESTCD3FITC/CD4PE/CD45PerCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCount CD4 ReagentsCD4PE/CD14PE-Cy5/CD15PECy5/fluoresenct nuclear dye</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute countbeads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trucount Absolute Count beads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Known number of reference beadsincluded in reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlBeads</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCount Controls(low/mid/high)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood preserved with EDTA,heparin, or ACD-Solution A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood preserved with EDTAonly</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System electronics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analog</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence Scale(Display)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibur 1024 log scale or 104 linear scale</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A  Customer does not see the dot-plot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytometer setup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uses FACSComp software with BDCalibrite™M Beads to set up FL2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None - no customer set up required</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Analysis:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic analysis. User is able to adjustthe gating to optimize.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic analysis with no userintervention</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dynamic Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68 - 7.2x103 cells/ul CD4/CD3 positivecells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4 absolute count of: 50-5000cells/ulCD4 percentage of : 5-65%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples are reported as CD4/CD3positive cells/ul and CD4/CD3 %positives of Lymphocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples are reported as CD4 cells/uland CD4% of Lymphocytes</td></tr></table>

# 7.0: Summary of Performance Data:

Equivalency for the candidate product has been demonstrated through method comparison, precision, linearity stain stability, and reagent stability studies.

# A) Summary of Method Comparison study results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4 Absolute Count (cells/uL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.981</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.971</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.695</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CD4 Percentage (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.391</td></tr></table>

# ) Summary of System Precision study results:

Within-device and within-run precision of CD4 absolute counts (cells/uL)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low control CV(cell/ul)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal control CV(cells/ul)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46</td></tr></table>

Within-device and within-run precision of CD4 percentage (cells/uL)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low control CV(cell/ul)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal control CV(cells/ul)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td></tr></table>

# C) Summary of System Linearity study results:

Linearity was assessed and observed to be linear within the reportable $\mathrm { C D 4 + }$ absolute count range (50 - 5000 cells/ul).

# ) Summary of Stained Sample Stability (Age of Stain) study:

Age of blood and age of stained sample were assessed and observed to be stable up to 24 hours of age of blood and up to 48 hours of age of stain.

# E) Summary of Reagent Stability (Shelflife) study:

Reagents were assessed and the Kit was observed to be stable up to 15 month. Expiration dating may be extended in the future if ongoing product stability testing supports the extension.

This Summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of compliance with SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR807.92.

# AUG 1 4 2008

BD Biosciences   
c/o Mr. Nobuko Nakajima   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
2350 Qume Drive   
San Jose, CA 95131

Re: k081213 Trade/Device Name: BD FACSCount™M CD4 Rcagents Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: July 30, 2008 Received: July 31, 2008

Dear Mr. Nakajima:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for uu prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with cd  om   d st C ar07) labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), pleasc contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Devicc Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Survcillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

7a Mchan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Acting Division Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K081213

Device Name: BD FACSCount™M CD4 Reagents

Indications for Use:

BD FACSCount CD4 reagents are used to enumerate the absolute counts of CD4 T lymphocytes and determine the percentage of lymphocytes that are CD4 T lymphocytes in unlysed whole blood (CD4 count and CD4 percentage). The reagents are for in vitro diagnostic use on a BD FACSCount instrument.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE) Maa I Chon Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety E--n Kaf/213