# DEC 1 9 2008

# 510(k) Summary UniCel® DxH 800 Coulter® Cellular Analysis System

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Lourdes Coba   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
11800 SW 147 Avenue, M/C: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500   
Telephone: (305) 380-4079   
FAX: (305) 380-4344

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

July 3, 2008

# 3.0 Device Name(s):

# 3.1 Proprietary Names

UniCel® DxH 800 Coulter® Cellular Analysis System

# 3.2 Classification Name

Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 2 2 0 \rangle$

# 4.0 Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td>Candidate</td><td>Predicates</td><td>Manufacturer</td><td>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">UniCel® DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System</td><td rowspan="2">COULTER® LH 750 Hematology Analyzer COULTER LH 780</td><td>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td>K011342</td></tr><tr><td>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td>K061616</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

The UniCel® DxH 800 Coulter® Cellular Analysis System (DxH 800 System) is intended for In Vitro Diagnostic Use in clinical laboratories. The DxH 800 System provides automated complete blood count, leukocyte differential, NRBC enumeration and reticulocyte analysis as well as an automated method for enumeration of RBCs and TNCs in body fluids.

The purpose of the DxH 800 System is intended to separate the normal patient, with all normal system-generated parameters, from the patient who needs additional studies of any of these parameters. These studies might include further measurements of cell size and platelet distribution, manual WBC differential or any other definitive test that helps diagnose the patient's condition.

The instrument system is comprised of the analyzer and a suite of analytical reagents that allow for simultaneous quantitative determination of hematological parameters through the use of impedance, RF, flow cytometric light scatter, spectrophotometry, and supravital staining methodologies. Additional reagents provide system cleaning and quality control and calibration.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

The UniCel $(  { \bar { \mathbf { R } } } )$ DxHI 800 Analyzer is a quantitative, automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The UniCel $\underline { { \widehat { ( \mathbf { R } ) } } }$ DxH 800 Analyzer provides:

a Complete Blood Count (CBC), Leukocyte 5 Part Differential (Diff), Reticulocyte (Retic) and Nucleated Red Blood Cell (NRBC) on whole blood a Total Nucleated Count (TNC) and Red Cell Count (RBC) on Body Fluids (cerebrospinal, serous and synovial) (BF)

2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER© LH 750(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH 780 (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniCel® DxH 800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The COULTER LH 750Hematology Analyzer is aquantitative, automatedhematology analyzer andleukocyte differential counterFor In Vitro Diagnostic Use inclinical laboratories. TheCOULTER LH 750 HematologyAnalyzer provides automatedReticulocyte analysis andenumeration of nucleated redblood cells (NRBCs) as well asan automated method forenumeration of RBCs andWBCs in body fluids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The COULTER LH 780 HematologyAnalyzer is a quantitative, automatedhematology analyzer and leukocytedifferential counter For In VitroDiagnostic Use in clinicallaboratories. The COULTER LH 780Hematology Analyzer providesautomated Reticulocyte analysis andenumeration of nucleated red bloodcells (NRBCs) as well as anautomated method for enumerationof RBCs and WBCs in body fluids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The UniCel® DxH 800 Analyzer is aquantitative, automated hematologyanalyzer for in vitro diagnostic use inscreening patient populations found inclinical laboratories. The UniCel® DxH800 Analyzer provides:a Complete Blood Count (CBC),Leukocyte 5 Part Differential(Diff), Reticulocyte (Retic) andNucleated Red Blood Cell (NRBC)on whole blooda Total Nucleated Count (TNC) andRed Cell Count (RBC) on BodyFluids (cerebrospinal, serous andsynovial) (BF)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ParametersIVD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, Hgb, Hct, MCV,MCH, MCHC, RDW, PIt, MPV,LY%, MO%, NE%, EO%,BA%, LY#, MO#, NE#, EO#,BA#, NRBC%, NRBC#, RET%,RET#, IRF, &amp; MRV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, Hgb, Hct, MCV, MCH,MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, Plt, MPV,LY%, MO%, NE%, EO%, BA%,LY#, MO#, NE#, EO#, BA#,NRBC%, NRBC#, RET%, RET#,IRF, &amp; MRV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LH 750 / 780 except WBCreported as Total Nucleated Cell Count(TNC) in body fluids</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER© LH 750(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH 780 (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniCel@ DxH 800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualityControlTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily Instruments Check,Commercial Controls, DeltaChecks, Patient Controls, XBAnalysis, &amp; IQAP.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily Instruments Check,Commercial Controls, Delta Checks,Patient Controls, XB Analysis, &amp;IQAP, Extended QC &amp; XM Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as LH 750 / 780</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualityControls &amp;Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® 5C@ Cell ControlCOULTER® LatronTM Primerand Latron ControlCOULTER® RETIC-CTM CellControlCOULTER® LIN-C® LinearityControlCOULTER@ S-CAL®calibrator kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® 5C® Cell ControlCOULTER® Latron™M Primer andLatron ControlCOULTER® RETIC-CTM CellControlCOULTER® LIN-C® LinearityControlCOULTER® S-CAL® CalibratorKit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® 6C Cell Control (pendingclearance K081822)COULTER® Latron TM CP-X Control(same product as Latron Control)COULTER® RETIC-X Cell Control(same product as Retic-C)COULTER LIN-X control (pendingclearance K081641)COULTER® S-CAL® Calibrator kitCOULTER® Body Fluids Control(pending 510k submission)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalysisReagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH Series DiluentCOULTER® Isoton 4 DiluentCOULTER® LH Series PakCOULTER® LH Series RETICPakCOULTER® Lyse S® III lyticagentCOULTER® Lyse S® 4 lyticagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER LH Series DiluentCOULTER® Isoton 4 DiluentCOULTER® LH Series PakCOULTER® LH Series RETIC PakCOULTER® Lyse S® III lytic agentCOULTER® Lyse S® 4 lytic agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® DH DiluentCOULTER® DH Diff PackCOULTER® DH Retic PackCOULTER® DH Cell Lyse</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH 750(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH 780 (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniCel® DxH 800</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CleaningAgent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® CLENZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH Series Cleaner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® DH Cleaner</td></tr></table>

Accuracy, repeatability (precision), measuring (linearity) range and carryover studies were conducted and demonstrated acceptable performance per the manufacturer specifications. The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution.

This sumimary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

# DEC 1 9 2008

Beckman Coulter, Inc. C/o Lourdes Coba 11800 S.W. 147th Avenue Miami, Florida 33196

Re: k081930 Trade/Device Name: Unicel $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ DxH $8 0 0 \textcircled { 1 3 }$ Coulter Cellular Analysis System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: December 16, 2008 Received: December 17, 2008

Dear Ms. Coba:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed

predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at 240-276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at 240-276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Interet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Huphin o Manian (han, PhD

Beuth

Aleting Division Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K081930

Device Name: UniCel® DxH 800 Coulter® Cellular Analysis System

Indications For Use:

The UniCel® DxH 800 Analyzer is a quantitative, automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The UniCel $\textcircled{8}$ DxH 800 Analyzer provides:

a Complete Blood Count (CBC), Leukocyte 5 Part Differential (Diff), Reticulocyte (Retic) and Nucleated Red Blood Cell (NRBC) on whole blood a Total Nucleated Count (TNC) and Red Cell Count (RBC) on Body Fluids (cerebrospinal, serous and synovial) (BF)

Prescription Use X And/Or Over The Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Arshini Boulitis

Offich/of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety