# OCT 1 0 2008

# 5. 510(k) SUMMARY of the XT-Series- IG and RET-He parameters

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.   
The assigned 510(k) number is: K081890.

<table><tr><td>1.Submitted by:</td><td>Sysmex America, Inc. One Nelson C. White Parkway Mundelein, IL 60060 Phone: (847) 996-4682; FAX: (847) 996-4655 Contact person: Carrie S. Pineda</td></tr><tr><td>Name of Device:</td><td>Date prepared: July 2, 2008 Trade or proprietary name: RET-He parameter on Sysmex® XT-Series IG parameter on Sysmex® XT- Series Common name: Automated Hematology Analyzer Classification name: Sysmex® XT- Series, Automated Hematology Analyzer, an</td></tr><tr><td>. Predicate Method:</td><td>II device. RET-He parameter on Sysmex® XE-2100 (K050589-Cleared May 5, 2005) IG parameter on Sysmex® XE-2100 (K032039-Cleared Sept 8,</td></tr><tr><td>4. Device Description:</td><td>2003 The XT-Series is an automated hematology analyzer previously cleared by the FDA (K021241- cleared June 24, 2002). The RET- He parameter determines the hemoglobin of reticulocytes. XT-Pro and RET- Master are required. The IG parameter (Immature Granulocyte) classifies and counts the immature granulocyte cells.</td></tr><tr><td>5. Intended Use:</td><td>The XT-Pro and IG Master are required. The IG parameter on the Sysmex® XT-Series, Automated Hematology Analyzer, is intended for in vitro diagnostic use to classify and count immature granulocyte cells in EDTA anti- coagulated blood. The RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XT- Series, Automated Hematology Analyzer, determines the hemoglobin of reticulocytes for in vitro diagnostic use in EDTA anti-coagulated blood.</td></tr><tr><td>Substantial</td><td>IG% / # Immature Granulocyte Percent and Count RET-He Reticulocyte Hemoglobin Table 1 shows substantial equivalence of the XT-Series to the XE-</td></tr><tr><td>equivalence- Similarities and Differences:</td><td>2100.</td></tr><tr><td>7. Conclusion</td><td>The XT-Series IG and RET-He parameters demonstrate substantial equivalence to the XE-2100 IG and RET-He parameters.</td></tr></table>

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence—Similarities and Difference to XE-2100   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex XE-2100- IG andRET-He parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex XT-Series- IG andRET-He parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarity/Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1G Parameter:The IG parameter on Sysmex®XE-2100 is intended for invitro diagnostic use to classifyand count immaturegranulocyte cells in EDTAanti-coagulated blood.RET-He Parameter:The RET-He parameter on theSysmex® XE-2100,Automated HematologyAnalyzer, determines thehemoglobin of reticulocytesfor in vitro diagnostic use inclinical laboratories.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1G Parameter:The IG parameter on Sysmex®XT-Series is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use to classify andcount immature granulocytecells in EDTA anti-coagulatedblood.RET-He Parameter:The RET-He parameter on theSysmex® XT-Series, AutomatedHematology Analyzer,determines the hemoglobin ofreticulocytes for in vitrodiagnostic use in clinicallaboratories.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Both systems have the sameintended use statement.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IG Parameter:The Immature Granulocyte(IG) count is measured in theDIFF channel. Thecombination of side scatter,forward scatter, andfluorescent intensity ofnucleated cells give an imageof each cell detected in theperipheral blood. Differentleukocyte populations orclusters such as the immaturegranulocytes are counted.RET-He Parameter:The reticulocyte parametersare derived using thereticulocyte forward scatteredlight signals from thereticulocyte measurementchannel and a proprietarySysmex calculation equation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IG Parameter:The Immature Granulocyte (1G)count is measured in the DIFFchannel. The combination ofside scatter, forward scatter, andfluorescent intensity of nucleatedcells give an image of each celldetected in the peripheral blood.Different leukocyte populationsor clusters such as the immaturegranulocytes are counted.RET-He Parameter:The reticulocyte parameters arederived using the reticulocyteforward scattered light signalsfrom the reticulocytemeasurement channel and aproprietary Sysmex calculationequation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Both systems use the samemethodology.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLPACK™ (Diluent)CELLSHEATH (Diluent)STROMATOLYSER-FB™M(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-4DL™M(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-4DS™M(Stain)STROMATOLYSER-NR™M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLPACK™ (Diluent)STROMATOLYSER-FBTM(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-4DL™M(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-4DS™M(Stain)SULFOLYSER (Lyse)RET-SEARCH II (Diluent)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XT-Series uses less reagentsdue to the fact that it doesn't testfor NRBC#/%.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Diluent)STROMATOLYSER-NR™M(Stain)STROMATOLYSER-IM™M(Lyse)SULFOLYSER (Lyse)RET-SEARCH II (Diluent)RET-SEARCH II (Stain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET-SEARCH II (Stain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControl/Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e-Check—3 levelsX Cal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">e -Check -3 levelsX Cal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XE-2100 and the XT-Seriesuse the same Calibrator andcontrol material.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software/HardwareDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XE-pro software wasadded to the original XE-2100in order to include additionalmaster programs (IG, RET).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XT-pro software was addedto the original XT-Series inorder to include additionalmaster programs (IG, RET).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XT-Series performs thesame as the XE-2100 with theIG and RET masters.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Both systems use the samespecimen types.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 113-150samples/hour depending onthe mode used.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 50-80samples/hour depending on themode used.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XT-Series has a lowerthroughput.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EquivalencyData:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance was initiallyestablished in XE-2100 510(k)submission (K992875) &amp; thenadditional masters/parameterswere submitted in subsequentsubmissions:XE-2100 IG (K032039)XE-2100 RET-He (K050589)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance of the XT-Serieswas initially established in510(k) submission (K021241).The additional IG &amp; RET-Heparameters demonstratedexcellent correlation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data consisting of accuracy,precision and sample stabilitywas collected to showperformance to themanufacturer's specification forthe IG and RET-He parameters.This analysis supports the claimthat the XT-Series IG &amp; RET-Heparameters are substantiallyequivalent to the XE-2 100.</td></tr></table>

# OCT 1 0 2008

Sysmex America, Inc. c/o Ms. Carrie Pineda Supervisor, Clinical Affairs One Nelson C. White Parkway Mundelein, IL 60060

Re: k081890 Trade/Device Name: IG parameter on Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XT-Series and RET-He parameters on Sysmex $. ( \widehat { \mathbb { R } } )$ XT-Series Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: September 25, 2008 Received: September 26, 2008

Dear Ms. Pineda:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification. The FDA finding

Page 2 - Ms. Carrie Pineda

of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to procced to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

.nani IrChan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Acting Division Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 4. INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K081890

Device Name: Sysmex® XT-Series. Automated Hematology Analyzer IG & RET-He Parameters

# Indications For Use:

The IG parameter on the Sysmex® XT-Series, Automated Hematology Analyzer, is intended for in vitro diagnostic use to classify and count immature granulocyte cells in EDTA anti-coagulated blood. The RET-He parameter on the Sysmex® XT-Series, Automated Hematology Analyzer, determines the hemoglobin of reticulocytes for in vitro diagnostic use in EDTA anti-coagulated blood.

$10 \%$ 1# Immature Granulocyte Percent and Count RET-He Reticulocyte Hemoglobin

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

mana Incha Division Sign-Off