K081526

# 510(k) Summary FlowCARE™M TLG Reagent

AUG 1 4 2008

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Nancy Nadler   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
11800 SW 147 Avenue, M/C: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500   
Telephone: (305) 380-4191   
FAX: (305) 380-3618

2.0 Date Submitted: May 30, 2008

# 3.0 Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names FlowCARE™M TLG Reagent

3.2 Classification Name Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 2 2 0 \}$

4.0 Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocketNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FlowCARETM TLGReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tetraONETMSYSTEMfor EPICSXL FlowCytometry SYSTEMwith CYTO-STATOtetraCHROMETM CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5Monoclonal AntibodyReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K990172</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

The FlowCARETM TLG Reagent consists of a four-color antibody reagent composed of CD45-FITC, CD4-PE, CD8-ECD, and CD3-PC5. The assay is performed on the EPICS XL or suitably equipped flow cytometer using appropriate quality control reagents in combination with an optional absolute count reagent, Flow-Count™M Fluorospheres, for determination of $\mathrm { C D } 3 +$ CD3+CD4+, and CD3+CD8+ absolute counts as a single platform measurement, or in combination with a White Blood Cell Count from a hematology analyzer as a dual platform measurement.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

The FlowCARE TLG Reagent kit combines four fluorescent labeled monoclonal antibodies in a single reagent formulation. It is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use" for the enumeration of $\mathrm { C D 3 + }$ $\mathrm { C D 3 + C D 4 + }$ and $_ \mathrm { C D 3 + C D 8 + }$ absolute cell count and $\mathrm { C D } 3 +$ $\mathrm { C D 3 + C D 4 + }$ and $\mathrm { C D 3 + C D 8 + }$ lymphocyte percentage in combination with a White Blood Cell (WBC) Count from a hematology instrument as a dual platform measurement, or independently when used in combination with Flow-Count™ Fluorospheres as a single platform measurement.

The FlowCARE TLG Reagent is designed for use on the COULTER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ EPICSTM XLTM/XL-MCLTM or a suitably equipped flow cytometer with a $4 8 8 \ \mathrm { n m }$ laser capable of detecting light scatter (forward and side) and a minimum of four-color fluorescence emission detectable in the following ranges: $5 0 4 - 5 4 1 { \mathrm { ~ n m } }$ $5 6 8 \textrm { -- }$ $5 9 0 ~ \mathrm { { \ n m } }$ $6 1 0 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 6 3 5 \mathrm { ~ } \mathrm { n m }$ ,and $6 6 0 \ \textrm { -- } \ 6 8 0 \ \textrm { n m }$ Users should refer to the manufacturer's instrument manuals for specific instructions for setting PMT voltages and fluorescence compensation prior to analysis.

# 7.0 Comparison to Predicate(s):

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tetraONE System forEPICS XL FlowCytometry System(Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FlowCARE TLG Reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enumeration of threemajor T-lymphocytesubset populations(CD3+, CD3+CD4+,CD3+CD8+)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalInstrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deployed on EPICS®XL-MCL™ flowcytometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deployed on EPICS® XL-MCL ™M flow cytometer orsuitably equipped flowcytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalysisReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses CYTO-STATtetraCHROME™ CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CD45-FITC, CD4-PE(RD1), CD8-ECD, andCD3-PC5 monoclonal dyeconjugates are identical toCD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5tetraCHROMETM reagentcomponents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tetraONE System forEPICS XL Flow CytometrySystem (Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FlowCARE TLGReagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses Flow-Count™Fluorospheres absolute countreagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Setup Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Flow-Set™ Fluorospheres•  CYTO-COMP™M Cell KitC   CYTO-COMP™M ReagentKit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same or equivalentreagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMUNO-TROLTMControl CellsIMMUNO-TROL™ LowControl Cells</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same or equivalentreagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System IITM Automatedanalysis using cellSTAT3DTM algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual analysis usingcustomer createdprotocols according topackage insert</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Age</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 6 hours (withautomated software)≤ 72 hours (withoutautomated software,tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤ 120 hours (5 days)** The specimen agelimit for dual platformmeasurement isdependent upon theclaims for thehematology analyzer butnot to exceed five days.</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Summary of Performance Data:

Accuracy, precision, and linearity studies were conducted and demonstrated acceptable performance per the manufacturer specifications. The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

# AIG 14 2008

Beckman Coulter, Inc. c/o Ms. Nancy Nadler Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 1 1800 SW 147 Ave, M/C: 31-B06 Miami, FL. 33196-2500

Re: k081526 Trade/Device Name: FlowCARETM TLG Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: May 30, 2008 Received: June 02, 2008

Dear Ms. Nadler:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will llow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classifiation for your device and thus, pcrmits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450.Also, pleasc note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, plcase contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding thc reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frce number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Acting Division Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k/526

Device Name: FlowCARETM TLG Reagent

Indication For Use:

The FlowCARE TLG Reagent kit combines four fluorescent labeled monoclonal antibodics in a single reagent formulation. It is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use" for the enumeration of CD3+, CD3+CD4+ and CD3+CD8+ absolute cell count and CD3+, CD3+CD4+ and CD3+CD8+ lymphocyte percentage in combination with a White Blood Cell (WBC) Count from a hematology instrument as a dual platform measurement, or independently when used in combination with Flow-Count™m Fluorospheres as a single platform mcasurement.

The FlowCARE TLG Reagent is designed for usc on the COULTER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ EPICSTM XLTM/XL-MCLTM or a suitably equipped flow cytometer with a 488 mm laser capable of detecting light scatter (forward and side) and a minimum of four-color fluorescence emission detectable in the following ranges: 504 - 541 nm, 568 - 590 nm, 610  635 nm, and 660  680 nm. Users should refer to the manufacturer's instrument manuals for specific instructions for setting PMT voltages and fluorescence compensation prior to analysis.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)