Ko8a118

# SEP 1 8 2009

# 510(k) Summary

As required by 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Submitted by:

Cepheid 904 Caribbean Drive Sunnyvale, CA 90489 Phone number: (408) 400-8230 Fax number: (408) 541-6439

# Contact:

Date of Preparation:

Russel K. Enns, Ph.D. July 31, 2009

Device: Trade name: Common names:

Xpert $^ { \textregistered }$ HemosIL $\textcircled{8}$ FII & FVFactor II and Factor V Genotyping Assay.Xpert $^ { \textregistered }$ HemosIL $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Factor II & Factor V AssayXpert $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ HemosIL $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Factor II. & Factor V

Type of Test:

Nucleic Acid Amplification Test, DNA, Factor II Prothrombin G20210A and Factor V G1691A (Leiden) qualitative, genotyping

Classification name:

Factor II Prothrombin and Factor V Leiden DNA Mutation Detection Systems

Regulation number:

864.7280

Procode:

NPR

Classification Advisory Committee:

Hematology

Predicate Devices:

Roche Factor II (Prothrombin) G20210A Kit (510(k) #k033612) and Roche Factor V Leiden Kit (510(k) #k033607)

Device Description:

The Cepheid Xpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ HemosIL ® Factor II & Factor V Assay is an automated DNA test for detecting Factor II and Factor V normal and mutant alleles directly from sodium citrate or EDTA anticoagulated whole blood specimens. Blood specimens are drawn into either sodium citrate or EDTA anticoagulant tubes. Following brief mixing of the sample, the blood sample and two single-use reagents (Reagent 1 and Reagent 2) that are provided with the assay are transferred to different, uniquely-labeled chambers of the disposable fluidic cartridge (the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V cartridge). The user initiates a test from the system user interface and places the cartridge into the GeneXpert $( \bigoplus )$ Dx System instrument platform, which performs hands-off real-time, multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of DNA. In this platform,

sample preparation, amplification, and real-time detection are all fully-automated and completely integrated.

The GeneXpert Dx System consists of a GeneXpert instrument, personal computer, a barcode scanner and the multi-chambered fluidic cartridges that are designed to complete sample preparation and real-time PCR for detection of Factor II and Factor V normal and mutant alleles in approximately 30 minutes. Each system has 1 to 16 randomly accessible modules that are each capable of performing separate sample preparation and real-time PCR tests. Each module contains a syringe drive for dispensing fluids, an ultrasonic horn for lysing nuclei, and a proprietary I-CORE $\textcircled{8}$ thermocycler for performing real-time PCR and detection.

The Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay includes reagents for the detection of Factor II and Factor V normal and mutant alleles. The primers and probes in the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay determine the genotype of the Factor II gene (at position 20210) and the Factor V gene (at position 1691)..

The test includes a Probe Check Control (PCC) that verifies reagent rehydration, PCR tube filling in the cartridge, probe integrity, and dye stability and an instrument control verifies the instrument is performing properly. Additionally, the sample functions as its own internal control since both normal and mutant gene sequences are detected, and each person tested is expected to have one of these sequence signatures.

# Device Intended Use:

The Xpert™M HemosIL® Factor II & Factor V Assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic genotyping test for the detection of Factor II and Factor V alleles from sodium citrate or EDTA anticoagulated whole blood. The assay is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Dx System. This test is intended to provide results for Factor II (G20210A) and Factor V Leiden (G1691A) mutations as an aid in the diagnosis in individuals with suspected thrombophilia.

Substantial Equivalence:

The Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay is substantially equivalent to two predicate devices, Roche Factor II (Prothrombin) G20210A Kit (510(k) #k033612) and Roche Factor V Leiden Kit (510(k) #k033607). The Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay and Roche Factor II (Prothrombin) G202 r0A Kit and Factor V Leiden Kit determine the Factor II and Factor V genotypes through real-time PCR amplification and fluorogenic target-specific hybridization detection.

Table 5.1 shows the similarities and differences between the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay and the two predicate devices. The GeneXpert Dx System, used with the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay, is also used to perform the Cepheid Xpert GBS Assay, the Xpert EV Assay and the Xpert MRSA Assay. The predicate devices are performed on the Roche LightCycler $\mathfrak { Q }$ system.

In a multi-center clinical comparison study, performance of the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay and the Roche Factor II and Factor V Assays were each calculated relative to the gold standard, bi-directional sequencing results, and were shown to be substantially equivalent.

# Table 5.1

# Similarities and Differences Between the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay and the Predicate Devices

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities (Assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pert HemosIL Factor II &amp;Factor VAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Factor II(Prothrombin)G20210ATEROY(510(k) #k033612)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche FactorV Leiden Kit(510(k)#k033607)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid detection of Factor IIand Factor V alleles fromsodium citrate and EDTAanticoagulated whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same exceptdetection ofFactor II onlyfrom EDTAanticoagulatedblood only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same exceptdetection ofFactor V onlyfrom EDTAanticoagulatedblood only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for. Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aid in the diagnosis inindividuals with suspectedthrombophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalDetectionPrinciples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amplification and detectionsystem for nucleic acids usingfluorescence detection.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Differences (Assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert,HemosIL Factor II &amp;Factor V Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Factor II(Prothrombin)G20210A(510(k) #k033612)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche FactorV Leiden Kit(510(k)#k033607)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulated Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified DNAfrom humanblood samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified DNAfrom humanblood samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated On-line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed off-line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed off-line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Cartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposable single-use, multi-chambered fluidic cartridge.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposablesingle-use PCRcapillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposablesingle-use PCRcapillary</td></tr></table>

Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Differences (Assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicat</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Xpert HemosIL Factor I1 &amp;Factor V Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Factor II(Prothrombin)G20210A(510(1)#k033612)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche FactorV Leiden Kit(510()#k033607)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid GeneXpert® DxSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RocheLightCycler</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RocheLightCycler</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionChemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paired hybridization probesusing Scorpions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pairedhybridizationprobes usingfluorescenceenergy transfer(FRET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pairedhybridizationprobes usingfluorescenceenergy transfer(FRET)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluidics/SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Self-contained and automatedafter two single-dose reagentadditions.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Probes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scorpion Probes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HybProbe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HybProbe</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlsJJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal Probe check control(PCC). &quot; .)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External positiveand negativecontrols requiredper run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External positiveand negativecontrols requiredper run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 30 minutes toresults.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1 hour (notincluding sampleprep &amp; set-uptime)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1 hour (notincluding sampleprep &amp; set-uptime)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operators with no clinical labexperience to experiencedclinical laboratorytechnologists.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA HighComplexityLaboratory Users</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLIA HighComplexityLaboratory Users</td></tr></table>

# Xpert HemosIL Factor I1 & Factor V Assay 510(k) Summary

# Analytical Sensitivity

Studies were performed to determine the minimum and maximum amount of input patient specimen for both EDTA and sodium citrate anticoagulated whole blood, needed to obtain a correct genotype, such that the lower bound of the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval for the estimated "correct call" fraction is greater than $9 5 \%$ .

EDTA and sodium citrate anticoagulated blood samples were tested $( n { = } 2 0 )$ at 8 volumes varying from $5 \mu \mathrm { L }$ to $2 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ .

Although the assay can tolerate varying volumes from $1 5 \mu \mathrm { L } - 1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L } , 5 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ is the recommended sample volume to minimize the risk of errors associated with limited and excess sample.

# Analytical Specificity

To evaluate the analytical specificity of the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay, normal gene sequences containing silent single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the probe binding region as well as outside the probe binding region were synthesized. The presence of the additional SNP in the probe binding region, in most cases, resulted in an invalid result. When a valid result was obtained, it gave the correct genotype.

The presence of an additional SNP outside the probe binding region resulted in the correct genotyping call.

# Interfering Substances

Patients on heparin therapy and blood transfusion patients may have blood specimens that ·potentially interfere with the PCR results and lead to invalid or erroneous results.

Studies of potentially interfering substances showed no inhibition from up to 14.3 USP units/mL heparin, $1 6 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ bilirubin, $2 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ added cholesterol, or $1 9 3 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ total triglycerides (lipids). No inhibition was observed using whole blood samples which had gone through one freeze-thaw cycle (hemolyzed blood). No statistical significance was observed between matched specimens drawn into EDTA or sodium citrate.

# Clinical Comparison Study

Performance characteristics of the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay were determined in a multi-site investigational study at seven U.S. institutions by the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay relative to bi-directional sequencing.

Specimens included those whose routine care called for collection of whole blood for Factor II and/or Factor V testing. Samples were first tested by routine methods used in each participating laboratory and then aliquots collected for study testing by Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay on the GeneXpert. Excess DNA was sent to a contract laboratory for bi-directional sequencing.

Performance of the Xpert HemosL Factor II & Factor V Assay was calculated relative to bi-directional sequencing results.

# Overall Results

Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay

A total of 1018 samples were tested for Factor II by both the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor. V Assay and bi-directional sequencing. A total of 1014 samples were tested for Factor V by both the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay and bi-directional sequencing. To supplement the homozygous sample size, six human genomic DNA samples homozygous for Factor II and five homozygous for Factor V were also tested by the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay and bi-directional sequencing. The results are presented in Table 5.2.

The Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay demonstrated a $9 9 . 3 \%$ overall accuracy relative to bi-directional sequencing for both Factor II and Factor V.

Table 5.2 - Xpert HemosIL Performance vs. Bi-directional Sequencing   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NumberTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCorrectCalls onFirst Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofInvalidaCalls onFirst Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreementon FirstRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofCorrectCallsIncludingRepeat Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofInvalidaCalls onRepeat Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AgreementAfterRepeatRun</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Factor II G20210A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>968</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>963</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1025b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>.   Factor V G1691A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>860</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td></tr></table>

No discordant results. Invalid results refer to "indeterminate" results. ${ \mathfrak { b } } _ { \mathrm { B i } }$ dienl sequncing results r Factor  were not available or 4 secmens. Bi-directional sequencing results for Factor $v$ were not available for 8 specimens.

# Reproducibility Study

A panel of 5 specimens, consisting of one of each specimen type listed below were tested in duplicate by two different operators on 5 different days at each of three sites (3 specimens x 2 times/day x 2 operators per site x 5 days x 3 sites). One lot of Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay kit was used at each of the 3 testing sites. Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V assays were performed according to the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V procedure. Results are summarized in Tables 5.3 - 5.6.

Study panel:

1. a sample with normal (wildtype) alleles for both Factor II & Factor V;   
2. a sample heterozygous for Factor II mutation (i e., one mutant and one wildtype allele for Factor II gene) and with normal (wildtype) alleles for Factor V;   
3. a sample homozygous for Factor II mutation (i.e., two mutant alleles for Factor II gene) and with normal (wildtype) alleles for Factor V;   
4. a sample with normal (wildtype) alleles for Factor II and homozygous for Factor V mutation (i e., two mutant alleles for Factor V gene);   
5. a sample with normal (wildtype) alleles for Factor II and heterozygous for Factor V mutation (i. e., one mutant and one wildtype allele for Factor V gene)..

Table 5.3 - Summary of Reproducibility Results by Site - Factor II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen W ,k</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HET/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor ⅡI HOM/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3% (59/60)&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreement by Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(59/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%(299/300)a</td></tr></table>

"No discordant results. One sample was indeterminate after retest.

Table 5.4 - Summary of Reproducibility Results by Site - Factor V   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HET/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HOM/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(20/20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%(19/20)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3% (59/60)a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreement by Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(59/60)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%(299/300)a</td></tr></table>

"No discordant results. One sample was indeterminate after retest.

Table 5.5 -Summary of Reproducibility Results by Operator - Factor II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen. ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1  Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreementby Sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IIHET/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor ⅡIHOM/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IINOR/Factor V HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IINOR/Factor V HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)^a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(59/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreementby Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%(49/50)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%(299/300)a</td></tr></table>

No discordant results. One sample was indeterminate after retest.

Table 5.6 - Summary of Reproducibility Results by Operator - Factor V   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Specimen ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% TotalAgreementby Sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Op 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IIHET/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor ⅡIHOM/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IINOR/Factor V HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(60/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IINOR/Factor V HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0%(9/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3%(59/60)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreementby Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0%(49/50)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7%(299/300)a</td></tr></table>

\*No discordant results. One sample was indeterminate after retest.

To assess the between lot reproducibility, the 5-specimen panel described above was analyzed two times per day over 5 testing days using each of three assay lots, at a single testing site $5 ^ { \ast }$ specimens x 2 runs per day x 3 lots x 5 days). A summary of the results by lot is shown in Table 5.7 & 5.8.

Table 5.7 - Summary of Reproducibility Results by Lot \~ Factor II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HET/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HOM/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreement by Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (150/150)</td></tr></table>

Table 5.8  Summary of Reproducibility Results by Lot \~ Factor V   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% TotalAgreement bySample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HET/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II HOM/Factor V NOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II NOR/Factor V HET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(10/10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (30/30)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Total Agreement by Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(50/50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (150/150)</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

The results of the nonclinical analytical and clinical performance studies summarized above demonstrate that the Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay is substantially equivalent to the gold standard (bi-directional sequencing) and the predicate devices.

# Xpert HemosIL Factor II & Factor V Assay 510(k) Summary

# SEP 1 8 2009

Cepheid   
c/o Russel K. Enns, PhD   
Senior Vice President   
Regulatory, Clinical & Government Affairs   
904 Caribbean Drive   
Sunnyvale, CA 94089-1189

Re: k082118 Trade/Device Name: Xpert® HemosI Factor II & Factor V Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7280 Regulation Name: Factor V Leiden DNA mutation detection system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NPQ, NPR, OOI Dated: August 6, 2009 Received: August 7, 2009

Dear Dr. Enns:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device . referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your deviçe is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

Page 2 - Russel K. Enns, PhD

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, PhD   
Director   
Division of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

4.0 Indications for Use Statement   
510(k) Number (f known): 0811%

Device Name: Xpert™ HemosIL® Factor II & Factor V Assay

Indications for Use:

The XpertTM HemosIL® Factor II & Factor V Assay is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic genotyping test for the rapid detection of Factor II and Factor V alleles from sodium citrate or EDTA anticoagulated whole blood. The test is performed on the Cepheid GeneXpert® Dx System. This test is intended to provide rapid results for Factor II (G20210A) and Factor V (Leiden) mutations as an aid in the diagnosis in individuals with suspected thrombophilia.

(aon  Supart D AND/OR (ve rThe-Counep use)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Lene   
Dhvision Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510k) K082118