# 510(k) Summary "This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21CFR 807.92"

"The assigned 510(k) number is: k083724

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Introduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>According to the requirements of 21 CFR 862.1340, thefollowing information provides sufficient details to understandthe basis of a determination of substantial equivalence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1) SubmitterName,Address,Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wiener Laboratorios S.A.I.C.Riobamba 29442000 - Rosario - ArgentinaTel: 54 341 4329191Fax: 54 341 4851986Contact person: Viviana CétolaDate Prepared: 25th November 2008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2) Device name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary name: Wiener lab. Urine StripCommon name: Urinary glucose (non quantitative) test systemOccult blood testClassification names:Regulatory Class I: JIN, JMT, CDM, JIR, JJB, LJX, CEN, JMARegulatory Class II: JIL, JIODevice Class II</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>)Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>We claim substantial equivalence to the currently marketed deviceBayer Multistix® 10SG reagents strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>)Devicedescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Wiener lab. Urine Strip are plastic strips to which glucose, bilirubin,ketone, specific gravity, blood, pH, protein, urobilinogen, nitrite,leucocytes and ascorbic acid reagents pads are affixed.The reagent pads react with the urine and provide a visible colorreaction.The product is packaged in a plastic bottle. Each strip is stable andready to use upon removal from the bottle. The entire reagent stripis disposable. The instructions for use must be followed exactly.Results are obtained by direct comparison of the test strip with thecolor blocks printed on the bottle label. Laboratory instrumentationis not required.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5) Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Wiener lab. Urine Strip is intended for detection of glucose,bilirubin, ketone, specific gravity, blood, pH, protein, urobilinogen,nitrite, leucocytes and ascorbic acid in urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Equivalenciesand differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>The Wiener lab. Urine Strip test system is substantially equivalentto other products in commercial-distribution intended for similaruse. Most notably it is substantially equivalent to the currentlymarketed Bayer Multistix® 10 SG.The following table illustrates the similarities and differencesbetween the Wiener lab. Urine Strip test system and the currentlymarketed Bayer Multistix® 10 SG.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAYER Multistix®10 SG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WIENER LAB.Urine Strip</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>For professional use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedSpecimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaterialsProvided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Plastic strips affixed with several separate reagentareas</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WorkingTemperatureRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-30°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 30°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 seconds - 2 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 seconds - 2 minutes</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoseMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Based on a sequential enzyme reaction. First,glucose oxidase catalyzes the formation of gluconicacid and hydrogen peroxide from the oxidation ofglucose. Then, peroxidase catalyzes the reaction ofhydrogen peroxide with potassium iodide to colorsranging from greenish light-blue through greenish-brown and then to brown</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BilirubinMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the bilirubinand dichloroanilynediazonium cupping andproduces a stronglyacid medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the coupling ofbilirubin with 2,4-dichlorophenyl diazoniumsalt in a strong acidmedium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KetoneMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Based on the reaction of acetoacetic acid in urinewith nitroprusside</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravityMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Based on the pKa change. In the presence ofurinary cations, protons are released from apolyelectrolyte producing a color change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BloodMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Based on the                Based on theperoxidase-like activity pseudoperoxidase activityof hemoglobin, which     of hemoglobin, whichcatalyzes the reaction   catalyzes the reaction ofof diisopropybenzene             3,3&#x27;,5,5&#x27;-dihydroperoxide and  tetramethylbencidine with3,3&#x27;, 5,5&#x27;                 buffered organictetramethylbenzidine          hydroperoxide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pHMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Based on double indicator principle that gives abroad range of colors covering the entire urinary pHrange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProteinMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Based on the color change of the indicator in thepresence of proteins</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UrobilinogenMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on a modified Erlichreaction in which p-diethylaminobenzaldehydein conjunction with a colorenhacer reacts withurobilinogen in a stronglyacidic medium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on thediazotization reactionof a diazonium salt andurinary urobilinogen ina strong acid medium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NitriteMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the reaction ofurinary nitrite and p-arsenilic acid, forming adiazonium compound. Thiscompound reacts with1,2,3,4-tetrahydrobenzo(h)quinoline-3-ol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the reactionof the p-arsanilic acidand nitrite, derivedfrom a dietary nitrate inthe presence ofbacteria in urine, toform a diazoniumcompound. Thiscompound reacts withN-(1-naphthyl)-ethylenediamine in anacidic medium.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LeucocytesMethodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Granulocyte leucocytescontain esterases thatcatalyze the hydrolysis ofthe derivatized pyrrole thatreact with diazonium salt toproduce a purple color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the presenceof granulocyteesterases. Theesterases cleave apyrazol ester derivativeto releasehydroxypyrazolderivative. Thisderivative reacts withdiazonium salt toproduce a purpleproduct.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Proteins: 0.15-0.3 g/l (15-30 mg/dl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood: 150-620 μg/l(0.015-0.062 mg/dl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Blood: 0.015 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nitrite: 0.06-0.1 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Nitrite: 0.05-0.15 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose: 75-125 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Glucose: 100 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketones: 5-10 mg/dlacetoacetic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ketones: 5 mg/dlacetoacetate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin: 0.4-0.8 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bilirubin: 0.5 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7) Conclusion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Above mentioned data show substantial equivalency to thepredicate device</td></tr></table>

Wiener Laboratorios S.A.I.C.   
c/o Dr. Viviana Cetola   
Quality Control/Quality Assurance Manager 2944 Riobamba   
Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina 2000

Re: k083724 Trade/Device Name: Urine Strip Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1340 Regulation Name: Urinary glucose (non-quantitative) test system Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JIL, JIO, CDM, JJB, JIN, JIR, JMT, LJX, CEN, JMA, JRE Dated: July 17, 2009 Received: July 22, 2009

Dear Dr Cetola:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmiarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

4C.

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# . Indication for Use

510(k) Number: k083724

Device Name: Urine Strip

Indication for Use: Urine strip test strips are for "in vitro" diagnostic use and are intended for prescription use near-patient (point of care) and centralized laboratory locations.

Urine Strip includes test pads for qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of urobilinogen, glucose, ketones, bilirubin, proteins, nitrite, $\mathrm { \ p H } _ { \mathrm { \ell } }$ blood, specific gravity, leukocytes and ascorbic acid in urine.

Urine test strips results may provide information regarding the status of carbohydrate metabolism, kidney and liver function, acid-base balance and urinary tract infections. Test results can be used along with other diagnostic information to rule out certain disease states and to determine if microscopic analysis is needed.

The test is to be read visually.

Prescription Use X_ And/Or Over the Counter Use_(21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C) (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and afety

Carof Benen

510(k) k083724

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

K083724