# Premarket Notification 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K08 3729

Submitted by: Aniara Diagnostica, LLC 6560 Gove Ct Mason, Ohio 45040   
Contact Person: Mr. Ola Andersson   
Phone Number: (513) 770-1979   
Fax Number: (513) 573-9241   
Email address: Ola@aniara.com

MAY -8 2009

Date of 510(k) Preparation:

Name of the Devices: 1. HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L Factor V-L Calibrator 3. BIOPHEN V-L CAL (Undiluted) 4. BIOPHEN Act PC-r Control Plasma

Classification Name: Test, Partial Thrombin Time Secondary Calibrator Coagulation Control Plasma

Class:

II

Classification Panels: Hematology (81)

Product Code: GGW, Test, Partial Thrombin Time JIT, Calibrator, Secondary GGN, Plasma, Coagulation Control

Regulation numbers: 864.7925   
862.1150   
864.5425

Identification of the Predicate Device:

COATEST APC Resistance V (K963111) (Chromogenix)

# Description of the Device:

[All devices are manufactured by Hyphen-Biomed]

1HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L is an in vitro diagnostic test kit containing 3 vials of each of the following 2 lyophilized reagents:

R1: Reagent 1: Clotting mixture containing human Fibrinogen, human prothrombin, Protein S at a constant concentration, optimized for the assay, and human Activated Protein C, lyophilized. It also contains a heparin neutralizing substance. Each vial is to be reconstituted with exactly 2 ml of distilled water.

R2: Reagent 2: Purified Human Factor Xa, containing rabbit brain phospholipds (cephalin), lyophilized. Each vial is to be reconstituted with exactly 1 ml of distilled water.

Calibrators and controls to be used with the test kit are supplied separately. The following calibrators and control are included in this submission:

Factor V-L Calibrator is a calibrator kit containing 3 vials each of $1 . 0 m |$ prediluted human plasma (1:20), freeze dried, at 4 different concentrations of FV-L, to cover the assay range, from $1 0 \%$ to $100 \%$ Each vial is restored with $1 . 0 m |$ Owren Koller type buffer.

3. BIOPHEN V-L CAL (Undiluted) is a calibrator kit containing 3 vials each of $\boldsymbol { 0 . 5 \mathsf { m } }$ undiluted human plasma, freeze drid, at  different concentrations FV-L cover the assay rnge from about $10 \%$ to $100 \%$ .Each vial is restored with $0 . 5 m !$ distilled water.

4. BIOPHEN Act PC-r Control Plasma is a controls kit containing 12 vials of $0 . 5 m !$ human plasma, presenting an Activated Protein C Resistance (APC-R), citrated and lyophilized. Each vial is to be reconstituted with exactly $0 . 5 m /$ of distilled water.

5. BIOPHEN Normal Contral Plasma manufactured by Hyphen-Biomed, is also used with the test kit and is currently marketed in the US under 510(k) # K043451. It is a controls kit containing 12 vials of $1 . 0 m |$ of normal citrated human plasma, lyophilized. Each vial is to be reconstituted with exactly $1 . 0 m ^ { \prime }$ of distilled water.

# Intended Use:

1. HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L is a clotting method for measuring the Factor V Leiden (FVL) activity in human citrated $p$ lasma, by its resistance to the action of Activated Protein C (ÅPC). The assay is performed in the presence of Activated Protein C and Protein S (one single test for each patient). In the presence of APC, the prolongation of clotting time is an inverse relationship of the concentration of Factor $v$ -Leiden (mutation R506Q). Normal Factor V is not measured.

2. Factor V-L Calibrator is lyophilized, pre-diluted (1:20) human plasmas, at defined Factor VLein FV-L)conentrations, or he caliration  FactorV-L activiy quantiative clotti assay on human citrated plasma, using the HEMOCLOT Quanti. V-L Kit (ref Ck065K).

3. BIOPHEN V-L CAL (Undiluted) is lyophilized, undiluted human plasmas, at defined Factor V. Leiden (FV-L) concentrations for the calibration curve of Factor V-L activity quantitative clotting assay on human citrated plasma, using HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L Kit (ref Ck065K).

4BIOPHEN Act PC-r Control Plasma kit contains human plasma, presenting an activated Protein C Resistance (APC-R), usually correlated with the genetic mutation of Factor V

R506Q. This plasma is used as quality control plasma for the testing of Activated Protein C Resistance (APC-R).

5(Updated) BIOPHEN Normal Control Plasma is a set of 12 vials of normal citrated human plasma for the quality control of some coagulation factors. The following table shows the various parameters, which are measured using assays from HYPHEN BioMed or from other manufacturers, and according to the package inserts:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen ATIIl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyphen Biomed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221102/221105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyphen Biomed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221202/221205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aPC resistance (FVLeiden</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoclot Quanti V-L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyphen Biomed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK065K</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LupusAnticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DWtest®/DWconfirm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmericanDiagnostica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810/815/815L</td></tr></table>

DVVtest, DVconfirm are registered trade marks from American Diagnostica, Inc.

The BIOPHEN Normal Control Plasma is tested for the absence of Lupus Anticoagulant and can be used as a negative control for this investigation. This control plasma is also tested for the absence of Activated Protein C resistance (Act PC-r). When the APTT is performed with or without Activated Protein C (APC) the ratio obtained (APTT $\mathbf { + }$ APC/APTT) is $\geq 2 . 0 0$ .

# Statement of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Device:

HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L, BIOPHEN V-L CAL (Undiluted), Factor V-L Calibrator, BIOPHEN Act PC-r Control Plasma, and BIOPHEN Normal Control Plasma are substantially equivalent in performance, intended use and safety and effectiveness to COATEST APC Resistance V (K963111).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L, FactorV-L Calibrator, Biophen V-LCAL (undiluted), Biophen ActPC-r Control Plasma, BiophenNormal Control Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COATEST APC ResistanCe V(K963111). Control Plasmas Level 1and Level 2 are included in thisdevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of Factor V Leidenactivity in human citrated plasmaby its resistance to the action ofActivated Protein C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clotting Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Citrated Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of Factor V Leidencoagulation activity based oninsensitivity of Factor V Leiden tothe action of Activated Protein C.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability ofUnopenedReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable at 2-8°C until expiry date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls,Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated human plasma,lyophilized, to provide qualitycontrol in the normal range. APC VRatio &gt; 2.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls,Abnormal (APCResistant)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated human plasma,lyophilized, to provide qualitycontrol for APC resistant range ofthe assay. APC V Ratio ≤ 1.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay is performed in thepresence of Activated Protein Cand Protein S (one single test foreach patient). In the presence ofAPC, prolongation of clotting timeis inversely related to the amountof Factor V Leiden. Normal FactorV is not measured. APCresistance due to Factor V Leidenis indicated when the %FVL valueis above or equal to the cut-offvalue.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay is performed in the presenceand absence of Activated Protein C(two tests for each patient). In thepresence of APC, prolongation ofclotting time is directly related to theconcentration of Normal Factor V, andinversely related to the amount ofFactor V Leiden. APC resistance dueto Factor V Leiden is indicated whenthe APC-V ratio is below or equal tothe cut-off value.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayCalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay of calibrator plasma atdefined Factor V Leidenconcentrations. Calibrator plasmas</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">available in prediluted (EVLCalibrator) and undiluted(BIOPHEN V-L Cal) form,lyophilized.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal plasmas measure ≤10%FVL. APCr plasmas measure&gt;25% FVL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal cut-off value (ratio) determinedby assay of normal patient plasmasand statistical analysis of the results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test SampleDilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test sample diluted in OwrenKoller type buffer (not included inkit)..</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test sample diluted with V-Def Plasma(included in kit).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls,Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biophen Normal Control Plasmasold separately from kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Plasma Level 1 included in kit.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls,Abnormal (APCResistant)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biophen Act. PC-r Control Plasmasold separately from kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Plasma Level 2 included in kit.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls,Normal &amp;Abnormal (APCResistant)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%FVL &lt; 10% (Normal Control);%FVL between 25% and 75%(APCr Control)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Value of APC-R provided as ratio only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Stability ofReconstitutedReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">R1 and R2 reagents: 24 hrs at 2-8°C; 12 hrs at 18-25°C; 1 monthfrozen at -20°C or below.Control Plasmas and Calibrators:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">When stored in original vials: V-DefPlasma: 8 hrs at 15-25°C; 24 hrs at 2-8°C; 3 months at -20°C or below.CaCl and APTT reagent: 1 month at2-8°C; 1 week at 15-25°C. APC/CaClreagent: 2 hrs at 37°C; 8 hrs at 15-25C; 5 days at 2-8°C; 3 months at -20C°or below. Control Plasmas: 6 hrs at 2-25°C or 3 months at -20°C or below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APC/Ca</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 hrs at room temperature; 24h at2-8°C; Do Not Freeze.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data:

Hemoclot Quanti V-L

The HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L (Hyphen-Biomed) assay shows good consistency with Coatest APCr kit (Chromogenix), as shown from data combined from 4 studies (2 in US, 2 in Europe):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Coatest APCr</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HemoclotQuanti V-L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inconclusive*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-positivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-negativity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*Outside of the range of the assay, between $10 \%$ and $2 5 \%$ FVL.

The Hemoclot Quanti VL Assay shows good consistency with Molecular Biology results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MolecularBiology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HemoclotFVL-Q</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Agreement              100.00%Co-positivity             100.00%Co-negativity            100.00%Sample Size            21</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility of the Hemoclot Quanti V-L assay for 2 plasmas at different FVL concentrations, using the KC10, STAR or Water Bath instrument:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intra Assay CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Inter Assay CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%FVL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT(sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%FVL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (100% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (50% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Inter Assay CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On CT (sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On %FVL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>KC10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (25% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (10% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>STAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (25% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (10% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>WATER BATH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (25% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (10% FVL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The performance studies demonstrate that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in safety and effectiveness.

# MAY - 8 2009

Aniara Diagnostica, LLC c/o Ms. Ola Anderson 6560 Gove Ct. Mason, OH 45040

Re: k083729 Trade/Device Name: HEMOCLOT Quanti V-L, Factor V-L Calibrator, Biophen V-L Cal (Undiluted), Biophen ACT PC-r Control Plasma and Biophen Normal Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7925 Regulation Name: Partial thromboplastin time tests Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGW, GGN, JIT Dated: April 07, 2009 Received: April 20, 2009

Dear Ms. Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassificd in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice

# Page 2 - Ms. Ola Anderson

requirements as.set forth in thc quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. For more information regarding the reporting of adverse events, please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/mdr/. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, PhD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# K083729

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>O c lase,  innctiro).</td></tr><tr><td>Patients with the Factor V-L (mutalion R506Q),. are exposed to an increased thrombotic risk.</td></tr><tr><td>human plasma, using the Hemoclot Quanti V-L kit.</td></tr><tr><td>Factor V-L activily on human plasma using Hemoclot Quanti V-L Kit.</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td> or from other manufacturers, and according to the package inserts:</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen ATIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyphen Biomed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221102/221105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biophen Protcin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyphen Biomed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221202/221205</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>aPC resistance(FV Leiden)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoclot Quanti V-L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyphen Biomed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK065K</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LupusAnticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DVVtest®/DVVconfirm®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AmericanDiagnostica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>810/815/815L</td></tr></table>

DVVtesl, DVVconfirm are registered trademarks from American Diagnostica, Inc.

ths investigation.This control plasma is also tested or the absence o Activatdrotein resistance $P ( \mu , \mu )$ : When the APTT is performed with or without Activated Protein C (APC) the ratio obtained (APTT $^ { + }$ APC/APTT) is $\geq 2 . 0 0$ .

# Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510K) K083729