# 510(k) Summary

# Applicant Contact Information:

Applicant: Instrumentation Laboratory Co.   
Address: 113 Hartwell Avenue   
Lexington, MA 02421   
Contact Person: Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director Alternate Contact: Gabriella Erdosy, Regulatory Affairs Associate Phone Number: 781-861-4467   
Fax Number: 781-861-4207   
Preparation Date: February 26, 2009

Device Trade Names:ACLTM AcuStarTMHemosILTM AcuStarTM D-DimerHemosILTM AcuStarTM D-Dimer Controls

# Device Regulatory Information:

Regulation Nos.: Regulation Names:

21 CFR 864.7320 (Assay); 21 CFR 864.5425 (Instrument and Controls)   
Multipurpose System for In Vitro Coagulation Studies   
Fibrinogen and Fibrin Split Products, Antigen, Antiserum, Control (Assay)   
Plasma, Coagulation Controls (Controls)   
Class 11   
JPA (Instrument), DAP (Assay) and GGN (Controls)   
Hematology

Regulatory Class: Product Codes: Panel:

# Predicate Devices:

K891385 VIDAS InstrumentK040882 VIDAS D-Dimer Exclusion AssayK073377 ACL TOPK070927 HemosIL D-Dimer HSK972696 HemosIL D-Dimer Controls

# Device Indications for Use:

ACL AcuStar: Automated immunoassay analyzer designed specifically for in vitro diagnostic use in a clinical laboratory. The assay analysis is based on chemiluminescent technology. The system provides results for both direct measurements and calculated parameters.

HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of D-Dimer in human citrated plasma on the ACL AcuStar as an aid in the diagnosis of venous thromboembolism (VTE) [deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE)].

HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer Controls: For the quality control of D-Dimer assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

# 510(k) Summary (Cont.)

# Device Descriptions:

ACL AcuStar: The AcuStar is an automated, bench-top system for lab use that measures the analyte amount in blood samples by: Subjecting the blood sample to reagents that cause a reaction with an antigen or antibody in the sample. Placing the cuvettes in a controlled environment to allow the reactants to bind into a complex. Separating out the complex from unused reactants. • Treating this complex with a chemical that produces light in proportion to the analyte concentration. 9 Measuring the light output to determine the amount of antibodies or antigens that were in the sample.

# HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer:

The HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer assay is a two-step immunoassay to quantify D-Dimer in human citrated plasma using magnetic particles as solid phase and a chemiluminescent detection system. In the first step, sample, anti-D-Dimer antibody coated magnetic particles, and assay buffer are combined, and the fibrin soluble derivatives containing the D-Dimer domain present in the sample bind to the anti-D-Dimer antibody coated magnetic particles. After magnetic separation and washing, an anti-XDP antibody labeled with isoluminol is added and incubated in a second step. After a new magnetic separation and washing, two triggers are added and the resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as relative light units (RLUs) by the ACL AcuStar optical system. The RLUs are directly proportional to the D-Dimer concentration in the sample. The ACL AcuStar D-Dimer assay utilizes a 4 Parameter Logistic Curve (4PLC) fit data reduction method to generate a Master Curve. The Master Curve is predefined lot dependent, and is stored in the instrument through the cartridge barcode. With the measurement of calibrators, the predefined Master Curve is transformed to a new, instrument specific 4PLC Working Curve. The concentration values of the calibrators are included in the calibrator plastic tube barcodes.

# HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer Controls:

The Low, High, and Very High D-Dimer Controls are prepared by means of a dedicated process and contain different concentrations of partially purified D-Dimer obtained by digestion of Factor XIIIa cross-linked human fibrin with human plasmin.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences andSimilarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:ACL AcuStar andHemosIL AcuStar D-Dimerand HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer Ctrls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices:ACL TOP (K073377) withHemosIL D-Dimer HS (K070927)and HemosIL D-Dimer Controls(K972696)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices:VIDAS Instrument (K891385) withVIDAS D-Dimer Exclusion Assay(K040882)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automated chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the quantitativedetermination of D-Dimer in humancitrated plasma on the ACL AcuStar as anaid in the diagnosis of venousthromboembolism (VTE) [deep veinthrombosis (DVT) and pulmonaryembolism (PE)].</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated latex enhancedimmunoassay for the quantitativedetermination of D-Dimer in humancitrated plasma on the ACL TOPFamily Systems for use in conjunctionwith a clinical pretest probability (PTP)assessment model to exclude venousthromboembolism (VTE) in outpatientssuspected of deep venous thrombosis(DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated quantitative test for use on theVIDAS analyzers for the immunoenzymatdetermination of fibrin degradation produe(FbDP) in citrated human plasma using thELFA techniques (Enzyme LinkedFluorescent Assay). The VIDASD-Dimer Exclusion assay is indicated foruse in conjunction with a clinical Pre-testProbability (PTP) assessment model toexclude deep venous thrombosis (DVT) apulmonary embolism (PE) in outpatientssuspected of DVT and PE.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single cartridge containing reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized Latex Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready-to-use strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex-enhanced immunoturbidmetricassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step enzyme immunoassay sandwichmethod with a final fluorescent detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL AcuStar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP family of analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS instruments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer Calibrator (included in kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer Calibrator (included in kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer Calibrator (included in kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcuStar D-Dimer Controls,Low, High and Very High (soldseparately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer Controls,Low and High (sold separately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer Controls (included in kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.51 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 ng/mL (FEU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.3 - 1110000 ng/mL with Auto Rerun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 - 69000 ng/mL with Auto Rerun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-10000 ng/mL (FEU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL (FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230 ng/mL (D-Dimer Units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL (FEU)</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary (Cont.)

# Summary Performance Data:

# Precision

Precision was assessed over multiple runs using the three levels of HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer Controls and the kit Calibrator Level 1 on an ACL AcuStar instrument:

<table><tr><td>ACL AcuStar</td><td>Mean (ng/m L)</td><td>CV% (Within run)</td><td>CV% (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>Low D-Dimer Control</td><td>234</td><td>4.0%</td><td>6.8%</td></tr><tr><td>High D-Dimer Control</td><td>841</td><td>2.3%</td><td>4.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Very High D-Dimer Control</td><td>8467</td><td>2.5%</td><td>5.6%</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator 1</td><td>358</td><td>2.7%</td><td>5.4%</td></tr></table>

# Method Com parison

An in-house method comparison study was performed to compare the performance of HemoslL AcuStar D-Dimer on an ACL AcuStar versus the VIDAS D-Dimer Exclusion Assay with the following results:

<table><tr><td>n 179</td><td>Slope 1.16</td><td>r 0.888</td></tr></table>

# Management Study

A management study was performed on 344 frozen citrated plasmas from patients admitted to an emergency unit with suspected PE or DVT (frequency of venous thrombosis disease $2 8 . 2 \% )$ . Of the 344 samples, 97 were confirmed as VTE positive (64 PE and 33 DVT) by standard objective tests and the remaining 247 were confirmed as negative.

<table><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>N</td><td>Cut-off</td><td>% Sensitivity (95% CD)</td><td>% Specificity (95% CI)</td><td>% NPV (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL AcuStar</td><td>344</td><td>500 ng/mL</td><td>100% (96.3%-100.0%)</td><td>55.5% (49.0%-61.8%)</td><td>100% (97.3%-100.0%)</td></tr></table>

# MAR 1 3 2009

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. c/o Ms. Carol Marble Regulatory Affairs Director 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Re: k083518 Trade/Device Name: ACLTM AcuStarTM, HemosIL ™M AcuStarTM D-Dimer and HemsILTM AcuStarTM D-Dimer Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7320 Regulation Name: Fibrinogen/Fibrin Degradation Product Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA, DAP, GGN Dated: February 26, 2009 Received: February 27, 2009

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin

marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

manain Chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

K083518

# 510(k) Number (if known):

Devices Name: ACLTM AcuStarTMHemosILTM AcuStarTM D-DimerHemosILTM AcuStarTM D-Dimer Controls

# Indications for Use:

ACL AcuStar: Automated immunoassay analyzer designed specifically for in vitro diagnostic use in a clinical laboratory. The assay analysis is based on chemiluminescent technology. The system provides results for both direct measurements and calculated parameters.

HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer: Fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of D-Dimer in human citrated plasma on the ACL AcuStar as an aid in the diagnosis of venous thromboembolism (VTE) [deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE)].

HemosIL AcuStar D-Dimer Controls: For the quality control of D-Dimer assay performed on the ACL AcuStar.

Prescription Use √ AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Dupline vision sigh-b Office  n Vir Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k). K083518