# 510(k) Summary

# 1. Submitter's Name / Contact Person

Dr. Volker-Joachim Friemert   
Head of Quality Management and Regulatory Affairs   
Pentapharm GmbH   
Stahlgruberring 12   
81829 Munich   
Germany

Contact: Office: +49-89-454295-0 Dr. Volker-Joachim Friemert: +49-89-454295-11 Fax: +49-89-454295-22 E-mail: volker-joachim.friemert@rotem.de

# 2. Identification of the Product

Trade Name: ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System Common Name: Whole Blood Haemostasis System Classification Name: Multipurpose System for In Vitro Coagulation Studies

# 3. Identification of the Predicate

Thrombelastograph® Coagulation Analyzer $( T E G ^ { \otimes } ) - 5 0 0 0$ Series K002177, Product Code JPA, Haemoscope Corp.

# 4. Description of the Device

The ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System consists of a fourcolumn instrument (with integrated computer module, computer controlled electronic pipette, software), system reagents (in-TEM®, hep-TEM®, star-TEM®), quality controls (ROTROL N, ROTROL P) and measurement cells (Cup and Pin pro). The blood sample is filled into a cylindrical cup. A pin oscillates permanently while it is immersed in the blood holding cup. The motion of the pin is detected by an optical detection system. Data are processed and analyzed by a computer with special software. If no clotting takes place, the movement of the pin is not obstructed. When a clot forms and attaches itself to the pin and cup surfaces, the movement is obstructed. As the clot becomes firmer, the rotational movement of the pin is reduced. The rotational

movement of the pin is converted into an amplitude with the following definitions applying to the thromboelastogram (TEM): An amplitude of 0 mm means unobstructed rotation, while an amplitude of 100mm can be regarded as infinite firmness and blocking of the pin by the clot. The TEM amplitude is a measure of the clot firmness.

# 5. Intended Use

The ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System is designed for invitro diagnostic use by professionals in a laboratory environment. The ROTEM® system is intended to be used to provide a qualitative and quantitative indication of the coagulation state of a blood sample. For this purpose the ROTEM® system records the clot firmness changes in a sample of citrated whole blood as the sample clots, retracts and lyses in real time. The analyzer output consists of a qualitative graphical representation (mirrored coagulation curve - clot firmness over time) and several defined numerical parameters describing the curve quantitatively.

The ROTEM® system provides specific blood modifiers (so-called reagents) intended to be used with the system, as additive to the blood sample.

The results of the ROTEM® analysis should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis, but should be evaluated together with the patient's medical history (anamnesis), the clinical picture and, if necessary, further coagulations tests.

# 6. Summary of Technological Characteristics of the Product, Compared with the Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROTEM® delta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEG® 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fully integratedThromboelastometryinstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thrombelastographyinstrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shear elasticity of acoagulating sampleby motion of pin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shear elasticity of acoagulating sampleby motion of cup</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Channels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Generation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oscillating pin instationary cup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oscillation cuparound stationary pin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Transducer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical 4 CCD chips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical-mechanicaltransducer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30-40 C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360 μl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Reaction Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320-340 μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360-380 μl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Voltage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110-230 V, 50-60 Hz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 V, 60 Hz and220 V, 50 Hz modelavailable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stable and levelsurface.Operatingtemperature: 15-30 C.Storage temperature0-50 rel. humidity 20-85%.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vibration freeposition, no solarradiation.Operatingtemperature: 10-35 C.Storage temperature-30-50 Crel. humidity 20-80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Position</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level to 5°inclination</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level ad justed byleveling feet and tevel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operable to Heightabove Sea Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 m (6560 ft)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3048 m (10000 ft)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Initial Warm Up Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-15 min (dependingon room temperature)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 min</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipetting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronic pipette(20-320 μl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual pipettes(10, 20, 360, 1000 μl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents /Accessories:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intrinsic ContactActivation Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">in-TEM® (ellagic acid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kaolin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparinase I Reagent(for heparinneutralization)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hep-TEM®(heparinase 1, CaCl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup (single use)coated withheparinase 1orHeparinase I reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium ChlorideReagent(for recalcification)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">star-TEM(CaCl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CaCl reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control Material(level I control)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROTROL N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEG® coagulationcontrol - level I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control Material(level II control)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROTROL P</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TEG® coagulationcontrol - level II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cups &amp; Pins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup &amp; Pin pro(Acrylic plasticdisposables)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cups &amp; Pins(Acrylic plasticdisposables)</td></tr></table>

# 7. Executive Summary of the Study Report

In this study, the performance characteristics of the ROTEM® delta Whole Blood Haemostasis System (ROTEM®) were investigated and three assays were compared to the predicate device TEG® 5000 $( T E G ^ { \otimes } )$ in support of a 510(k) submission for ROTEM®.

The three ROTEM® tests NATEM, INTEM and HEPTEM were compared to their predicate tests on $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ The NATEM test represents the classical non-activated thrombelastographic method corresponding to the non-activated $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ T NTEM s cva y the intrinsic activator reagent ellagic acid corresponding to the intrinsically activated Kaolin test on $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ The HEPTEM is activated as the INTEM by ellagic acid and additionally contains heparinase for heparin neutralization corresponding to the Kaolin $^ +$ Heparinase test of $T E G ^ { \otimes }$

For all three tests, the ROTEM® was shown to have high precision in its primary parameter clot firmness and adequate precision in its secondary coagulation kinetics parameters.

The method comparison with $T E G ^ { \circledcirc }$ showed equality of the clot firmness (MCF vs. MA). The kinetic parameters (CT vs. R, CFT vs. K, Alpha Angle vs. Angle) showed a linear correlation between ROTEM® and $\mathsf { T E G } ^ { \otimes } ( \mathsf { r } { > } 0 . 8 )$ As expected, slope of the correlation between the two systems was not equal to one and intercepts were not equal to zero in the kinetic parameters as the respective tests use different activation reagents and each test has its own distinct reference ranges. Heparin sensitivities of the respective intrinsic ROTEM® and $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ tests also differed. ROTEM® was more sensitive for higher heparin concentrations than $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ and allowed for an analysis of heparin concentrations normally seen during cardiovascular surgery; while $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ was unable to demonstrate any coagulation in these cases.

Reference ranges for the ROTEM® tests NATEM and INTEM were estimated using CSLI protocols on three clinical US reference sample groups. The reference ranges determined showed no significant center-to-center deviations and were in accordance with the reference ranges determined in earlier studies on European reference sample groups.

Three interfering substances widely used in coagulation management, the antifibrinolytic drugs aprotinin, tranexamic acid and epsilon-amino caproic acid (EACA) were investigated. Dose-response curves were investigated for heparin, for dilution and for urokinase on the INTEM model in order to verify the diagnostic principles of   
thrombelastographic methods on ROTEM®.

In summary, ROTEM® is a precise Whole Blood Haemostasis System with the typical performance characteristics of a thrombelastographic method (aprotinin interference on the contact activated and intrinsically activated tests, heparin sensitivity of the intrinsic test and sensitivity to dilution and lysis induced by urokinase in-vitro). Its reference ranges are reproducible from center to center. The method comparison with TEG® shows equality of the primary parameter clot firmness and a linear regression and good correlation in the secondary kinetic parameters. In comparison to the $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ the ROTEM® is optimized for a rapid diagnosis (employing stronger activation for shorter activation and test times) accompanied by a shift of the detection range of heparin in the intrinsically activated test.

In aggregate the data presented in this report demonstrate that the ROTEM® system and the three assays described are substantially equivalent to the predicate $T E G ^ { \otimes }$ System and corresponding assays.

# 8. Conclusion (Statement of Equivalence)

The data and information provided in this submission support a   
substantial equivalence determination, and, therefore, clearance of the 510(k) premarket notification for the ROTEM® delta   
Thromboelastometry System.   
Pentapharm GmbH   
c/o Dr. Volker-Joachim Friemert   
Head of Quality Management and Regulatory Affairs   
Stahlgruberring 12   
Munich, Germany 81829   
Re: k083842   
Trade/Device Name: ROTEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ delta Thromboelastometry System: in-TEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Assay hep-TEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Assay NATEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Assay Star-TEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ROTEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ delta instrument ROTROL N ROTROL P   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425   
Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: JPA, GGN   
Dated: July 27, 2009   
Received: July 29, 2009

Dear Dr. Friemert:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for arinual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21,

Page 2 - Dr. Friemert

Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requrements as t forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (1 CFR Part 0.Thi lette will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notiiation" (1 CR Par 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting dverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htn for the CDRH's Offce of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 083842

Device Name:

ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System

# Indications for Use

The ROTEM® delta is a non-invasive diagnostic instrument designed to monitor and analyze the coagulation state of a blood sample in order to assist in the assessment of patient clinical hemostasis conditions. The indication for ROTEM® delta use is with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired.

Coagulation evaluations with the ROTEM® delta are commonly used to assess clinical conditions in organ transplantation, cardiovascular surgery, cardiology procedures and trauma to assess post-operative hemorrhage and / or thrombosis.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

li Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostlc Device Evaluatlon and Safety K083842 510(k)...

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K083842

Device Name: ROTROL N

Indications for Use

ROTROL N is a quality control material for monitoring accuracy and precision o tests carried out on the ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Division Sign-Off OffIce of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510( K083842

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K083842

Device Name: ROTROL P

Indications for Use

ROTROL P is a quality control material for monitoring accuracy and precision of tests carried out on the ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Lirk   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of in Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safely KO83842   
510(k).

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K083842

Device Name: in-TEM® Assay

# Indications for Use

Tn OT delta Thromboelastometry System to monitor the coagulation process via the intrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood specimens.Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameters Clotting Time (CT), Speed of Clot Formation (CFT and alpha angle), Clot Firmness (A20/MCF) and Clot Lysis (LOT, ML, $\mathsf { L I } ( \mathsf { x } ) )$ .

The indication for ROTEM® delta use is with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired. Coagulation evaluations with the $R \circ \mathsf { T E M } ^ { \otimes }$ delta are commonly used to assess clinical conditions in organ transplantation, cardiovascular surgery, cardiology procedures and trauma to assess post-operative hemorrhage and / or thrombosis.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Lenef. Divislon Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 5100k) K0P3842

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K083842

Device Name: hep-TEM® Assay

Indications for Use

The hep-TEM® assay is a semi-quantitative in vitro diagnostic assay used on the ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System to monitor the coagulation process, via the intrinsic pathway in the presence of unfractionated heparin, in citrated whole blood s.Te e-® eant  u ivathpr  at unfractionated heparin. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameters Clotting Time (CT), Speed of Clot Formation (CFT and alpha angle), Clot Firmness (A20/MCF) and Clot Lysis (LOT, ML, L(x)).

The indication for ROTEM® delta use is with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired. Coagulation evaluations with the ROTEM® delta are commonly used to assess clinical conditions in organ transplantation, cardiovascular surgery, cardiology procedures and trauma to assess post-operative hemorrhage and / or thrombosis.

Prescription Use)_ X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

te   
Divislon Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Dlagnostilc   
Device Evaluation and Safety   
510 K083842

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K083842

Device Name: NATEM Assay

# Indications for Use

The NATEM assay is a semi-quantitative in vitro diagnostic assay used on the ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System to monitor the coagulation process, contact-activated by the surface of the measurement cell, in citrated whole blood specimens. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameters Clotting Time (CT), Speed of Clot Formation (CFT and alpha angle), Clot Firmness (A20/MCF) and Clot Lysis (LOT, ML, $\lfloor | \langle \times \rangle \rangle$ .

The indication for ROTEM® delta use is with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired. Coagulation evaluations with the ROTEM® delta are commonly used to assess clinical conditions in organ transplantation, cardiovascular surgery, cardiology procedures and trauma to assess post-operative hemorrhage and / or thrombosis.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Lenkr Division sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatlon and Safely 510(k) K083842

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K083842

Device Name: Star-TEM® Reagent

# Indications for Use

The star-TEM® Reagent is intended for use as a recalcification reagent in the NATEM and INTEM assays on the ROTEM® delta Thromboelastometry System.

The indication for ROTEM® delta use is with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired. Coagulation evaluations with the ROTEM® delta are commonly used to assess clinical conditions in organ transplantation, cardiovascular surgery, cardiology procedures and trauma to assess post-operative hemorrhage and / or thrombosis.

Prescription Use) _ X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF EDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Lenk   
Divislon Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510) K083842