# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K083878.

# Applicant Name and Address

JUN 2 5 2010

Applicant: r2 Diagnostics, Inc. Address: 1801 Commerce Drive South Bend, IN 46628 Contact Person: Marc D. Goldford Phone #: 574-288-4377 Fax #: 574-288-2272 Email: marc@@r2diagnostics.com Date of Preparation: 23 Jun 2010

# Device Name(s)

Trade Name: LupoTek Detectin VL LupoTek Correctin VL   
Classification Name: Reagent, Russell Viper Venom (21CFR 864.8950, Product Code GIR

Trade Name: PlasmaCon LA Classification Name: Abnormal control plasma (21CFR 864.5425, Product Code GGC)

# Predicate Device(s)

LupoTek Detectin VL: Diagnostica Stago DRVV Screen (K061805) LupoTek Correctin VL: Diagnostica Stago DRVV Confirm (K061805) PlasmaCon LA: American Diagnostica LAtrol Abnormal Control (K935254)

# Device Description(s)

LupoTek Detectin VL and LupoTek Correctin VL use Vipera lebetina venom rather than Vipera russelli (Russell's Viper) venom in the dRVVT assay for lupus anticoagulant. Vipera lebetina venom, like Russell's viper venom, will directly activate Factor X without requiring Factor VII. The activated Factor X in conjunction with Factors V, II, calcium ions and phospholipid will generate thrombin which converts fibrinogen to fibrin, producing a clot in the test system. LupoTek Detectin VL, the low phospholipid reagent, is designed as the screening reagent to detect a prolongation of the clotting time. LupoTek Correctin VL is the high phospholipid reagent that neutralizes the LA and corrects the clotting time to normal, confirming the presence of a Lupus Anticoagulant.

PlasmaCon LA is a lyophilized Lupus Anticoagulant (LA) positive plasma suitable for use as a quality control plasma for in vitro diagnostic assays in the clinical coagulation laboratory sensitive for the presence of LA

# Intended Use(s)

LupoTek Detectin VL and Correctin VL test kits are qualitative tests intended to aid in the detection of lupus anticoagulants (LA) in citrated human plasma by the dilute Russell's viper venom method in professional clinical laboratories.

PlasmaCon LA is intended for use as ari LA positive, abnormal quality control plasma to monitor the performance of diagnostic assays, performed in professional clinical laboratories, for the presence of lupus anticoagulants in citrated plasma.

# Technological Characteristic Summary

The in vitro diagnostics device(s) presented in this 510(k) submission, LupoTek Detectin VL, LupoTek Correctin VL, and PlasmaCon LA are substantially equivalent, respectively, to the Stago DRVV Screen, Stago DRVV Confirm, and American Diagnostica LAtrol Abnormal Control in vitro diagnostics devices.

One hundred fifty-five patient samples with various clinical conditions including LA were analyzed in three sites with the LupoTek Detectin VL / Correctin VL and the Stago DRVV Screen / Confirm kits. The percent positive agreement was $9 8 \%$ and the percent negative agreement was $9 6 \%$ .

Comparisons of the submitted kits and their respective predicate kits are summarized in the tables below:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Comparison of submitted devices LupoTek Detectin VL and Correctin VL topredicate device Stago DRVV Screen and Confirm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ltem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LupoTek DetecTin VL andCorrecTin VL test kits arequalitative tests intended to aidin the detection of lupusanticoagulants (LA) in citratedhuman plasma by the diluteRussell's viper venom methodin professional clinicallaboratories.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The STA Staclot dRVV Screenand STA Staclot dRVV Confirmkits are intended for thedetection of the lupusanticoagulants(LA) in plasmaby the dilute Russell's vipervenom test (1) performed withanalyzers of the STA linesuitable to these reagents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated human plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated human plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vipera lebetina venom, likeRussell's viper venom, willdirectly activate Factor Xwithout requiring Factor VII.The activated Factor X inconjunction with Factors V, II,calcium ions and phospholipidwill generate thrombin whichconverts fibrinogen to fibrin,producing a clot in the testsystem.The LupoTek DetecTin VL isdesigned as the screeningreagent to detect a prolongationof the clotting time. TheLupoTek CorrecTin VL is ahigh phospholipid reagent thatneutralizes the LA and correctsthe clotting time to normal,confirming the presence of aLupus Anticoagulant.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lupus anticoagulants areantibodies directed againstphospholipid/protein complexes.Staclot速 dRVV Screen test isperformed with a lowphospholipids concentrationreagent to screen samples. Iflupus anticoagulants are present,the clotting time willbe prolonged.The Staclot速 dRVV ConfirmReagent contains a higherphospholipids concentrationto neutralize the LA present inthe plasma to be tested. Theclotting time obtainedwith the Staclot速 dRVVConfirm Reagent will be shorterthan the one observed withthe Staclot速 dRVV Screenreagent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized reagents consistingof venom, phospholipid,anti-heparin agent, calcium,buffers, stabilizers, and a dye.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized reagents consistingof venom, phospholipid,anti-heparin agent, calcium,buffers, and stabilizers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lupus anticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lupus anticoagulants</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMPY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venom source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vipera lebetina</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vipera russelli</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectin VL: BlueCorrectin VL: Pink</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screen: GreenConfirm: Light Orange</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReconstitutedStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8C: 24 hrRT: 8 hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8C: not listedRT: not listedOn-board STA Compact: 72 hrs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2: Comparison of submitted device PlasmaCon LA topredicate device American Diagnostica LAtrol Abnormal Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PlasmaCon LA is intended foruse as an LA positive, abnormalquality control plasma tomonitor the performance ofdiagriostic assays, performed inprofessional clinicallaboratories, for the presence ofLupus Anticoagulants (LA) incitrated human plasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The LAtrol Abnormal controland LAtrol Normal controlplasmas have been developedfor use as part of daily qualitycontrol procedures for LupusAnticoagulant (LA) testing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Constituent material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated human plasma positivefor Lupus Anticoagulant(s).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated human plasma positivefor Lupus Anticoagulant(s).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lupus Anticoagulant(s) inthe abnormal control plasmalengthen the clotting times ofLA sensitive diagnostic assays.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lupus Anticoagulant(s) inthe abnormal control plasmalengthen the clotting times ofLA sensitive diagnostic assays.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte being tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lupus anticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lupus anticoagulants</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">:        Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReconstitutedStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8C: 8 hrRT: 4 hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8C: 8 hr(RT: not listed)</td></tr></table>

# Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Document Mail Center-WO66-G609 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

$\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 }$ Diagnostics   
c/o Mr. Marc D. Goldford   
Director, Research and Development   
1801 Commerce Drive   
South Bend, IN 46628   
Re: k083878   
Trade/Device Name: LupoTek DetecTin VL LupoTek CorrecTin VL PlasmaCon LA Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\mathfrak { S } 8 6 4 . 8 9 5 0$ EY Regulation Name: Russell viper venom reagent Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GIR, GGC Dated: April 21, 2010 Received: April 22, 2010

Dear Mr. Goldford:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Viro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K083878

Device Name: PlasmaCon LA

Indication For Use: PlasmaCon LA is intended for use as an LA positive, abnormal quality control plasma to monitor the performance of diagnostic assays, performed in professional clinical laboratories, for the presence of lupus anticoagulants in citrated plasma.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Senk.   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) KO83878

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K083878

Device Names: LupoTek Detectin VL and LupoTek Correctin VL

Indication For Use: LupoTek DetecTin VL and CorrecTin VL test kits are qualitative tests intended to aid in the detection of lupus anticoagulants (LA) in citrated human plasma by the dilute Russell's viper venom method in professional clinical laboratories.