# 510(k) Summary

K090209

# Applicant Contact Information:

JUN - 2 2009

Applicant: Instrumentation Laboratory Co.   
Address: 113 Hartwell Avenue   
Lexington, MA 02421   
Contact Person: Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director Phone Number: 781-861-4467   
Fax Number: 781-861-4207   
Revision Date: April 23, 2009

Device Trade Names (Products Sold Separately):

HemosIL Liquid HeparinHemosIL Heparin CalibratorsHemosIL LMW Heparin ControlsHemosIL UF Heparin Controls

# Device Regulatory Information:

Heparin Assay: Class II Product Code: KFF 21 CFR 864.7525   
Calibrators: Class II Product Code: JIS 21 CFR 862.1150   
Controls: Class II Product Code: GGN 21 CFR 864.5425

# Predicate Devices:

K980242 HemosIL HeparinK030964 Calibration Plasma LMW HeparinK030965 Control Plasma LMW Heparin

# Device Intended Uses:

HemosIL Liquid Heparin: Automated chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) activity in human citrated plasma on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL TOP® Family, ACL™ ELITE/ELITE $\mathrm { P R O } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } / 8 / \bar { 9 } / 1 0 0 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems). HemosIL Heparin Calibrators: For the calibration of the HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL $\mathrm { T O P } ^ { \textregistered }$ Family, ACL™ ELITE/ ELITE $\mathrm { P \vec { R } O ^ { \otimes } } / 8 / \dot { 9 } / 1 0 0 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems).   
HemosIL LMW Heparin Controls (Assayed): For the quality control of the HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay when testing for low molecular weight heparin (LMW) on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL $\mathrm { T O P } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Family, ACL™ ELITE/ ELITE $\mathrm { P R O } ^ { \mathrm { g } } / 8 / 9 / 1 0 0 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems). HemosIL UF Heparin Controls (Assayed): For the quality control of the HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay when testing for unfractionated heparin (UFH) on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL $\mathrm { T O P ^ { \mathfrak { B } } }$ Family, ACL™ ELITE/ ELITE PRO®/8/9/10000 and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems).

# 510(k) Summary (Cont.)

# Device Descriptions:

HemosIL Liquid Heparin

One stage chromogenic assay based on a synthetic chromogenic substrate and on Factor Xa inactivation. Heparin levels in patient plasma are measured automatically on IL Coagulation Systems.

Heparin is analyzed as a complex with antithrombin present in the sample. The concentration of this complex is dependent on the availability of the patient's endogenous antithrombin. When the Heparin  antithrombin complex is formed, two competing reactions take place.

1. Factor Xa is neutralized by heparin-antithrombin complex.

2. Residual Factor Xa is quantified with a synthetic chromogenic substrate. The paranitroaniline released is monitored kinetically at $4 0 5 \ \mathrm { n m }$ and is inversely proportional to the heparin level in the sample.

HemosIL Heparin Calibrators

Lyophilized calibrators prepared from human citrated plasma by means of a dedicated process at three different heparin concentrations: 0, 0.8 and $2 . 0 \ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ and are traceable to the WHO International Standards for LMW and UF Heparin.

HemosIL LMW Heparin Controls (Assayed)

Lyophilized controls prepared from human citrated plasma by means of a dedicated process at two different LMW heparin concentrations (low and high) for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the Liquid Heparin assay when testing for low molecular weight heparin.

HemosIL UF Heparin Controls (Assayed)

Lyophilized controls prepared from human citrated plasma by means of a dedicated process at two different UF heparin concentrations (low and high) for the assessment of precision and accuracy of the Liquid Heparin assay when testing for unfractionated heparin.

# Statement of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Devices:

HemosIL Liquid Heparin is substantially equivalent to HemosIL Heparin (K980242) in   
performance and intended use.   
HemosIL Heparin Calibrators are substantially equivalent to Calibration Plasma LMW   
Heparin (K030964) in performance and intended use, except that the new calibrators are   
intended for use with both low molecular weight and unfractionated heparin testing.   
HemosIL LMW Heparin Controls and HemosIL UF Heparin Controls are substantially   
equivalent to Control Plasma LMW Heparin (K030965) in performance and intended use, except that HemosIL UF Heparin Controls are intended specifically for use with unfractionated heparin testing.

# 510(k) Summary (Cont.)

Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sudstaitiai Equiva</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:HemosIL Liquid Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:HemosIL Heparin (K980242)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated chromogenic assay for thequantitative determination of unfractionatedheparin (UFH) and low molecular weightheparin (LMWH) activity in human citratedplasma on IL Coagulation Systems (ACLTOP® Family, ACL&quot; ELITE/ELITEPRO®/8/9/10000 and ACL Futura/ACLAdvance Systems).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Substrate and FXa Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized Substrate and FXa Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chromogenic Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To obtain an optimal effect with minimumrisk of bleeding or thromboemboliccomplications the heparin activity should bein the range recommended by the heparinmanufacturer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL 8/9/1000/ELITE/ELITE PRO     Up to 2.0 IU/mLACL Futura/ACL Advance  Up to 2.0 IU/mLACL TOP Family  Up to 2.0 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL 8/9/1000/ELITE/ELITE PRO     Up to 1.0 IU/mLACL Futura/ACL Advance  Up to 1.0 IU/mLACL TOP Family   Up to 1.1 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:HemosIL Heparin Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Calibration Plasma LMW Heparin(K030964)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the calibration of the HemosIL LiquidHeparin assay on IL Coagulation Systems(ACL TOP® Family, ACL ™ ELITE/ELITEPRO®/8/9/10000 and ACL Futura/ACLAdvance Systems).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For preparation of calibration curves foruse in chromogenic heparin assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Devices (Sold Separately):HemosIL LMW Heparin ControlsHemosIL UF Heparin Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Control Plasma LMW Heparin(K030965)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMWH Controls: For the quality control ofthe HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay whentesting for low molecular weight heparin(LMW) on IL Coagulation Systems (ACLTOP Family, ACL™ ELITE/ELITEPRO®/8/9/10000 and ACL Futura/ACLAdvance Systems).UFH Controls: For the quality control of theHemoslL Liquid Heparin assay when testing for unfractionated heparin (UFH) onIL Coagulation Systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quality control of chromogenicheparin assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

Attachment G K090209 - HemosIL Liquid Heparin Assay, Controls and Calibrators

# 510(k) Summary (Cont.)

# Summary Performance Data:

# Precision

Precision was assessed over multiple runs using the two levels of both UFH and LMWH Controls on representative IL Coagulation Systems:

<table><tr><td colspan="2">ACL 8/9/1000/ELITE/ELITE PRO Mean (IU/mL)</td><td>CV % (Within run)</td><td>CV % (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>UFH Low</td><td>0.39</td><td>4.0</td><td>6.7</td></tr><tr><td>UFH High</td><td>0.69</td><td>1.0</td><td>3.7</td></tr><tr><td>LMWH Low</td><td>0.49</td><td>5.5</td><td>5.7</td></tr><tr><td>LMWH High</td><td>1.31</td><td>3.3</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td>ACL Futura/ACL Advance</td><td>Mean (IU/mL)</td><td>CV % (Within run)</td><td>CV % (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>UFH Low</td><td>0.41</td><td>4.4</td><td>4.4</td></tr><tr><td>UFH High</td><td>0.69</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.7</td></tr><tr><td>LMWH Low</td><td>0.56</td><td>2.5</td><td>3.5</td></tr><tr><td>LMWH High</td><td>1.37</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP Family</td><td>Mean (IU/mL)</td><td>CV % (Within run)</td><td>CV % (Total)</td></tr><tr><td>UFH Low</td><td>0.41</td><td>2.4</td><td>3.3</td></tr><tr><td>UFH High</td><td>0.68</td><td>1.0</td><td>1.6</td></tr><tr><td>LMWH Low</td><td>0.55</td><td>3.5</td><td>4.5</td></tr><tr><td>LMWH High</td><td>1.35</td><td>1.9</td><td>2.5</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison - In-house

An in-house method comparison study was performed, using samples from patients undergoing heparin therapy, to compare the performance of HemosIL Liquid Heparin versus the predicate device (HemosIL Heparin) on representative IL instrument platforms with the following results:

<table><tr><td>IL System</td><td>n</td><td>Slope</td><td>r</td></tr><tr><td>ACL ELITE</td><td>124</td><td>0.894</td><td>0.907</td></tr><tr><td>ACL Advance</td><td>152</td><td>1.067</td><td>0.946</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP</td><td>148</td><td>0.946</td><td>0.958</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison - Field Sites

Threc field site studies were performed, using samples from patients undergoing heparin therapy, to compare the performance of HemosIL Liquid Heparin versus the predicate device (HemoslL Heparin) on representative IL instrument platforms with the following results:

<table><tr><td>IL System</td><td>n</td><td>Slope</td><td>r</td></tr><tr><td>ACL ELITE</td><td>114</td><td>1.032</td><td>0.949</td></tr><tr><td>ACL Advance</td><td>111</td><td>1.007</td><td>0.957</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP</td><td>81</td><td>0.952</td><td>0.978</td></tr></table>

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. c/o Ms. Carol Marble Regulatory Affairs Director 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Re: k090209 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL Liquid Heparin, HemosIL Heparin Calibrators, HemosIL LMW Heparin Controls and HemosIL UF Heparin Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 7 5 2 5$ EY Regulation Name: Heparin Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KFF, JIS, GGN Dated: April 23, 2009 Received: April 24, 2009

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

Page 2 - Ms. Carol Marble

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. For more information regarding the reporting of adverse events, please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/mdr/. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mani Mchan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): K090.209

Device Name:

HemosIL Liquid HeparinHemosIL Heparin CalibratorsHemosIL LMW Heparin ControlsHemosIL UF Heparin Controls

# Indications for Use:

HemosIL Liquid Heparin: Automated chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) activity in human citrated plasma on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL TOP® Family, ACL™ ELITE/ ELITE $\mathrm { P R O } ^ { \mathfrak { B } } / 8 / \dot { 9 } / 1 0 0 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems).   
HemosIL Heparin Calibrators: For the calibration of the HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL $\mathrm { T O P } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Family, ACL™ ELITE/ELITE $\mathrm { \ P R O } ^ { \oplus } / \bar { 8 } / 9 / 1 0 0 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems).   
HemosIL LMW Heparin Controls (Assayed): For the quality control of the HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay when testing for low molecular weight heparin (LMW) on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL $\mathrm { T O P ^ { \otimes } }$ Family, ACL™ ELITE/ELITE $\mathsf { \bar { P } R O } ^ { \otimes ^ { \bullet } } / 8 / 9 / 1 0 0 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems).   
HemosIUF Heparin Controls (Assayed): For the quality control of the HemosIL Liquid Heparin assay when testing for unfractionated heparin (UFH) on IL Coagulation Systems (ACL $\mathrm { T O P } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Family, ACL ELITE/ELITE $\mathbf { P } \mathbf { R } \mathbf { O } ^ { \otimes } / \bar { 8 } / 9 / 1 0 \dot { 0 } 0 0$ and ACL Futura/ACL Advance Systems).

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Prescription Use √ (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatlon and Safety 510Kk K090209

HemosL Liquid Heparin Kit, Calibrators and Controls $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ Page 1 of 1