# JUL 8.7 2009

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. Theassiged 1o00699

# Submitter:

Bio-Rad Laboratories Clinical Diagnostics Group 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive, Hercules, California 94547 Phone: (510) 741-5309 FAX: (510) 741-3954

# Contact Person:

Jackie Buckley Regulatory Affairs Representative III

Date of Summary Preparation:

March 12, 2009

Device Name:

VARIANTTM II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 (Catalog number 270-2455)

# Classification Name:

Assay, Glycosylated Hemoglobin, LCP

Predicate Device:

VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin A1c Program   
(k)070452   
Bio-Rad Laboratories   
(Catalog number 270-2101NU)

# Intended Use:

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin Alc in human whole blood using ionexchange high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 is intended for Professional Use Only.

Indications for Use:

Measurement of percent hemoglobin Alc is effective in monitoring long-term glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

# Description of the Device:

The VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin-Testing System uses the principles of high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c kit - 2.0 is based on chromatographic separation of Hemoglobin Alc on a cation exchange cartridge.

# Technical Characteristics Compared to the Predicate:

The new VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 (270-2455) and the predicate VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program (270-2101NU) have the same technical characteristics that are summarized in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Measurcd: Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Hemoglobin Alc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Hemoglobin A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO HbAicKit — 2.0 is intended for the percentdetermination of hemoglobin Alc in humanwhole blood using ion-exchange highperformance liquid chromatography (HPLC).The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO HbA1cKit — 2.0 is intended for Professional UseOnly.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin AicProgram is intended for the pcrcent determinationof hemoglobin A1c in human whole blood usingion-exchange high performance liquidchromatography (HPLC).The Bio-Rad VARIANT Hemoglobin A1cProgram is intended for Professional Use Only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cation exchange high performance liquidchromatography</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cation exchange high performance liquidchromatography</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visible Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Area Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0  3.5 million µvolt-second</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 - 4.5 million μvoltsecond</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Frequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After installation of the analyticalcartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After installation of the analytical cartridge andonce every 30 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kil size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500 tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridges Included in Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Cartridge (2500 tests)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 Cartridge (1000 tests)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer A and Buffer B formulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Perchlorate Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tris-Bis Buffer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the Diabetes Control andComplications Trial (DCCT) referencemethod and IFCC. Certified via the NationalGlycohemoglobin Standardization Program(NGSP).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the Diabetes Control andComplications Trial (DCCT) reference methodand [FCC. Certified via the NationalGlycohemoglobin Standardization Program(NGSP).</td></tr></table>

\

# Testing To Establish Substantial Equivalence:

# Accuracy:

Method correlation between the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 (270-2455) and VARIANT II Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ Program (270-2101NU) was compared using 40 EDTA whole blood patient samples and 12 samples prepared by mixing EDTA whole blood patient samples with Lyphochek $\textcircled{8}$ Hemoglobin Alc Linearity Set samples in various ratios. The range of values on the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit -2.0 was from $2 . 6 \%$ to $1 9 . 0 \%$ $\operatorname { H b A } _ { \mathrm { 1 c } }$ . The results are presented in the following regression table.

Regression n R Slope Intercept Method Least Squares 52 0.994 0.9621 0.4443

# Precision:

The following table provides comparison data on the precision between the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit  2.0 (270-2455) and VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c (270-2101NU) Programs, each utilizing low and high EDTA whole blood patient samples, and both tested against samples with moderate (5.5/5.6) and high (8.8/11.4) $\%$ Alc content.

Method precision was performed using a protocol based on the NCCLS Evaluation protocol, Vol.24, No. 25, EP5-A2 for the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit  2.0 and the VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c (270-2101NU). The protocols for both the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0. and the VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Programs are similar.

For the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit  2.0 and the VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program protocol, six VARIANT II TURBO and six VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing Systems at three Bio-Rad sites were utilized. Each site was provided with the same sample set and performed two replicates of each sample on each of 2 runs per day for 10 days.

Although the precision samples are different, since they were run at different time periods, the precision results between the VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin AIc (270- 2255) and the current VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program (270-2101NU) are equivalent. A summary of combined comparative precision results is presented in the following precision table.

# VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 (270-2455) and VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c (270-2101NU) Precision

<table><tr><td></td><td>VARIANT I TURBO HbAIc KIt-2.0</td><td>VARIANT II Hemoglobin Alc (270-2101NU)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(270-2455) Low Patient (HbAn) High Patient</td><td>Low Patient Ligh Patient</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>HbA)</td><td>(HbAI)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n= (number of samples)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within run (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within DevicePrecision (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit -2.0 (210-2455)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II Hemoglobin AIcProgram (210-2101NU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 - 19.0 % HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 - 18.5 % HbA1c</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances:

<table><tr><td>Interfering Substance VARIANTILTURBO HbAIC VARIANT IL HemoglobinAlc Kit2.0 (270-2455) 270-2101NU)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to 20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to 20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids(Triglycerides)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to 6000mg/dL     v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to 6000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to 11X EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference up to 11X EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference from HbS, HbC,HbE, HbD trait samples on %A1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two out of 7 hemoglobin AD-trait, 2 out of 11 hemoglobin AS-trait, 1 out of 12 hemoglobin AE-trait, and 3 out of 9 hemoglobinAC-trait patient samples at theclinically significant levels of 6%and 9% HbA1c exhibiteddifferences of more than ±10%from values obtained usingboronate affinity referencemethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interference</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

When considering the similarities of the intended use, the general characteristics of the two assays, the use of the same technology and the similar correlation, accuracy and linearity between the two methods, it can be concluded that the VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit - 2.0 (270-2455) is substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate, VARIANT II Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Program (270-2101NU):

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. VARIANT II TURBO HbA1c Kit -2.0

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. c/o Jackie H. Buckley 4000 Alfred Nobel Dr. Hercules, CA 94547

# JUL 27 2009

Re: k090699 Trade/Device Name: VARIANT II TURBO $\operatorname { H b A } _ { \mathsf { l c } }$ Kit-2.0 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 7 4 7 0$ Regulation Name: Glycosylated Hemoglobin Assay Regulatory Class: Class ⅡI Product Code: LCP Dated: June 17, 2009 Received: June 18, 2009

Dear Jackie Buckley:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legaly marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In adition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of Ini Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

4C.4

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety :   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k090699

Device Name: VARIANT II TURBOT HbA1c Kit - 2.0

Indications For Use:

The Bio-Rad VARIANT TM II TURBO $H _ { 2 } \Delta A _ { 1 c } K _ { 1 t } - 2 . 0$ is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin $A _ { 1 1 }$ in human whole blood using ion-exchange highperformance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Bio-Rad VARIANTTM |I TURBO $H b A _ { 1 1 }$ kit is intended for Professional Use Only.

Measurement of percent hemoglobin $A _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ is effective in monitoring long-term glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety