# 510K SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: K090810

# COMPANY/CONTACT PERSON

Lisa Charter   
Manager of Regulatory Affairs   
Microgenics Corporation   
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division 46360 Fremont Blvd.   
Fremont, CA 94538   
(510) 979-5142 Office   
(510) 979-5422 Fax   
Lisa.Charter@thermofisher.com

# DATE PREPARED

August 30, 2009

# DEVICE NAME

Trade Name: Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes   
Common Name: Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes   
Device Classification: Automated Differential Cell Counter   
Regulation number: 21 CFR 864.5220   
Product Code: GKZ

# INTENDED USE

Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes are used for determining absolute counts of leucocytes in blood:

Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™m Count Tubes are used with the immunophenotyping reagents BD TriTEST™, flow cytometers BD FACS Calibur or BD FACS Canto, and software BD CellQuest or DIVA. Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes can be used with the BD FACS ™ Loader. This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical use only.

# SUBSTANTIALLY EQUIVILANT PREDICATE DEVICE

Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal Count Tubes are substantially equivalent to the previously cleared BD Trucount Tubes (K965053)

# DESCRIPTION OF DEVICE

Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal ™ Count Tubes contain uniform $5 . 4 \mu \mathrm { m }$ microspheres encapsulated with three.dyes. The single tube contains fluorescent beads that have equivalent emissions to multiple channels for FITC, PE, Per-CP, PE-Cy5, APC. Each tube contains known number of fluorescent particles as indicated on the product label.

# PRINCIPLES OF THE PROCEDURE

Procedures described herein apply to immunophenotyping of lymphocytes. In the procedure, the cell typing monoclonal antibody reagent and whole blood is added directly to the Cyto-Cal™ Count Tube. The drid pellet in the tube dissolves, releasing a known number of fluorescent beas. During analysis, the absolute number (cells/uL) of positive cells in the sample can be determined by comparing cellular events to bead events. If you are manually performing data analysis, simply divide the number of positive cellular events by the number of bead events, and then multiply by the Cyto-Cal Count bead concentration. The cell typing or immunophenotyping of lymphocytes is effectively used in monitoring immune response or in determining a particular cell count.

# COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device - BD TrucountTubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thermo Scientific Cyto-CalT™Count Tubes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD Trucount Tubes are used fordetermining absolute counts ofleucocytes in blood. BD TrucountTubes are designed for use with invitro diagnostic products such asBD TriTEST™M reagents, and asuitably equipped flow cytometer.BD Trucount Tubes can be usedwith the BD FACS™ Loader.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ CountTubes are used for determiningabsolute counts of leucocytes inblood.Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ CountTubes are used with theimmunophenotyping reagents BDTriTEST™M, flow cytometers BDFACS Calibur or BD FACS Canto,and software BD CellQuest orDIVA. Thermo Scientific Cyto-CalCount Tubes can be used with theBD FACS™ Loader.This in vitro diagnostic device isintended for clinical use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Add the cell typing monoclonalantibody reagent and whole blooddirectly to the BD Trucount Tubes.The lyophilized pellet in the tubedissolves, releasing.a knownnumber of fluorescent beads.During analysis, the absolutenumber (cells/µL) of positive cells inthe sample can be determined bycomparing cellular events to beadevents. If the appropriate software,such as BD MultiSET™, is used,absolute counts will be determinedby the software. If you are manuallyperforming data analysis usingsoftware such as BD CellQuest ™simply divide the number of positivecellular events by the number ofbead events, then multiply by theBD Trucount bead concentration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Add the cell typing monoclonalantibody reagent and whole blooddirectly to the Thermo ScientificCyto-Cal™ Count Tubes. The driedpellet in the tube dissolves,releasing a known number offluorescent beads. During analysis,the absolute number (cells/uL) ofpositive cells in the sample can bedetermined by comparing cellularevents to bead events. If theappropriate software, such as BDMultiSET™, is used, absolutecounts will be determined by thesoftware. If you are manuallyperforming data analysis usingsoftware such as BD CellQuest™,divide the number of positive.cellular events by the number ofbead events, then multiply by theThermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Countbead concentration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Freeze-dried pellet of fluorescentbeads in a single-use tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dried pellet of fluorescent beads ina single-use tube..</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each pouch contains 25 BDTrucount Tubes, sufficient for 25tests.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each package contains 25 ThermoScientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes,sufficient for 25 tests.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow cytometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Condition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 to 25 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 25 °C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ParticleConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~50,000/tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~50,000/tube</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lysing reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FACSLyse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FACSLyse</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTING

# Precision

Three samples representing low, medium and high cell levels of $\mathtt { C D 3 + }$ and $\complement \mathsf { D } 4 +$ were used for these studies. Each sample was run 21 times to collect intra-assay precision data. The range of CVs for $\mathtt { C D 3 + }$ cells, observed for all samples, was $4 . 9 \%$ (count.of 3602 cells/µL) to $6 . 2 \%$ (count of 549 cells/μL). The range of CVs for $\complement \complement 4 +$ cells, observed for all samples, was. $4 . 7 \%$ (count of 1996 cells/μL) to $6 . 9 \%$ (count of 369 cells/µL).

# Dilution Recovery

Recovery was within $+ 1 - 1 0 \%$ of expected value for levels tested from 0 to 1693 cells/uL. for $C D 3 + C D 4 +$ cells and 0 to 3923 cells/µL for $\mathtt { c o 3 + }$ cells.

# Method Comparison

We have selected a 70 samples for this study representing a wide range of results. For $\mathtt { C D 3 + }$ the range is $1 \tt c e l l / \mu L$ to 2463 cells / μL. For ${ \tt C D 4 + }$ the range is 0 cells / µL to 1947 cells / µL. There is strong correlation between Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes and the predicate BD Trucount Tubes in all of these ranges. The correlation coefficient (R value) for both $\mathtt { C D 3 + }$ and $\tt C D 4 +$ to reference method is $>$ than 0.99.

# Carryover Study

Carry-over from a high cell count sample to a low cell count sample is less than $5 \%$ .. :

Sample Stability

Cells count are within $+ 1 - 1 0 \%$ of first test for up to 72 hours at 2 to $8 \circ C$ for blood samples, and for up to 12 hours at 2 to $8 \%$ for antibody labeled and lysed blood samples.

# Reagent Shelf-Life Stabilities

Real time stability studies demonstrate the reagent is stable for at least 16 months at room temperature. Stability studies will continue for 24 months.

# External Evaluation

The external site studies included a wide panel for fluorescent labeled monoclonal antibody (CD3, CD4, CD8, CD16, CD19, and CD56). The commonly used cell types including $\cos +$ , $\mathtt { C D 4 + }$ $\mathtt { C D 8 + }$ , ${ \mathsf { C D } } 1 { \mathsf { G } } + { \mathsf { C D } } 5 { \mathsf { G } } +$ , $\complement \cap 1 \ni +$ , and CD4/CD8 ratio are tabulated and compared to the reference BD Trucount method and Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes method. All of the method comparison results show a strong correlation between Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal Count Tubes and the predicate BD Trucount Tubes in all of these cell types. The correlation coefficients (rvalue) meet the acceptance criteria.

# CONCLUSION

As summarized, the Thermo ScientifiCyto $. C a l ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ Co T tially uaen B Trucount Tubes. Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through performance testing to verify that the device functions as intended and that design specifications have been satisfied.

SEP 1 8 2009

Microgenics Corporation   
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Division   
c/o Lisa Charter   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
46360 Fremont Boulevard   
Fremont, CA 94538

Re: k090810 Trade/Device Name: Thermo Scientific Cyto-CalTM Count Tubes Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: September 2, 2009 Received: September 4, 2009

Dear Ms. Charter:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

Page 2 - Ms. Lisa Charter

will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

ManeM.Con

Maria M. Chan, PhD   
Director   
Division of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K090810

Device Name: Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes

Indication For Use:

Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal Tm Count Tubes are used for determining absolute counts of leucocytes in blood.

Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes are used with the immnuphenotyping reagents BD TriTEST™M, flow cytometers BD FACS Calibur or BD FACS Canto, and software BD CellQuest or DIVA. Thermo Scientific Cyto-Cal™ Count Tubes can be used with the BD FACS ™M Loader.

This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical use only.

Prescription Use X And/Or (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety OIVD)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diaghostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k)_K090810