# 510(k) SUMMARY

# 510(k) Submission:_K091539

# iQ® 200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module (The addition of Synovial Fluid)

1. Submitted by:

Iris Diagnostics, a Division of IRIS International, Inc. 9172 Eton Avenue   
Chatsworth, CA 91311.   
Phone: 818.527-7264   
Contact person: David W. Gates   
Vice-President Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs   
david.gates@proiris.com

2. Name of Device:

Addition of Synovial Fluid Cell Count parameter to $\mathsf { i Q } ^ { \otimes }$ 200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module Common Name: Instrument for performing RBC and nucleated cell (WBC and other as a group) counts in Synovial Fluid. Classification Name: Automated cell counter, 21 CFR 864.5200, Class II device, Product Code GKL

3. Predicate Methods:

Iris Diagnostics believes the addition of synovial fluids to the $\yen 200$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module is substantially equivalent to the Sysmex® XT-4000i, cleared Mar 30, 2010 under K091313.

4. Device Description:

The $\aleph ^ { \otimes } 2 0 0$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module for use with synovial fluid is an additional use for the $\yen 200$ Urine Analyzer (K022774 - cleared October 21, 2002). It is used by a competent human observer to examine and count red blood cells and nucleated cells in synovial fluid and is an added body fluid to the previously cleared $\yen 200$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module cerebrospinal and serous fluids (K050235 - Cleared March 23, 2005).

5. Intended Use:

The $\yen 200$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module is an in-vitro diagnostic device used by an appropriately trained laboratory user to examine and count red blood cells and nucleated cells in cerebrospinal fluid, serous fluids and synovial fluid. This module is a capability added to the $\mathsf { i Q } ^ { \otimes } 2 0 0$ Urine Analyzer.

6. Substantial equivalence - Similarities and Differences:

Table 1 shows substantial equivalence of the proposed synovial fluid parameter to the cleared predicate.

7. Conclusion:

Clinical trial performance data demonstrated that the Synovial Fluid parameter on the $\yen 100200$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module is substantially equivalent to its predicates.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluid modulewith Synovial Fluid Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceSysmex® XT-4000i,K091313.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarity/Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The iQ200 Urine Analyzer Body FluidsModule is an in-vitro diagnostic device usedby an appropriately trained laboratory user toexamine and count red blood cells andnucleated cells in cerebrospinal fluid, serousfluids and synovial fluid. This module is acapability added to the iQ®200 UrineAnalyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sysmex®l XT-4000i is a quantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screeningpatient populations found in clinical laboratories. The XT-4000iclassifies and enumerates the following parameters for whole blood:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEU%#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%./#, E0 %/#, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MP-V, RETP%/#, IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid- mode forbody fluids. The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/# and TC-BF# parameters in cerebrospinal fluids(CSF), serous fluids (peritoneal, pleural) and synovial fluids. Serousand Synovial fluids should be collected in K2EDTA to prevent clottingof fluid. The use of anticoagulants with CSF specimens is not requiredor recommended.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyaluronidase is added to the specimen,mixed and incubated. Two aliquots fromeach body fluid specimen sample areprepared. One aliquot is diluted in normalsaline to provide a concentration in the linearrange of the instrument. The second aliquotis treated with a lysing agent to allowunambiguous identification of WBC and othernucleated cells by eliminating RBC. Particleimages are captured and saved electronicallyas the sample flows past a microscopeobjective at a high speed, electronicallyconcentrating particles. Particle images arethen ordered by size into assignedcategories on a video display. A competenthuman observer may change machineassignments, after which particle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performs hematology according to the Hydro Dynamic Focusing (DCDetection), flow cytometry method (using a semiconductor laser), andSLS-hemoglobin laser).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concentrations are recomputed and reported</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ParametersTested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ®200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Modulewith synovial fluid capability enumerates redblood cells and nucleated cells in synovialfluid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#,PMN%/# and TC-BF# parameters in cerebrospinal fluids (CSF),serous fluids (peritoneal, pleural) and synovial fluids.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenCollection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synovial specimens should be collectedusing K2EDTA as an anti-coagulant.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synovial fluids should be collected in K2EDTA to prevent clotting offluid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents /Consumables</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Body Fluids specific consumables:- Hyaluronidase (notsupplied by IrisDiagnostics)- iQ®Body Fluids Control -Two levels- iQ Body Fluids LysingReagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLPACK' (Diluent),STROMATOLYSER™ FB (Lyse), STROMATOLYSER-4DLT™M (Lyse)STROMATOLSER-DSTStainSULFOLYSER (Lyse)RET-SEARCH II (Diluent)RET-SEARCH (Stain)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator /Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ®Calibrator Pack-iQ®Control/Focus Set-iQ®Body Fluids Control -Two levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">c-Check (XE) - 3 LevelsCalibrator (X Cal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software /Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The iQ®200 Urine Analyzer Body FluidsModule software added Synovial Fluidcapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XT-4000i performs the same as the XT-2000i and has a Bodyfluid mode the same as the XE- 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cerebrospinal fluid, serous fluids andsynovial fluid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood, cerebrospinal fluid, serous fluids and synovial fluid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance /EquivalencyData</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data consisting of Accuracy, Precision,Linearity and Carryover was collected toshow performance to the manufacturer'sspecification for the Body Fluid mode. Thisanalysis supports the claim that the synovialcapability in the iQ®200 Urine Analyzer BodyFluids Module is substantially equivalent tothe predicate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data consisting of Accuracy, Precision, Linearity and Carryover wascollected to show performance to the manufacturer's specificationfor the Body Fluid mode. This analysis supports the claim that the XT-4000i Body Fluid mode is substantially equivalent to the XE-5000</td></tr></table>

Iris Diagnostics   
c/o Mr. William M. Dougherty   
Director, Clinical Evaluations   
9172 Eton Avenue   
Chatsworth, CA 91311

Re: k091539 Trade/Device Name: $\mathrm { i Q } ^ { \mathfrak { O } } 2 0 0$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5200 Regulation Name: Automated cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKL Dated: August 17, 2010 Received: August 19, 2010

Dear Mr. Dougherty:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such $\cdot$ additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter

Page 2 - Mr. William M. Dougherty

will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Manai  chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health.

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (f known): k09/539

Device Name: iQ 200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module (Addition of Synovial Fluids)

Indications For Use: The $\mathsf { i Q } ^ { \otimes } 2 0 0$ Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module is an in-vitro diagnostic device used by an appropriately trained laboratory user to examine and count red blood cells and nucleated cells in cerebrospinal fluid, serous fluids and synovial fluid.This module is a capability added to the $\yen 100200$ Urine Analyzer.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Divislon Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(K) K091539