# 5. 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.   
The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ number is: K091313

<table><tr><td>Submitted by:</td><td>Sysmex America, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>One Nelson C. White Parkway Mundelein, IL. 60060 Phone: (847) 996-4618; FAX: (847) 996-4655 Contact person: Sharita Brooks</td></tr><tr><td>Name of Device:</td><td>Date prepared: April 30, 2009 Trade or proprietary name: Sysmex® XT-4000i Common name: Automated Hematology Analyzer Classification name: Automated Differential Cell Counter</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device:</td><td>21 CFR 864.5220 Sysmex® XT-Series Sysmex® XE-5000, Body Fluid Mode The XT-4000i is the same as the XT-2000i which is part of the XT-</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description:</td><td>Series and has a Body Fluid mode the same as the XE-5000. It is an automated hematology analyzer which consists of four principle units: (1) Main Unit which aspirates, dilutes, mixes, and analyzes whole blood and body fluid samples; (2) Sampler Unit which supplies samples to the Main Unit automatically; (3) IPU (Information Processing Unit) which processes data from the Main Unit and provides the operator interface with the system; (4) Pneumatic Unit which supplies pressure and vacuum from the Main Unit.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The Body Fluid analysis mode of the XT-4000i uses the 4DIFF scattergram &amp; the RBC distribution obtained from a specialized analysis sequence to calculate &amp; display the WBC (WBC-BF) counts, mononuclear cell (MN) / polymorphonuclear cell (PMN) counts &amp; percentages, TC-BF (Total Count) &amp; RBC (RBC-BF) counts found in the body fluid.</td></tr><tr><td>5Intended Use:</td><td>The Sysmex® XT-4000i is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The XT-4000i classifies and enumerates the following parameters for whole blood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, RET%/#, IRF, RET-He and has. a Body. Fluid_mode. for body fluids. The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC- BF, MN%/#, PMN%/# and TC-BF# parameters in cerebrospinal fluids (CSF), serous fluids (peritoneal, pleural) and synovial fluids. Serous and Synovial fluids should be collected in K2EDTA to prevent clotting</td></tr><tr><td>6.Substantial equivalence- similarities and differences</td><td>of fluid. The use of anticoagulants with CSF specimens is not required or recommended. The following table compares the XT-4000i with the XT-Series and the XE-5000 Body Fluid Mode.</td></tr><tr><td>7.Clinical Performance Data:</td><td>Studies were performed to evaluate the equivalency of the XT-4000i to the XE-5000 Body Fluid Mode. Results indicated equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">performance. 8. Conclusions: The performance data demonstrated substantial equivalence. Sysmex XT-4000i Automated Hematology Analyzer</td></tr></table>

510(k) FDA Submission

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence - Similarities and Differences to the XT-Series and XE-5000 Body Fluid mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features(Submission #)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XT-40007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XT-Series(K021241)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XE-5000(K071967)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Clearance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mlo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-June-02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-Nov-07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sysmex® XT-4000/ isa quantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzerintended for in vitrodiagnostic use in screeningpatient populations foundin clinical laboratories.The XT-4000i classifiesand enumerates thefollowing parameters forwhole blood: WBC, RBC,HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#,EO%/#, BASO%/#,IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, RET%/#, IRF,RET-He and has a BodyFluid mode for bodyfluids. The Body Fluidmode enumerates theWBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/# andTC-BF# parameters incerebrospinal fluids (CSF),serous fluids (peritoneal,pleural) and synovialfluids. Serous andSynovial fluids should becollected in KzEDTA toprevent clotting of fluid.The use of anticoagulantswith CSF specimens is notrequired or recommended.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sysmex XT-2000i isintended for in vitrodiagnostic use in theclinical laboratory as amulti-parameterhematology analyzer.The XT-2000i has a BodyFluid Application whichadds a quantitative,automated procedure foranalyzing body fluids(cerebrospinal fluids(CSF), serous fluids, andsynovial fluids withEDTA, as needed) to theXT-2000i, providingenumeration of the WBCsand the RBCs. </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sysmex XE-5000 isan automated hematologyanalyzer for in vitrodiagnostic use in screeningpatient populations foundin clinical laboratories.The XE-5000 has a BodyFluid mode for bodyfluids. The Body Fluidmode analyzes WBC-BF,RBC-BF, MN%/#,PMN%/# and TC-BF inbody fluids (cerebrospinalfluids (CSF), serous fluids,and synovial fluids withEDTA, as needed).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood/ Body Fluids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood/Body Fluids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood/Body Fluids</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT,MCV, MCH, MCHC,PLT, NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#,EO%/#, BASO%/#,RDW-CV, RDW-SD,MPV, RET%/, IRF,IG%/#, RET-He#Body Fluid Mode:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT,MCV, MCH, MCHC,PLT, NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#,EO%/#, BASO%/#,RDW-CV, RDW-SD,MPV, RET%/#, IRF,IG%/#, RET-He#.Body Fluid Application:</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT,MCV, MCH, MCHC,PLT, NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#,EO%/#, BASO%/#,NRBC%/#,RDW-CV,RDW-SD, MPV, RET%/#,IRF, IG%/#, HPC#, RET.He#, IPF.Body Fluid Mode:WBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/#,TC-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/#, TC-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC-BF, RBC-BF</td></tr></table>

Sysmex XT-4000i Automated Hematology Analyzer 510(k) FDA Submission

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BF#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BF#</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CELLPACK™ (Diluent)STROMATOLYSER-FBT(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-LDL(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-4DST(Stain)SULFOLYSER (Lyse)RET-SEARCH II(Diluent)RET-SEARCH II (Stain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CELLPACK™ (Diluent)STROMATOLYSER-F(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-LDL (Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-L(tain)SULFOLYSER (Lyse)RET-SEARCH 1I(Diluent)RET-SEARCH II (Stain)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CELLPACK™ (Diluent)CELSHEATHM(Diluent)STROMATOLYSER-FF(Lyse)STROMATOLYSER-LDL(yse)STROMATOLYSER-LDSTM(Stain)STROMATOLYSER-NRT Dilunt)STROMATOLYSER-NRTM (Stain)STROMATOLYSER-IM (Lyse)SULFOLYSER (Lyse)RET-SEARCH II(Diluent)RET-SEARCH II (Stain)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performs hematologyanalyses according tothe Hydro DynamicFocusing (DC Detection),flow cytometrymethod (using asemiconductor laser), andSLS-hemoglobinmethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performs hematologyanalyses according tothe Hydro DynamicFocusing (DC Detection),flow cytometrymethod (using asemiconductor laser), andSLS-hemoglobinmethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performs hematologyanalysis according tothe RF/DC detectionmethod, Hydro DynamicFocusing (DC Detection),flow cytometry method(using a semiconductorlaser), and SLS-hemoglobin method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions(HxWxD)(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>630x520x720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>630x520x720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>711x706x535</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight (kg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control/Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e-Check (XE) - 3 LevelsCalibrator (X Cal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e-Check - 3 LevelsCalibrator (X Cal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e-Check (XE) - 3 LevelsXE Calibrator (X Cal)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software/HardwareDifferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XT-4000i performsthe same as the XT-2000iand has a Body Fluidmode the same as the XE-5000.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XT-2000i does nothave a Body Fluid mode.The XT-2000i has a BodyFluid Application.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XE-5000 has a BodyFluid mode.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approx 80-100/hrDepending on mode used.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approx 80Depending on mode used.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 113-150depending on mode used.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency Data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data consisting of Accuracy,Precision, Linearity andCarryover was collected toshow performance to themanufacturer&#x27;s specificationfor the Body Fluid mode.This analysis supports theclaim that the XT-4000i BodyFluid mode is substantiallyequivalent to the XE-5000Body Fluid mode.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proven performance in FDAsubmission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proven performance in FDAsubmission</td></tr></table>

# Sysmex XT-4000i Automated Hematology Analyzer 510(k) FDA Submission

Sysmex America, Inc. c/o Ms. Sharita Brooks, BBA, MT Clinical Affairs Specialist One Nelson C. White Parkway Mundelein, IL 60060

Re: k091313 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex XT-4000i Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: March 18, 2010 Received: March 19, 2010

Dear Ms. Brooks:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The genral controls provisions  theActinclu requrement or ual ristration, listg o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You-mustcomply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Ana 3 Chand

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known) K091313

Device Name: XT-4000i. Automated Hematology Analyzer

Indications for Use:

The Sysmex® XT-4000i is a quantitative multi-parameter automaled hematology analyzer intended for in vio diagnostic use in scrcening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The XT-4000i classifics and enumerates the following parameters for whole blood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, $\mathrm { L Y M P H } \% / \hbar$ , $M O N O \%$ #, $\mathbb { E O } \%$ #, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, $\mathrm { R E T } \% / \#$ , IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode for body fluids. The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/# and TC-BF# parameters in cerebrospinal f (), sus lui (peeal, pleuralanoial uisSeo  Synial lui u collected in K2EDTA to prevent clotting of fluid. The use of anticoagulants with CSF specimens is not required or recommended.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K091313