# 510(k) Summary

1. Device Name and Classification

Trade or Proprietary Name: EasyCell   
Common or Usual Name: Automated Cell-Locating Device   
Product Code: JOY   
Product Classification: Class 2   
Review Panel; Hematology   
Regulation Number: 21CFR864.5260

2. Description of the Device

The EasyCell automatically locates and presents images of blood cells on peripheral smears. The operator reviews the suggested classification of each white cell according to type and may manually change the suggested classification of any cell. The operator can characterize red cell morphology and estimate platelets based on observed images. The EasyCell is intended to be used by skilled operators, trained in the use of the device and in the identification of blood cells.

# 3. Substantial Equivalency

Te Easyels ubstantialy equivalent heCellaVisinDMAutati Hemal Analyzer.

Predicate Device Information Manufacturer: CellaVision AB, Lund, Sweden Product: CellaVision DM96 Automatic Hematology Analyzer 510(k) number: K033840

# 4. Intended Use

The EasyCell is intended to locate and display images of white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears and assists a qualified technologist in conducting a WBC differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet estimate using those images. For in vitro diagnostic use only. For professional use only.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyCell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated cell-locating device for cell-location, and identification, for in-vitrouse. Verification of results by humanoperator.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The EasyCell is intended to locate and displayimages of white cells, red cells, and plateletsacquired from fixed and stained peripheral bloodsmears and assists a qualified technologist inconducting a WBC differential, RBC morphologyevaluation, and platelet estimate using thoseimages. For in vitro diagnostic use only. Forprofessional use only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>✓</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stained blood film on glass slides ofperipheral whole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stained blood film on glass slides of peripheralwhole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>✓</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplepreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Romanowsky stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Romanowsky stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F 1sis1..nique:White BloodCells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cells are located/counted by movingaccording to the battlement track pattern.Cell images are analyzed using standardmathematical methods, includingdeterministic artificial neural networks(ANN&#x27;s) trained to distinguish betweenclasses of white blood cells.The cell images are pre-classified and theoperator verifies the suggestedclassification by accepting or reclassifying</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cells are located/counted by moving according tothe battlement track pattern. Cell images areanalyzed using standard mathematical methods,including deterministic artificial neural networks(ANN&#x27;s) trained to distinguish between classes ofwhite blood cells.The cell images are pre-classified and theoperator reviews the suggestedclassification, and accepts or reclassifies theimages.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red BloodCells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The device presents an overview image.The reviewer characterizes red blood cellmorphology from the image.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The device presents a series of images.The reviewer characterizes red blood cellmorphology from the images.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>✓</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The device presents an overview image.The reviewers manually count and estimatethe platelet concentration from theoverview image according to astandardized procedure.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The device presents a series of images.The reviewers manually count and estimate theplatelet concentration from the images accordingto a procedure in the Operator&#x27;s Manual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>✓</td></tr></table>

# 5. Performance Characteristics

Method Comparison

A Method Comparison was conducted to compare the EasyCell using Examiner Review (the Test Method) to the Reference Method. The Reference Method is a manual differential microscopic examination of the peripheral blood slides by a trained technologist. A total of 304 specimens were collected and analyzed at three sites. 155 specimens were from normal (healthy) subjects and 149 were from subjects with specific disease conditions (see Table 1 and Table 3). Slides were prepared from each specimen. The slides were randomly selected, blinded and read by two technologists at each site.

Table 1 Correlation between Reference Method and Test Method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neutrophil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monocyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eosinophil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.066</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity and Specificity   
The number of normal and abnormal slides determined by each method was compared to determine the clinical sensitivity and specificity of the EasyCell.

Table 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphological</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Distributional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efficiency (% agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72%</td></tr></table>

# Platelet Estimate Accuracy

Platelet counts were estimated by each method as decreased, normal, or increased; and a corresponding value of 1, 2, or 3 was entered in the database. A Cohen's kappa statistic was calculated to demonstrate the agreement between the Test Method and the Reference Method for each technologist. The data show a good agreement between platelet estimates using the Reference Method and using the Test Method.

# Red Blood Cell Morphology Accuracy

For each slide, the technologists classified the red blood cells according to morphology. This was done for both methods. The results showed $5 9 0 \%$ agreement between methods.

Between Run Precision

20 slides were made from one normal patient sample at each site. Each slide was labeled. Each day for 20 days a slide was chosen at random and a 200-cell differential count was made using both the Reference Method and the Test Method. The results show the Test Method has equivalent precision to the Reference Method.

100 vs 200 Total Cell Count In order to confirm the equivalence of total cell counts of 100 and 200 cells, data from three sites were compared. 304 slides were evaluated using a total count of 100 cells. The 100 cell results were compared to the 200 cell count Reference Method results. The data showed good correlation between the Reference method and the 100-cell counts.

Table 3 Correlation between Reference Method and Test Method by Cell Type   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neutrophil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monocyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eosinophil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td></tr></table>

Table 4 Comparison of Test Method to Reference Method Results (200 vs 100 cells)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test method(200 cells)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Method(100 cells)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efficiency (% agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70%</td></tr></table>

Medica Corporation c/o Ms. Fran White Regulatory Consultant 163 Cabot Street Beverly, MA 01915

Re: k092116 Trade/Device Name: EasyCell Cell Locator Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 2 6 0 $ Regulation Name: Automated Cell-Locating Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JOY Dated: March 24, 2010 Received: April 28, 2010

Dear Ms. White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will alow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

Page 2 - Ms. Fran White

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K092116

Device Name: EasyCell Cell Locator

Indications for Use: The EasyCell is intended to locate and display images of white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears and assists a qualified technologist in conducting a WBC differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet estimate using those images. For in vitro diagnostic use only. For professional use only.

CONFIDENTIAL