# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# ) Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics Corporation 9115 Hague Rd. Indianapolis, IN 46250

Contact Person: Jennifer Tribbett

Date Prepared: March 15, 2010

# Device name

Proprietary name: CoaguChek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XS Pro System Common name: Prothrombin time test Classification name: Prothrombin time test

# Predicate device

The CoaguChek XS Pro System is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, the CoaguChek XS Pro System is a modification of the previously cleared CoaguChek XS Plus System (K071041).

# Device Description

The CoaguChek XS Pro System represents a modification of the CoaguChek XS Plus System to incorporate an embedded barcode scanner. The unmodified device was cleared for use under premarket notification K071041.

The intended use of the modified device, as described in its labeling, has not changed as a result of the modification(s) described in this 510(k).

The fundamental scientific technology of this device has not changed as a result of the modification(s) described in this 510(k).

# )Intended Use

The CoaguChek XS Pro System (CoaguChek XS Pro meter and CoguChek XS PT Test strips) quantitatively determines prothrombin time ("PT"), using capillary blood or whole blood from a vein (nonanticoagulated venous whole blood). It is indicated for use by healthcare professionals. The system is ideally suited to monitor coagulation values in people who are taking oral anticoagulation medication (vitamin K antagonists, VKAs).

# Similarities

The table below indicates the similarities between the CoaguChek XS Plus System and the CoaguChek XS Pro System.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Topic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoaguChek XS Plus System(predicate: unmodified device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoaguChek XS Pro System(modified device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">General Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for use by professionalhealthcare providers for quantitativeprothrombin time testing for themonitoring of warfarin therapy.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CoaguChek XS Pro System(CoaguChek XS Pro meter andCoguChek XS PT Test strips)quantitatively determinesprothrombin time ("PT"), usingcapillary blood or whole blood froma vein (nonanticoagulated venouswhole blood). It is indicated for useby healthcare professionals. Thesystem is ideally suited to monitorcoagulation values in people whoare taking oral anticoagulationmedication (vitamin K antagonists,VKAs).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fundamental technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical technology withamperometric (electric current) detectionof thrombin activity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh capillary or non-anticoagulatedvenous whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CoaguChek XS PT Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built into every strip and recognized bythe meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External quality control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoaguChek XS PT Controls are availableas optional external controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">System Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8 - 8.0 INR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemotocrit range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit ranges between 25 - 55%have no significant effect on test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin up to 30 mg/dL have nosignificant effect on test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipemic samples containing up to 500mg/dL of triglycerides have nosignificant effect on test results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis up to 1000 mg/dL have nosignificant effect on test results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test results are unaffected by heparinconcentrations up to 0.8 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">75       System Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Molecular WeightHeparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CoaguChek XS PT Test isinsensitive to low molecular weightheparins (LMWH) up to 2IU anti-factorXa activity/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy compared tothe reference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous Blood:N=811Slope= 1.090Intercept = -0.2Correlation = 0.974Capillary Blood:N = 822Slope = 1.075Intercept = -0.1Correlation = 0.972</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous Blood:N = 399Mean INR = 2.32SD = 0.046CV = 2.00Capillary Blood:N = 399Mean INR = 2.26SD= 0.077CV = 3.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level 1:N = 538Mean INR = 1.18SD= 0.04CV = 3.37Level 2:N = 535Mean INR = 2.95SD= 0.12CV = 4.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

The table below indicates the modified features of the CoaguChek XS Pro System.   

<table><tr><td>Topic</td><td>CoaguChek XS Plus System (predicate: unmodified device)</td><td>CoaguChek XS Pro System (modified device)</td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td>Hardware</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Measurement module (Measurement engine)</td><td>Converts raw signals from test strip into final PT result.</td><td>Same Measurement Module has not been modified</td></tr><tr><td>Handheld Basic Module</td><td>Provides the power management of the AC-adapter or rechargeable batteries and houses all the data management features.</td><td>Same Handheld Basic Module has not been modified</td></tr><tr><td>. S</td><td>Software</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Code chip function</td><td>Code chip information is stored in meter to identify test strip and liquid control information.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

)Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoaguChek XS Plus System(predicate: unmodified device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoaguChek XS Pro System(modified device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>General FeaturesNote: The test strip itself has not been modified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood drop must be minimum 10 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood drop must be minimum 8 μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Son                 Code Chip Modifications                      i</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood application time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18° -32 C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15°-32 °</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Hardware</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External Barcode Scanner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated Barcode Scanner</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LED Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TFT Display</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185 x 98 x 42 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231 x 97 x 43 mm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311 g (without batteries)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350 g (without batteries)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>                                                            SoftwareAA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 INR results, 500 QC results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 INR results, 500 QC results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User interface shows images/icons</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upgraded display showsimages/icons and more descriptivetext.</td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics   
c/o Ms. Jennifer Tribbett   
Regulatory Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, Indiana 46250

# MAR 1 8 2010

Re: k093460   
Trade/Device Name: Coaguchek XS Pro System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7750 Regulation Name: Prothrombin time test . Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GJS Dated: February 8, 2010 Received: February 12, 2010

Dear Ms. Tribbett:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter wil allow you to begin marketing

Page 2 - Ms. Jennifer Tribbett

your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Ona I ho

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K093460

Device Name: CoaguChek XS Pro System

Indications For Use:

The CoaguChek XS Pro System (CoaguChek XS Pro meter and CoguChek XS PT Test strips) quantitatively determines prothrombin time ("PT"), using capillary blood or whole blood from a vein (nonanticoagulated venous whole blood). It is indicated for use by healthcare professionals. The system is ideally suited to monitor coagulation values in people who are taking oral anticoagulation medication (vitamin K antagonists, VKAs).

Prescription Use XXX AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH,Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K093460