# 510(k) Summary COULTER® LIN-X Linearity Control

# 1. Submitted By:

Lourdes Coba   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
11800 SW 147 Avenue; M/C: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500   
Telephone: (305) 380-4079   
FAX: (305) 380-4344

# DEC21 2010

?. Date Submitted: March 19, 2010

3. Device Name(s):

3.1 Proprietary Names COULTER® LIN-X Linearity Control

# 3.2 Classification Name

Hematology quality control mixture (21 CFR $\ S$ 864.8625)

4. Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocketNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LIN-XLinearity Control(7 Levels)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTERO LIN-XLinearity Control(12 Levels)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K081641</td></tr></table>

# 5. Description:

COULTER® LIN-X Linearity Controls are stabilized human blood components whose white blood cells (WBC), red blood cells (RBC), hemoglobin (HGB) and platelets (PLT) concentrations span the instrument's reportable range. Results from repeated measurements for each concentration are compared to the established expected range to assess the instrument's calibration and verify the reportable range.

# 6. Intended Use:

COULTER® LIN-X Linearity Controls are intended to assess calibration and verify the reportable range of Coulter $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cellular Analysis Systems listed in the TABLE OF EXPECTED RESULTS in conjunction with specific COULTER reagents. Refer to Instructions for Use.

# 7. Comparison to Predicate(s):

CLTER® LIN- Linearity Control is essentially ientical to he current LINLinearity Control except that it only contains Levels 1-7 of the current product and Level 6 is additionally assayed for WBC. Levels 1-5 and Level 7 have not been modified.

# 8. Summary of Performance Data:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open andClosed VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluated open and closed vial stabilityof 3 lots of Level 6 of LIN-X LinearityControl over the shelf life of the producton aDxH™M300 and DxHTM300C(pending510(k)clearance K100489).The stability of Level 1-5 and Level 7 waspreviously cleared in K081641.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIN-X Linearity Controldemonstratedacceptable results.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ValueAssignmentProcess</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value assignment of Level 6 WBC foreach lot of LIN-X Linearity Control isdetermined on validated systems usingspecific COULTER reagents. AssignedValues  are confirmed by  multipleanalysis of the control product.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Established process forgenerating assignedvalues for LIN-XLinearity Control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeDeterminationProcess</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The expected range for WBC on Level 6was calculated by a bio-statistician basedupon the assigned values and expectedranges of the WBC parameters fromLevels 1-5 and 7.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Established WBCexpected range forLevel 6 of LIN-XLinearity Control.</td></tr></table>

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

Beckman Coulter, Inc. c/o Ms. Lourdes Coba Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11800 SW $1 4 7 ^ { \mathrm { i h } }$ Avenue Miami, FL 33196

Re: k100790 Trade/Device Name: COULTER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ LIN-X Linearity Control Regulation Number: 21CFR§864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPK Dated: December 10, 2010 Received: December 13, 2010

Dear Ms. Coba:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements; including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice .

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K100 790

Devie Name: COULTER® LIN-X Linearity Control

Indication For Use:

COULTER® LIN-X Linearity Controls are intended to assess calibration and verify the reportable range of Coulter $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cellular Analysis Systems listed in the TABLE OF EXPECTED RESULTS in conjunction with specific COULTER reagents. Refer to Instructions for Use.

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety OIVD)

Sent Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K100790