$$
\begin{array} { r } { \begin{array} { r } { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \\ { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \\ { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \\ { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \\ { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \\ { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \end{array} \begin{array} { r } { \underline { { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } } } \\ { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } \\ { \underline { { \mathbb { S } } } } \end{array} } \end{array}
$$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate       </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxH™M 300 and DxH™M 300CCOULTER® Cellular AnalysisSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER  AcT Diff 2TMCOULTER LH 780Hematology Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeckmanCoulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K990352K061616</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® AcT Diff 2 TMPredicate for all Parameters except RDW-SDand extended Platelet/WBC Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER© LH 780Predicate for RDW-SD, Platelet and WBC extendedLinearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxHTM 300/300C COULTER® CellularAnalysis System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The COULTER ACT Diff 2 analyzeris a quantitative, automatedhematology analyzer and leukocytedifferential counter For In VitroDiagnostic Use in clinicallaboratories. The purpose is toidentify the normal human patient,with all normal system-generatedparameters, and to flag or identifypatient results that require additionalstudies.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The COUL TER LH 780 Hematology Analyzer isa quantitative, automated hematology analyzerand leukocyte differential counter For In VitroDiagnostic Use in clinical laboratories. TheCOULTER LH 780 Hematology Analyzerprovides automated Reticulocyte analysis andenumeration of nucleated red blood cells(NRBCs) as well as an automated method forenumeration of RBCs and WBCs in body fluids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DxH 300 COULTER Cellular AnalysisSystem and the DxH 300C COULTER CellularAnalysis System are quantitative automatedhematology analyzers for in vitro diagnostic usein clinical laboratories. The DxH 300COULTER Cellular Analysis System and theDxH 300C COULTER Cellular AnalysisSystem provide complete blood count, (WBC,RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW,RDW-SD, PLT, MPV) and Leukocyte 3-PartDifferential [LY (%/#), MO (%/#), GR (%/#)]for whole blood specimens, collected in a salt ofEDTA [dipotassium (K2) or tripotassium (K3)]obtained by venipuncture, heel or fingerstick.The purpose of the DxH 300 and the DxH 300Cis to identify normal human patients, withnormal system-generated parameters, frompatients whose results require additional studies.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClassificationand ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220, Automated Cell Counter,GKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, Hgb, Hct, MCV, MCH,MCHC, RDW, PIt, MPV, LY%,MO%, GR%, LY#, MO#and GR#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, Hgb, Hct, MCV, MCH, MCHC,RDW, RDW-SD, Plt, MPV, LY%, MO%, NE%,EO%, BA%, LY#, MO#, NE#, EO#, BA#,RBC%, NRBC#, RET%, RET#, IRF and MRV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as AcT Diff 2 with the addition of RDW-SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality ControlTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily Instruments Check,Commercial Controls, PatientControls, Inter-laboratory QualityAssurance Program (IQAP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as AcT Diff 2 PLUS Delta Checks, XBAnalysis, Extended QC and XM Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as AcT Diff 2 with addition of XBAnalysis, Extended QC and XM Analysis</td></tr></table>

S c  e   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® AcT Diff 2 TMPredicate for all Parameters except RDW-SDand extended Platelet/WBC Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER@ LH 780Predicate for RDW-SD, Platelet and WBC extendedLinearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxHTM 300/300C COULTER CellularAnalysis System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalysisReagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER@ ISOTON III DiluentCOULTER® LYSE S III Diff LyticAgent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH Series DiluentCOULTER® Isoton 4 DiluentCOULTER LH Series PakCOULTER® LH Series Retic PakCOULTER® Lyse S® III Lytic AgentCOULTER® Lyse S 4 Lytic Agent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxH™ 300 Pack-contains COULTER® DxHDiluent (Optimized Isoton 4 Diluent) andCOULTER® DxH Cell Lyse (Same as Lyse S4 lytic agent)DxH 300 Rinse</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control&amp; Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® 4C® Plus Cell ControlCOULTER® 4C-ES Cell ControlCOULTER® S-CAL® Calibrator KitCOULTER® LIN-C@ LinearityControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® 5C@ Cel1 ControlCOULTER® Latron™M Primer and Latron ControlCOULTER® LIN-C Linearity ControlCOULTER® S-CAL® Calibrator KitCOULTER® Retic-CTM Cell Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® 4C-EX 300 Cell ControlCOULTER LIN-X Linearity ControlCOULTER® S-CAL® Calibrator Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CleaningAgents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® AcT Rinse ShutdownDiluent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® LH Series Cleaner</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COULTER® DxH Cleaner</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleIntroduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual presentation for open orclosed vial sampling whole bloodanalysis and pre-dilute mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual presentation for open vialAutomated presentation for closed vial samplingfrom 12 position cassette. Maximum load capacity12 racks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as AcT Diff 2 except DxH 300 does notperform closed vial sampling</td></tr></table>

  
Apns

- you   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI EP5-A2, Evaluation of PrecisionPerformance of Quantitative Measurement Methods;Approved Guideline - Second Edition.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DxH 300 systems demonstrated acceptable resultswith reagents stated above.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI EP06-A, Evaluation of the Linearity ofQuantitative Measurement Procedures: A StatisticalApproach; Approved Guideline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DxH 300 systems demonstrated acceptable linearityresults.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carryover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference to the ICSH document: Guidelines for theEvaluation of Blood Cell Analyzers including those used fordifferential leukocyte and reticulocyte counting and cellmarker applications. International Council forStandardization in Haematology: prepared by the ICSHexpert panel on cytometry. Clin Lab Haematol, 16(2):157.174, 1994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DxH 300 systems demonstrated acceptablecarryover results.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen collection was done in accordance with CLSI H3-A6- Procedures for the Collection of Diagnostic BloodSpecimens by Venipuncture: Approved Standard- SixthEdition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable sample and prepared sample stability resultsachieved.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI C28-A3, Defining, Establishing, andVerifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory,Approved Guideline - Third Edition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference intervals established.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing was done in accordance with CLSI H20-A2Reference Leukocyte (WBC) Differential Count(Proportional) and Evaluation of Instrumental Methods;Approved Standard - Second Edition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DxH 300 systems analysis of normal and clinicalsamples met the internal validation acceptancecriteria</td></tr></table>

Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Jeanne Roscoe   
Senior Regulatory Specialist   
11800 S.W. 147th Avenue MS 31 B06 Miami, FL 33196-2500

# OCT 2 6 2010

Re: k100489 Trade/Device Name: DxH™M 300 and DxH™M 300C COULTER® Cellular Analysis Systems Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: September 29, 2010 Received: September 30, 2010

Dear Ms. Roscoe:

We-have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devies, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed preicatedvi result n  clasication or yourdevice nd thus, perits your devic proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 50.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Offce of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Maa In Chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (K100489):

# Device Name: DxH™ 300 COULTER® Cellular Analysis Analyzer DxH™ 300C COULTER® Cellular Analysis Analyzer

Indication For Use:

The DxH 300 COULTER Cellular Analysis System and the $\mathrm { D x H } 3 0 0 \mathrm { C }$ COULTER Cellular Analysis System are quantitative automated hematology analyzers for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories. The DxH 300 COULTER Cellular Analysis System and the DxH 300C COULTER Cellular Analysis System provide complete blood cOunt, (WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV) and Leukocyte 3-Part Differential [LY $( \% / \# )$ , MO $( \% / \# )$ , GR $( \% / \# ) ]$ for whole blood specimens, collected in a salt of EDTA [dipotassium (K2) or tripotassium (K3)] obtained by venipuncture, heel or fingerstick. The purpose of the $\mathrm { D x } \mathbf { H } \ 3 0 0$ and the $\mathsf { D x H 3 0 0 C }$ is to identify normal human patients, with normal system-generated parameters, from patients whose results require additional studies.

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K100489