# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 South 109th Street Omaha, NE 68128

AUG 2 3 2010

Official Correspondent: Kerrie Oetter, Regulatory Affairs Specialist (402)-537-5215

# Date Prepared:

August 5, 2010

Name of Device: Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name:

Cell-ChexTM Hematology Control for Body Fluids White and Red Blood Cell Control (864.8625)

Predicate Device:

Cell-Chex™ (K000076) Manufactured by Streck

# Description:

Cell-Chex is a stabilized suspension of human red blood cells, human white blood cells and monosodium urate crystals (Level 1 only) in a preservative medium. The product is packaged in glass vials containing $2 . 0 \mathsf { m } |$ The closures are polypropylene screw caps with polyethylene liners. There are two different levels. Level 1 contains a low cell count and monosodium urate crystals, and Level 2 contains a high cell count and no crystals. The vials will be packaged in a six (6) or twelve (12) welled vacuum formed "clam-shell" container with the package insert / assay sheet. The product must be stored at $2 \cdot 1 0 ^ { \circ }$ EY C.

# Intended Use:

Cell-Chex is an assayed control intended for monitoring total cell counts performed manually using a hemocytometer to validate quantitation of red and white blood cells in patient cerebrospinal fluid and body fluid samples including pleural, pericardial, peritoneal and synovial fluid. Level 1 contains monosodium urate crystals which can be used to monitor the presence of crystals in synovial fluid.

Cell-Chex is also intended for monitoring white blood cell differentiation (Mononuclear, Polymorphonuclear; Neutrophils, Eosinophils, Basophils, Lymphocytes and Monocytes) in body fluid samples performed using Cytospin® smears.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell-Chex - original (PredicateProduct)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell-Chex - New with crystal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended UseStatement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell-Chex is an assayed controlintended for monitoring total cellcounts performed manually usinghemocytometerto validatequantitation ofredand whiteblood    cells    in    patientcerebrospinal fluid andbodysamples   including   pleural,pericardial,    peritoneal   andsynovial fluid. It is also intendedfor monitoring white blood celldifferentiation  in  body  fluidsamples    performed    usingCytospin smears.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell-Chex is an assayed controlintended for monitoring total cellcounts performed manually using ahemocytometer to validatequantitation of red and white bloodcells in patient cerebrospinal fluidand body fluid samples includingpleural, pericardial, peritoneal andsynovial fluid. Level 1 containsmonosodium urate crystals whichcan be used to monitor thepresence of crystals in synovialfluid.Cell-Chex is also intended formonitoring white blood celldifferentiation (Mononuclear,Ploymorphonuclear; Neutrophils,Eosinophils,Basophils,Lymphocytes and Monocytes) inbody fluid samples performed usingCytospin® smears.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Closed VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stabilized human red blood cellsand human white blood cells in apreservative medium.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stabilized humanredblood cells,human  white blood  cells  andmonosodium urate crystals (Level 1only) in a preservative medium.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>The only difference relative to the predicate product (i.e. Cell-Chex), which has been onthe market since 2000 is the addition of the crystal component. The product compositionand the associated product usage applications (i.e. hemacytometer and Cytospin™smears) are unchanged. The crystal component is intended to be listed on the assay aspositive or negative (i.e. present or not present).</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results:

Four types of studies were conducted to establish performance of Cell-Chex. The four tests conducted were Closed Vial Stability, Open Vial Stability, Run-to-Run Reproducibility, and Precision Performance Data. All testing showed that Cell-Chex is consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the predicate product and stable for the shelf life claimed.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests

Cell-Chex fulfils its intended use as a control mixture for manual counting of Red Blood Cells and White Blood Cells in body fluids such as cerebrospinal fluid. Results presented show it is consistently reproducible and performs comparably to the predicate product. It is safe and effective product when used as indicated in instructions for use.

Streck c/o Ms. Kerrie Oetter. Regulatory Affairs Specialist 7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Street Omaha, NE 68128

Re: k101335 Trade/Device Name: Cell-ChexTM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GLQ Dated: July 26, 2010 Received: July 27, 2010

Dear Ms. Oetter:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate. commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general contros provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Tite 1, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number • (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

mana Ichaw

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use Form

510(k) Number (f known): K101335

Device Name: Cell-Chex T™M

AUG 2 3 2010

Indications For Use:

Cell-Chex is an assayed control intended for monitoring total cell counts performed manually using a hemocytometer to validate quantitation of red and white blood cells in patient cerebrospinal fluid and body fluid samples including pleural, pericardial, peritoneal and synovial fluid. Level 1 contains monosodium urate crystals which can be used to monitor the presence of crystals in synovial fluid.

Cell-Chex is also intended for monitoring white blood cel differentiation (Mononuclear, Polymorphonuclear; Neutrophils, Eosinophils, Basophils, Lymphocytes and Monocytes) in body fluid samples performed using Cytospin® smears