# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is: _K101578

# Submitter Information

Manufacturer: Address:

R&D Systems, Inc.   
614 McKinley Place N.E. Minneapolis, MN 55413 Nancy Ring   
612-656-4533   
612-379-6580   
4/21/2011   
Contact:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Date Prepared:

# Device Information

Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Classification: Product Code: Device Class: Panel:

Body Fluid-I Hematology Control   
Hematology Control   
Hematology quality control mixture   
21 CFR 864.8625   
JPK   
II   
Hematology (81)

# Predicate Device

Trade Name: 510(k) number: Date:

Streck Cell-Chex™ Auto Hematology Control   
K053362   
January $1 3 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ ,2006

# Description of Device

The R&D Body Fluid-I is an assayed, in vitro, whole blood control composed of human and bovine cells in a plasma-like fluid with preservatives. Three levels are available and each level of control is packaged in a tube containing 3 mL of the control material. It is sampled in the same manner as a patient specimen.

# Intended Use:

Body Fluid-I Control is an assayed hematology control intended to monitor the reliability of hematology instruments that quantitatively measure red and white blood cell counts in cerebrospinal fluids, serous fluids, and synovial fluids.

# Comparison to Predicate

Like the previously cleared predicate device, the Body Fluid-I Hematology Control is an assayed whole blood control for evaluating the accuracy and precision of hematology instruments that measure blood cell counts in patient body fluid samples.

The difference is the predicate device's biological source is human whereas the Body Fluid-I contains human and bovine biological sources.

# Summary of Data

Three lots were tested to verify the closed vial and open vial stability and lot to lot reproducibility. Each lot of control material (each lot containing 3 levels) were stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \subset$ and tested at real time points at approximately every other week on three different instruments for the purpose of evaluating closed vial stability.

Open vial stability was assessed on three lots of control material (each lot containing 3 levels) and tested near the end of their closed vial shelf life to reflect a worse case scenario. The controls were stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ until they were tested. The testing was done according to the instructions for use through at least 30 days and run on one analyzer.

The Body Fluid-I Hematology Control passed the acceptance criteria of remaining within range over the life of the product.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests:

The R&D Systems Body Fluid-I Hematology Control is as safe and effective as the predicate device and is an effective quality control material for evaluating the accuracy and precision of hematology instruments that measure blood cell counts in patient body fluid samples when used as indicated on the labeling. It meets the claim of a 75 day closed vial, and 30 day open vial stability and results confirm lot-to-lot consistency.

R&D Systems, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Nancy Ring   
Sr. Quality Assurance/Regulatory Affairs Specialist 614 McKinley Place N.E. .   
Minneapolis, MN, 55413   
Re: k101578   
Trade/Device Name: Body Fluid-I Hematology Control   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625   
Regulation Name: Mixture, Hematology Quality Control   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: JPK   
Dated: April 8, 2011   
Received: April 12, 2011

Dear Ms. Ring:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D . Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K101578

Device Name: R&D Body Fluid-I Hematology Control

Indications for Use:

The R&D Body Fluid-I Control is an assayed hematology control intended to monitor the reliability of hematology instruments that quantitatively measure red and white blood cell counts in cerebrospinal fluids, serous fluids, and synovial fluids.

For in vitro Diagnostic Use Only

Page 1 of _1_