# 510(k) Summary

(per 21 CFR 807.92)

I. Applicant Contact Information Applicant: Address:

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Jacqueline Emery, BS EE

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number: Email: Preparation Date: Device Trade Name

781-861-4350 781-861-4207 jemery@ilww.com

July 28, 2010

HemosIL® Protein S Activity

II. Device Regulatory Information

Regulatory Section Classification Common Name: Classification Name: Product Code: Panel:

21 CFR 864.7290   
Class II   
Protein S Test   
Factor Deficiency Test   
GGP   
81 (hematology)

III. Identification of Legally Marketed Device

K053499

HemosIL® ProS

# IV. Device Description

The HemosiL Protein S Activity assay determines the functional activity of free Protein S by measuring the degree of prolongation of prothrombin time in the presence of the human recombinant factor, phospholipids, calcium ions, and activated Protein C. The protein S activity is correlated with the prolongation of the clotting time of a Protein S deficient plasma to which a diluted sample has been added.

# V. Device Indications/ Intended Use

Automated coagulation functional assay for the quantitative determination of free Protein S in human citrated plasma as an aid in the diagnosis of hereditary and acquired Protein S deficiency, on ACL TOP Family members.

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics of the Device

# Similarities

The HemoslL Protein S Activity Assay is Substantially Equivalent to its predicate, the HemosIL ProS Assay (K053499), in both intended use and performance:

TABLE 1: TaBle Of SIMIlaRity And DiFFerenceS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K053499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL ProS•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein SActivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co. (self)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated coagulation functional assayfor the quantitative determination offree Protein S in human citrated plasmaas an aid in the diagnosis of hereditaryand acquired Protein S deficiency, onthe ACL TOP® Family of analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>citrated plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional Clotting Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test is based on the ability ofendogenous protein S as a cofactor ofactivated protein C to prolong theclotting time. Protein S levels in patientplasma are measured automatically onthe ACL TOP® Family of analyzers.The test determines the functionalactivity of free protein S by measuringthe degree of prolongation of aprothrombin time in the presence ofthe  recombinant  tissue  factor,phospholipids, calciumions,andactivated protein C.The protein S activity is correlated withthe prolongation of the clotting time ofa Protein S deficient plasma to whichdiluted sample has been added.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIl Calibration plasma values areassigned for Protein S Activity and usedfor calibrating the standard curve.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# HemosIL Protein S Activity Assay

TABLE 2: Table Of Similarity And Differences (continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K053499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TBD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL ProS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein SActivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Composition- Protein S reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized preparationcontaining recombinant tissuefactor, synthetic phospholipids,activated protein C, Polybrene,buffer, stabilizers &amp;preservatives.- Includes calcium ions. Rabbit Tissue Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilizedpreparationcontainingrecombinanttissue factor,syntheticphospholipids,activated proteinC, Polybrene,buffer, stabilizers&amp; preservatives.Calcium is addedseparately toimprove shelf life.Human TissueFactor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium is included in the ProteinS reagent vial.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium isincluded in aseparate vial.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein S deficientplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized human plasma whichhas been artificially depleted ofprotein S.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same except forvial size.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein S controlplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized human plasmacontaining a low level of protein S.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not sold with thisproduct.</td></tr></table>

# Differences

There are 2 main differences between the 2 products; the HemoslL Protein S Activity Assay, the subject of this submission, and its Hemosil ProS assay predicate: the applicant contains human tissue factor, whereas the predicate utilizes rabbit tissue factor.

In addition the HemosiL Protein S Activity assay kit composition has changed as compared to its predicate: the calcium ions required for the reaction, which were previously included in the predicate's Protein S reagent vial, are now offered as a separate component. The test results demonstrate that these changes do not adversely affect the product's performance.

# VII. Summary of Performance Data

Precision

Performance characteristics were assessed utilizing 3 lots of reagent on 3 representative members of the ACL TOP Family (ACL TOP, ACL TOP S00 CTS and ACL TOP 700). Precision was evaluated in accordance with CLSl EP05-A21, for 20 days, with 2 runs per day and 2 replicates per run, for each sample level $( n = 8 0 /$ instrument/ lot). Data from a representative lot is included below:

<table><tr><td>ACL TOP</td><td>Mean (% PS)</td><td>CV% (Within run)</td><td>CV% (Total}</td></tr><tr><td>Normal Control</td><td>94.2</td><td>2.5</td><td>4.9</td></tr><tr><td>Low Abnormal Control</td><td>33.6</td><td>3.8</td><td>7.1</td></tr><tr><td>High Abnormal Control</td><td>19.3</td><td>1.19(SD)</td><td>2.23 (SD)</td></tr><tr><td>Internal Control 1</td><td>44.5</td><td>2.9</td><td>6.2</td></tr><tr><td>Internal Control 2</td><td>67.2</td><td>1.7</td><td>4.7</td></tr><tr><td>High Plasma Sample</td><td>128</td><td>1.6</td><td>4.2</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison - In-House

An in-house comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI EP09-A2; Method Comparison and Bias Estimation, $2 ^ { n d }$ Edition, 2002, to compare the performance of HemosIL Protein S Activity versus the predicate device (HemosIL ProS) on representative ACL TOP Family members with the following results:

TABLE 3: METHOD COMPARISON RESUlTS In-HOUSE   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.968</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 500 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.975</td></tr></table>

# HemosIL Protein S Activity Assay

# Method Comparison - Field Sites

Two field site studies were performed to compare the performance of the Hemosll Protein S Activity assay versus the predicate device (HemosIL ProS) on the ACL TOP with the following results:

TABLE 4: METHOd COMPARisoN RESUltS FiELD SItES   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IL System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.965</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.956</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Conclusion

Based on the device's similarity in intended use, technology characteristics and performance data, it is determined that the IL Hemosll Protein S Activity assay is substantially equivalent to its predicate, the HemosIL ProS assay.

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. c/o Ms. Jacqueline Emery Regulatory Affairs Manager 180 Hartwell Rd. Bedford, MA 01730

Re: k102164   
Trade/Device Name: HemosIL® Protein S Activity   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7290   
Regulation Name: Test Qualitative and Quantitative Factor Deficiency   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: GGP   
Dated: March 4, 2011   
Received: March 7, 2011

Dear Ms. Emery,

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
ht1p://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

i In Chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k 102164

Device Name: HemosIL' Protein S Activity

# Indications for Use:

Automated coagulation functional assay for the quantitative determination of free Protein S in human citrated plasma as an aid in the diagnosis of hereditary and acquired Protein S deficiency, on the ACL TOP" Family of analyzers.