# Date Prepared

# October 1, 2010

# Submitter

Medtronic, Inc.   
Medtronic Perfusion Systems   
7611 Northland Drive   
Minneapolis, MN 55428   
Establish Registration Number: 2184009

# Contact Person

Jeffrey L. Koll   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Phone: (763) 514-9842   
Fax: (763) 367-8360   
Email: jeffrey.1.koll@medtronic.com

# Device Name and Classification

Trade Name: Common Name: Regulation Number: Product Code: Classification:

Heparin Dose Response (HDR) Cartridge   
Automated Heparin Analyzer   
21 CFR 864.5680   
JOX   
Class II

# Predicate Device

Heparin Dose Response (HDR) Cartridge (K042070) cleared on October 1, 2004.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

A comparison of the modified device and the currently marketed Heparin Dose Response (HDR) Cartridge shows the following similarities:

√ Same intended use.   
• Same operating principle.   
• Same technological characteristics. Same performance claims.

# Description of Device Modification

# Heparin

The modification to the current device is to replace old USP heparin with revised USP heparin. The heparin concentrations have been increased by $1 3 . 6 \%$ for heparinized channels (ch 1 & 2 and ch 3 &4). The source of the heparin remains porcine.

# Intended Use

The intended use is unchanged.

# Labeling

The current labels and IFU are being updated to reflect the revised USP heparin concentrations in heparinized channels (ch. 1& 2 and ch.3 & 4). The current IFU also includes updates for style, grammar and readability. Applicable tables have also been updated with data generated from the verification testing with modified cartridges using revised USP heparin.

Appendix A contains the current IFU. • Appendix B contains the draft IFU. Appendix C contains the current and draft labels

# Conclusion

The modifications to the Heparin Dose Response (HDR) Cartridge described in this submission result in a substantially equivalent device because the fundamental scientific technology and the intended use are unchanged.

Medtronic, Inc.   
Medtronic Perfusion Systems   
c/o Mr. Jeffrey Koll   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 8200 Coral Sea Street NE   
Mounds View, MN 55112

Re: k102953 Trade/Device Name: Heparin Dose Response (HDR) Cartridge Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5680 Regulation Name: Automated heparin analyzer Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JOX Dated: October 28, 2010 Received: November 1, 2010

Dear Mr. Koll:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed ininterstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class I (Special Controls), it may be subject to such aditional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can befound in Tie , Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mana M Can

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K102953

Device Name: Heparin Dose Response Cartridge

# Indications for Use:

For determining in vitro individual responses to heparinization using whole blood on the HMS Plus instrument.

For in Vitro Diagnostic Use.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Renk.8 Divislon Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k). K102953