# 510(k) Summary

# Date Prepared

October 1, 2010

Submitter

Medtronic, Inc.   
Medtronic Perfusion Systems   
7611 Northland Drive   
Minneapolis, MN 55428   
Establish Registration Number: 2184009

# Contact Person

Jeffrey L. Koll   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Phone: (763) 514-9842   
Fax: (763) 367-8360   
Email: jeffrey.l.koll@medtronic.com

# Device Name and Classification

Trade Name:

CLOTtrac Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation   
Control   
Activated Whole Blood Clotting Time   
21 CFR 864.7140   
JBP   
Class II

Common Name: Regulation Number: Product Code: Classification:

# Predicate Device

CLOTtrac® Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control (K042175) cleared on October 18, 2004.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

A comparison of the modified device and the currently marketed CLOTtrac® Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control show the following similarities:

• Same intended use.   
• Same operating principle.   
• Same technological characteristics.   
• Same performance claims.

# CLOTtrac Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control Special 510k

# Description of Device Modification

# Heparin

The modification to the current control is to replace old USP heparin with revised USP heparin. The source of the heparin remains porcine.

# Intended Use

The intended use is unchanged.

# Labeling

The current labels are unchanged by this device modification. The current Instructions for Use (IFU) has been updated for style, grammar and readability.

Appendix A contains the current IFU. • Appendix B contains the draft IFU. Appendix C contains the current labels

# Conclusion

The modifications to the CLOTtrac® Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control described in this submission result in a substantially equivalent device because the fundamental scientific technology and the intended use are unchanged.

Medtronic, Inc.   
c/o Mr. Jeffrey L. Koll   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 8200 Coral Sea Street NE   
Mounds View, MN 55112

# DEC 0 2 2010

Re: k103314 Trade/Device Name: CLOTtrac®Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7140 Regulation Name: Activated whole blood clotting time tests Regulatory Class: Class ⅡI Product Code: GGN Dated: October 1, 2010 Received: November 10, 2010

Dear Mr. Koll:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class Ⅱ (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made-a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Gemea Philp

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number(ifko. K/03314

Device Name: CLOTtrac® Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control

Indications for Use:

The CLOTtrac® Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control is used to verify the performance f the ACT instrument and the Heparnase (HR-HTC) cartriges.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Genk. Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(Kk) K103314

# CLOTtrac Heparinase Test Cartridge (HTC) Coagulation Control Special 510k