# 510(k) Summary

# CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System

This summary of 5 10(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR·807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K110381

# Submitted by

# Contact Person

Abbott Laboratories 5440 Patrick Henry Drive Santa Clara, CA 95054

Michelle Roeding   
Global Regulatory Affairs Section Manager   
Phone: (408) 567-3781   
Fax: (408) 588-2927

# Date Prepared:

August 2, 2011

# Proprietary Name:

CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System

# Common Name:

Automated Hematology Analyzer

# Classification Name:

Automated Differential Cell Counter (21 CFR 864.5220)

# Predicate Device:

Abbott CELL-DYN 3700 System, K991605

# Device Description:

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System is a bench-top analyzer consisting of the main analyzer with data module, display station, and printer. The main analyzer, data module, and display station are housed in a single chassis. The printer is a stand-alone module.

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 open sampler is equipped to aspirate blood from a collection tube that has been opened and is held under the open sample aspiration probe.

# Intended Use

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer designed for in-vitro-diagnostic use in clinical laboratories for enumeration of the following parameters: WBC, $\mathrm { L Y M } \%$ , LYM # , $M O N \%$ , MON # , $N E \mathrm { U \% }$ ,NEU #, $\mathrm { E O S \% }$ EOS # , $\mathsf { B A S \% }$ , BAS #, RBC, HCT, MCV, RDW, HGB, MCH, MCHC, PLT, MPV in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ anti-coagulated whole blood.

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 is indicated for use to identify patients with hematologic parameters within and outside of established reference ranges.

# Similarities and Differences

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System and the CELL-DYN 3700 System are similar in that:

a Both systems aspirate the specimen from a collection tube, which contains the EDTAanticoagulated human whole blood specimen, and present it for automated processing.   
b) Both systems use microprocessors for systems control, data acquisition, and data analysis.   
c Both systems provide RS232 interface to an on-line LIS.   
d) Both systems provide dispersional data alerts, suspect parameter messages, and critical limit flagging.   
e) Both systems use LED hemoglobin analysis.   
f) Both systems use a cyanide-free differential lyse reagent.   
g) Both systems are capable of inputting specimen information from a bar code through a hand held bar code scanner.   
h) Both systems are capable of data output to a printer.   
i) Both systems use optical analysis for the five-part white blood cell differential.

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System and the CELL-DYN 3700 System are different in that:

a) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 is smaller and more compact than the CELL-DYN 3700.   
b) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 is open mode and the CELL-DYN 3700 is open, or closed mode, and has the option of a sample loader.   
c) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 has patient storage capacity of 1,000 records, while the CELL-DYN 3700 has a patient storage capacity of 10,000 run cycles.   
d) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 has a touch screen and built in keypad, while the CELLDYN 3700 has an external keyboard and monitor.   
e) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 has two USB ports, two serial ports and an internet port, while the CELL-DYN 3700 has a floppy drive and serial port for printing and data storage options.   
f) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 has password protection to secure software fields, while the CELL-DYN 3700 does not have password protection.   
g) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 has a lock out feature to ensure expired reagents cannot be used on the system, while the CELL-DYN 3700 has no reagent lock out feature.   
h) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 has 6 control files, while the CELL-DYN 3700 has 20 control files.   
i) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 sample volume is 28 micro liters while the CELL-DYN 3700 nominal aspiration volume is 130 micro liters in open mode, and 240 micro liters in the closed mode.   
j) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 uses a light emitting diode (LED) for optical analysis of the five-part white blood cell differential, while the CELL-DYN 3700 uses a He-Ne laser.

k) The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 does not measure reticulocytes, while the CELL-DYN 3700 does measure reticulocyte parameters.

# Similarities and Differences Table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceCELL-DYN 3700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submission DeviceCELL-DYN Emerald 22</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bench top analyzer with built inloader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bench top analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument SizeClosed Sample Model</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Height: 24 inches (61 cm)Width: 30 inches (76 cm)Depth: 22 inches (56 cm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Height: 13.8 inches (35 cm)Width: 9.8 inches (25 cm)Depth: 13.8 inches (35 cm)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument SizeSample Loader Model</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Height: 27 inches (68 cm)Width: 30 inches (76 cm)Depth: 31 inches (79 cm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELL-DYN 3700 is amulti-parameter, automatedhematology analyzer designedfor in vitro diagnostic use inclinical laboratories.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELL-DYN Emerald 22System is a quantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzer designedfor in-vitro-diagnostic use inclinical laboratories forenumeration of the followingparameters: WBC, LYM%,LYM # , MON%, MON #,NEU%, NEU #, EOS%, EOS# , BAS%, BAS #, RBC, HCT,MCV, RDW, HGB, MCH,MCHC, PLT, MPV in K2EDTAanti-coagulated whole blood.The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 isindicated for use to identifypatients with hematologicparameters within and outsideof established reference ranges.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC differential</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-part differential</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">White Blood Cells:WBCLYMLYM%MONOMONO%NEUNEU%EOSEOS%BASOBASO%Red Blood Cells:RBCHCTMCVRDWHemoglobin:HGBMCHMCHC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platelets:PLTMPVReticulocyte:RETICRETIC %IRF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameNot applicable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical impedanceLED Hemoglobin Analysis at555 nmOptical differential5mW HeNe Laser</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSameSame455 nm light emitting diode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 90 per hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 45 per hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open or Closed Mode AnalysisManual or loader presentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Mode AnalysisManual presentation and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and aspiration of a well-mixedwhole blood specimen forautomated analysis; automaticdilution of the aspirated sampleand automatic presentation ofeach dilution for measurement.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">aspiration of a well-mixed wholeblood specimen for automatedanalysis; automatic dilution ofthe aspirated sample andautomatic presentation of eachdilution for measurement.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K3EDTA anticoagulated humanwhole blood for all parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2EDTA anticoagulated humanwhole blood for all parameters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Mode Analysis 130 μLClosed Mode Analysis 240 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Mode Analysis 28 µL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiluentCN-Free Lyse ReagentEnzymatic CleanerDetergentSheath ReagentReticulocyte Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiluentCN-Free Lyse ReagentCELL-DYN Easy Cleaner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No reagent lock out feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents lock out feature toensure expired reagents cannotbe used on the system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Histograms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC, PLT, RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Output/Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Output:Host RS232Color Monitor externalPrinterFloppy driveData Input:KeyboardBar code reader (optional)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Output:Host RS232, EthernetColor LCD internalPrinterUSBData Input:On screen KeypadBar code reader (standard)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient Data Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000 cycles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 records</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alphanumeric SpecimenID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 files</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 files</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN 26 Plus Control andCELL-DYN HemCai PlusCalibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control andCELL-DYN 22 Plus Calibrator</td></tr></table>

# Equivalency Data Summary

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System is an automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories. The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System, which includes reagents and software, was compared to the CELL-DYN 3700 System in a clinical trial. The data compiled supports the claim that the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System is substantially equivalent to the CELL-DYN 3700 System. The system evaluation included data for background, correlation, precision, linearity and carryover.

# Conclusion

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System is substantially equivalent to the CELL-DYN 3700 (predicate device). The differences noted between the systems do not pose new questions of safety and effectiveness.

Abbott Laboratories   
Diagnostics Division   
c/o Ms. Michelle B. Roeding   
Section Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
5440 Patrick Henry Drive   
Santa Clara, CA 95054

Re: k110381 Trade/Device Name: CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: December 21, 2011 Received: December 22, 2011

Dear Ms. Roeding:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Tinana MUan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K1/ 03f /

Device Name: CELL-DYN Emerald 22

Indications for Use:

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer designed for in-vitro-diagnostic use in clinical laboratories for enumeration of the following parameters: WBC, LYM%, LYM# , MON%, MON# , NEU%, NEU#, EOS% , EOS# , BAS%, BAS#, RBC, HCT, MCV, RDW, HGB, MCH, MCHC, PLT, MPV in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA anti-coagulated whole blood.

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 is indicated for use to identify patients with hematologic parameters within and outside of established reference ranges.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

510(k) K110381