Axis-Shicld PoC AS Part of the Axis-Shicld Group

Postal address: P.O.Box 6863 Rodelokka N-0504 Oslo, Norway

Visiling address:   
Kjelsasvcien 161   
N-0884 Oslo, Norway   
Tel: +47 24 05 60 00   
Fax: +47 24 05 6G0 10   
www.axis-shield-poc.com   
Bank account: 6003 06 59883

# Special ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and efficacy information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) numbers K11005

Submission type: 510 (k) Special; modification of a previously cleared device   
Submitter/Owner: Axis-Shield PoC AS P.O. Box 6863 Rodelokka, N-0504 Oslo, Norway   
Contact person: Ms. Kari Skinnemoen, Regulatory Affairs Manager E-mail: kaskin@axis-shield.com   
Preparation date: 6 January 2011

Proprietary and Established Names of Previously Cleared Device: Afinion™M AS 100 Analyzer AfinionTM HbAlc AfinionTM HbAIc Controls

Regulatory Information of Previously Cleared Device   
510(k) no.: k050574   
Device Classification: Class I, II   
Product Codes: JQT, LCP, JJX   
CLIA complexity: Waived   
Regulatory Information of Other Cleared Device applicable to this Submission   
510(k) no.: k072409   
Trade/Device Name: Afinion™M ACR and AfinionTM ACR Control   
Device Classification: Class II   
Product Codes: JFY, JIR, JJY

Intended use/Indications for Use of Previously Cleared Device (k050574)

Afinion™M AS100 Analyzer System, consisting of AfinionT AS100 Analyzer, AfinionTM Test Cartridges and AfinionT™ Controls is for in-vitro diagnostic use only. Afinion™ AS100 Analyzer is a compact multi-assay analyzer for point-of-care testing, designed to analyze the AfinionTM Test Cartridges.

AfinionTM HbA lc is an in-vitro diagnostic test for quantitative determination of glycated hemoglobin $\%$ hemoglobin Alc, $\%$ HbA lc) in human whole blood. The measuremcnt of $\%$ HbA lc is recommended as a marker of long-term metabolic control in persons with

diabetes mellitus.

Afinion™M HbA 1c Controls have been designed for use with the Afinion™M AS100 Analyzer System. Quality control using the AfinionTM HbA 1c Control should be done to confirm that the AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer System is working properly and provides rcliable result

# Description of Device Modification:

The AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer is equipped with a new componen/accessory: Afinion™M Data Connectivity Converter (ADCC). The ADCC is only for use together with the Afinion™M AS100 Analyzer.

The ADCC is a small device for automatic transfer of data, including patient and control assay results, from the AfinionTM Analyzer to a laboratory information system (LIS) or another electronic journal system. It converts the format of the results from the proprietary AfinionTM Analyzer protocol to a standardized protocol (HL7 or ASTM). The main functionality for software contained in the AfinionT Data Connectivity Converter is to:

• Extract test result data from the AfinionTMAS100 Analyzer   
o Convert the transmission format to a configurable standard protocol and forward the result data on Ethernet Provide user feedback on LEDs Provide user interface for configuration and software upgrade through a web interface Provide functionality to reset device to default/factory software status.

# Comparison Information:

AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer equipped with AfinionTM Data Connectivily Converter (ADCC) is substantial equivalent to the predicate device: AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer. There is no change in indication/intended use, fundamental scientific technology, analytical performance or safety of the Afinion™M AS100 Analyzer System, consisting of Afinion™M AS100 Analyzer, AfinionTM Test Cartridges and Afinion™M Controls.

# Design Control Activities

Level of concern: moderate. The software device is an accessory/component to a medical device that has a moderate level of concern (AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer).

Hazards analysis has been performed during development regarding installation and operation of AfinionTM Data Connectivity Converter together with the Afinion AS100 Analyzer addressing risks for patient, operator and environment. No hazards have becn assessed to have unacceptable risk.

The design development and the verification/validation have been performed according to the Design Plan. Software code reviews, software module testing and functional testing have been performed. Based on the results the Afinion™M Data Connectivity Converter is considered to be in agreement with design input/design specifications.

Safety standards for clcctrical equipment for laboratory and IVD use Afinion™M AS100 Analyzer equipped with Afinion™M Data Connectivity Converter has been tested and found to be in conformity with IEC, UL, CAN/CSA-C22.2: 61010-1 Saety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use", IEC 61010-2-081 "Particular requirements for automatic and semi-automatic laboratory equipment for analysis and other purposes" and IEC 61010-2-101 "Particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment".

# Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standards

AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer equipped with AfinionTM Data Connectivity Converter has been tested and found to be in conformity with EN 61326-1:2006 "Electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use  EMC requirements", EN 61326-2-6:2006 "In vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment" and CFR 47: Telecommunications, Chapter I- FCC Part 15 - Radio Frequency Devices - Subpart B: unintentional radiators (2009).

# Labeling

The labeling is updated by providing instructions for installation and use of the AfinionT Data Connectivity Converter in a separate User Manual, and by placing the ETL mark on the label, stating compliance with relevant safety standards for electrical equipment for laboralory use.

Axis Shield PoC AS c/o Ms. Kari Skinnemoen Regulatory Affairs Manager PO Box 6863 Rodelokka, Oslo, N-0504, Norway

Re: k110056 Trade Name: AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR §864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated Hemoglobin Assay Regulatory Class: Class H Product Codes: LCP, JQT, JJX, JR, JFY, JY, and DCK Dated: January 6, 2011 Received: January 10, 2011

Dear Ms. Skinnemoen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other. requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Courthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k1 10056 Device Name: Afinion™ AS100 Analyzer

Indications for Use:

AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer is a compact multi-assay analyzer for point-of-care testing, designed to analyze the AfinionTM Test Cartridges. The AfinionT Data Connectivity Converter (ADCC) is a small device for automatic transfer of data, including patient and control assay results, from the Afinion™m Analyzer to a laboratory information system or another electronic journal system.

AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer System, consisting of AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer with AfinionTM Data Connectivity Converter (ADCC), AfinionTM Test Cartridges and Afinion™M Controls is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

AfinionTM HbA lc is an in-vitro diagnostic test for quantitative determination of glycated hemoglobin $\%$ hemoglobin Alc. $\%$ HbA I c) in human whole blood. The measurement of $\%$ HbA 1c is recommended as a marker of long-term metabolic control in persons with diabetes mellitus.

AfinionTM HbA Ic Controls have been designed for use with the AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer System. Quality control using the AfinionTM HbAlc Control should be done to confirm that the AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer System is working properly and provides reliable result.

The AfinionTM ACR assay is an in vitro diagnostic test for quantitative determination of albumin, creatinine and albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR) in human urine using the AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer. The measurement of urine albumin, creatinine and albumin/creatinine ratio, aids in the early diagnosis of nephropathy.

The Afinion™M ACR Control kit contains liquid preparations of albumin and creatinine in citrate buffer. The controls should be used to confirm that the AfinionTM AS100 Analyzer System is working properly and provides reliable results.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)