# OCT 1 2 2011

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# SECTION 7 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is K111543.

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Ventana Digital Pathology Address: 919 Hermosa Court Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Phone: (408) 207-4200 FAX: (408) 207-4299 Contact: Mr. Indu Lakshman

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: Virtuoso™M System for IHC HER2 (4B5)

Common Name: Digital pathology and image analysis system for immunochemistry-stained slides

Classifications: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 1 8 6 0 \cdot$ Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits

Product Codes: OEO, NOT

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate devices

The Virtuoso System for IHC HER2 (4B5) is substantially equivalent to the Aperio ScanScope $^ { © }$ XT System (Aperio Technologies, Inc., Vista, CA) cleared under pre-market notification number K080654 on August 14, 2009. Both devices are digital pathology and image analysis systems for the consistent assessment of pathology interpretations using immunohistochemically stained slides; both systems include slide scanner hardware, and software that both automates the procedural steps and performs the analyses.

In terms of technology, the Virtuoso System for IHC HER2 (4B5) is also substantially equivalent to the Biolmagene PATHIAM™M System with iScan for p53 and Ki-67 (Biolmagene, Inc., Sunnyvale, CA), cleared under pre-market notification K092333 on October 27, 2010. Both of these systems include the same slide scanner (iScan) and other hardware components. The software algorithms for the two systems is different, as this Virtuoso submission is for the breast tumor marker HER2, while the PATHIAM System is for the breast tumor markers p53 and Ki-67.

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

# General Description

The VirtuosoTM System is an instrument-plus-software system designed to assist the qualified pathologist in the consistent assessment of protein expression in immunohistochemically stained histologic sections from formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded normal and neoplastic tissues. The system consists of a slide scanner (iScan), computer, monitor, keyboard, mouse, image analysis algorithms for specific immunohistochemical markers, and software with a Windows web browser-based user interface. Virtuoso is a web-based, end-to-end, digital pathology software solution that allows pathology laboratories to acquire, manage, view, analyze, share, and report digital images of pathology specimens. Using the Virtuoso software, the pathologist can view digital images, add annotations, make measurements, perform image analysis, and generate reports.

Hardware: The iScan slide scanning device captures digital images of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues that are suitable for storage and viewing. The device includes a digital slide scanner, racks for loading glass slides, computer, scanner software, keyboard, mouse and monitor.

Software: The Virtuoso software is designed to complement the routine workflow of a qualified pathologist in the review of immunohistochemically stained histologic slides. It allows the user to select fields of view (FOVs) in the digital image for analysis and provides quantitative data on these FOVs to assist with interpretation. The software makes no independent interpretations of the data and requires competent human intervention for all steps in the analysis process.

# Additional Materials Required:

Ventana PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) rabbit monoclonal primary antibody • Reagents for visualization, such as universal DAB chromogen Associated materials for completing immunohistochemical staining according to the appropriate package insert Color printer if user wishes to print color copies

# Device Quality Control

The quality of results depends on the laboratory following the quality control instructions recommended in the labeling of the immunohistochemistry (IHC) reagents. The software also performs a quality check on the digital images to determine if they are suitable for further analysis using "Image Quality Assessment" algorithms.

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# Summary of Procedure

Samples are obtained as formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue blocks. Histologic sections are prepared and mounted onto glass slides. Slides are reacted with the HER2 (4B5) primary antibody, and are then visualized using universal DAB. Prepared slides are loaded into the Virtuoso system scanner and scanned. The resulting digital images are reviewed by the pathologist on a computer monitor, and appropriate fields of view (FOVs) are then selected for analysis by the Virtuoso software. The Virtuoso software produces a semi-quantitative result of $0 , 1 + , 2 +$ ,or $^ { 3 + }$ , and the pathologist has the choice of accepting the result or overriding with his/her own score.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The Virtuoso system provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The VirtuosoTM System for IHC HER2 (4B5) is for digital read and image analysis applications. This particular Virtuoso system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY® antiHER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody.The PATHWAY® antiHER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN® (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

NOTE: The IHC HER2 4B5 Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of HER-2/neu receptor protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions or the PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the iScan System for IHC HER2 4B5 Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual correlation of PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) to clinical outcome has not been established.

807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate Devices The similarities and differences among the analogous test systems are described below.   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>VirtuosoT IHC HER2 (4B5)</td><td>Aperio ScanScope® XT System K080564</td><td>PATHIAMTM with iScan for p53 and Ki-67 K092333</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>This device is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use. The Virtuoso System provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for IVD use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting,</td><td>This device is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use. The ScanScope System is an automated digital slide creation, management, viewing and analysis</td><td>This device is intended for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) use. The PATHIAM System is intended as an aid to the pathologist to detect, count, and classify cells of clinical</td></tr><tr><td>review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, size, intensity, pattern and shape. The IHC HER2 (4B5) Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are</td><td>system. It is intended for IVD use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular color, intensity, size, pattern and shape. The IHC HER2 Tunable Image Analysis application</td><td>interest based on recognition of cellular objects of particular color, size, and shape, using appropriate controls to assure the validity of the scores. The p53/Ki-67 applications</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td>intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi- quantitative measurement of HER2 protein in formalin- fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. HER2 results are indicated for use as an aid in the management, prognosis and prediction of therapy outcomes in breast cancer. When used with Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY® anti- HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody, it is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer</td><td>is intended for use as an accessory to the Dako HercepTest™M to aid in the detection and semi- quantitative measurement of HER2/neu (c-erbB-2) in formalin-fixed, paraffin- embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. When used with the Dako HercepTestTM, it is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.</td><td>are intended for use as an aid to the pathologist to quantify the percentage of positively stained nuclei in formalin-fixed, paraffin- embedded breast tissue specimens stained with specific monoclonal antibodies and visualized with DAB chromogen to detect both wild-type and mutant nuclear proteins, as specified in the instructions for these reagents</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>patients for whomHERCEPTIN(Trastuzumab) treatment isbeing considered.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirtuosoTM IHCHER2 (4B5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aperio ScanScope XTSystemK080564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHIAMTM with iScanfor p53 and Ki-67-K092333</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue stained byimmunohistochemicaltechnique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Operation(Digital Read andImage Analysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histologic observation by apathologist through theviewer and image analysissystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A- also, the Aperiosystem utilizes a tunablemodel vs a pre-calibrated,locked model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as Virtuoso HER2(4B5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hardware andSoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioImagene (now Ventana)iScan slide scanner,computer, color monitor,proprietary software forHER2 (4B5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated digital slidescanner, computer, colormonitor, and image analysissoftware and digitalpathology informationmanagement software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioImagene (now Ventana)iScan slide scanner,computer, color monitor,proprietary software for p53and Ki-67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mouse, keyboard, windowsweb browser.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mouse and keyboard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as Virtuoso HER2(4B5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Antibody(Assay) Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ventana PATHWAY HER2(4B5) (P990081 S003)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dako Reagents for HER2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dako p53) and Dako Ki-67(reagents are Class I, 510(k)exempt)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ancillary Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAB chromogen kits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Localization ofIHC positive stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytoplasmic membrane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytoplasmic membrane</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation is performedby the pathologist.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1/2): Brief Description of Clinical Data (Non-clinical data N/A)

The Virtuoso System for IHC HER2 (4B5) was clinically validated via two studies. The first (primary) study evaluated overall system performance in terms of: (1) agreement between the reference manual method (with a traditional microscope) and both the digital read (DR) and image analysis (IA) applications o Virtuoystem, intra-pathologisnterday rerdubily the two Virtuoso applications, and (3) inter-pathologist reproducibility of the two Virtuoso applications.

In the second study, scanner precision was evaluated in an isolated fashion via a cross-over design from the primary study. In this second study, a subset of the clinical cases (n = 40) was scanned two more times with two different scanners at two separate locations. This study evaluated scanner precision of the image analysis application only for both inter-scanner precision and intra

# VENTAN

A Member of the Roche Group

scanner/inter-day precision, as the image analysis application is the more sensitive of the two applications, and it generates an instrument-generated HER2 score that is not affected by memory bias as would be the case with human interpretations. The data from both studies are summarized below.

# Agreement/Concordance

# a. Virtuoso Digital Read vs Manual Method

Each pathologist's Virtuoso digital read results were compared to their manual results. The data were categorized as "neg" and "pos" using HER2 classifications of 0 and $1 +$ to describe negative, and $^ { 2 + }$ and $^ { 3 + }$ to describe positive. The overall agreements across the three sites were: $9 3 \%$ , $83 \%$ , and $91 \%$ , respectively. The data, with the $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) around the agreements are shown below.

# Agreement: Digital Read vs Manual (manual $=$ true score)

2 x 2 Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n =119)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=118)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neg2Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (0,1+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (2+,3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(75% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%)</td></tr></table>

# b. Virtuoso Image Analysis vs Manual Method

The same analysis as performed for digital read was performed for image analysis. The overall agreements across the three sites were: $92 \%$ , $8 2 \%$ and $8 8 \%$ , respectively. That data table, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs, is presented below.

# Agreement: Image Analysis vs Manual (manual $=$ true score)

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Image Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=120)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=120)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NegPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (0, 1+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (2+, 3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>82%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>88%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(74% -88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(74% -88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(80%-92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%)</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

a. Intra-Pathologist/Inter-Day (pair-wise comparisons, Session 1 vs Session 2, Session 1 vs Session 3, Session 2 vs Session 3)

Digital Read

The agreements between each of the three comparisons across three sessions with the same pathologist are shown below. The total agreements ranged from $90 \%$ to $9 5 \%$ , and the data (with $9 5 \%$ CIs) are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Intra-Pathologist Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1921</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>193</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(80% -</td></tr></table>

# Image Analysis

The agreements between each of the three comparisons across three sessions with the same pathologist are shown below. The agreements were $100 \%$ for each comparison.

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Intra-Pathologist Image Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2416</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CIl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91% -</td></tr></table>

b. Inter-Pathologist (pair-wise comparisons, Pathologist 1 vs Pathologist 2, Pathologist 1 vs Pathologist 3, Pathologist 2 vs Pathologist 3)

# Manual Read

The three manual readings across the three pathologists were compared to each other. There was no acceptance criterion for this evaluation, as this aspect of the study assesses the differences in the human component of IHC interpretations. The agreements ranged from $8 5 \%$ to $90 \%$ indicating commonality among the three pathologists.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Inter-Pathologist Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5268</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(77% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(79% -</td></tr></table>

# Digital Read

The reproducibility in the Virtuoso digital readings among the three pathologists is shown below, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs. The percent total agreements ranged from $90 \%$ to $9 2 \%$ , satisfying the minimum requirement of $7 5 \%$ .

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Inter-Pathologist Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7149</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83% -94%)</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# Image Analysis

The reproducibility in the Virtuoso image analysis interpretations among the three pathologists is shown below, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs. The percent agreements ranged from $9 3 \%$ to $9 5 \%$ , satisfying the minimum requirement of $7 5 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Inter-Pathologist Image Analys is</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>7446</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88% - 97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89% -98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-</td></tr></table>

# Scanner Precision

When the iScan scanner was evaluated for inter-site and intra-site/inter-day precision, the percent agreements for three image analysis filed of views were in excess of $90 \%$ for every comparison.

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Clinical Testing

Concordance, reproducibility, and precision studies were performed for the Virtuoso System for IHC HER2 (4B5). The test system was shown to be safe and effective for its intended use.

# Ventana Digital Pathology | 919 Hermosa Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 |T: 408 207 4200|F: 408 207 4299 www.ventanadigitalpathology.com!powered by Biolmagene

Ventana Digital Pathology c/o Mr. Indu Lakshman Senior Director QA/ RA 919 Hermosa Court Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Re: k111543 Trade/Device Name: Ventana VirtuosoTM System for HER2 (4B5) Regulation Number: 21 CFR §864.1860 Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NOT, OEO Dated: September 27, 2011 Received: September 28, 2011

Dear Mr. Lakshman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of

Page 2 - Mr. Indu Lakshman

substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.   
Sincerely yours,   
Reanea Pilip   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number (if Known):

111543

Device Name:

# Indications for Use

Ine Virtuoso system provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The VirtuosoTM System for IHC HER2 (4B5) is for digital read and image analysis applications. This particular Virtuoso system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY® anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The PATHWAY® anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN® (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

NOTE: The IHC HER2 4B5 Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of HER-2/neu receptor protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the iScan System for IHC HER2 4B5 Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual correlation of PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) to clinical outcome has not been established.

Prescription Use _X_ AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED) 7 Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K K111543