$$
K / 1 1 8 0 ^ { \circ }
$$

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# SECTION 7 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is K111869.

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Ventana Digital Pathology Address: 919 Hermosa Court Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Phone: (408) 207-4200 FAX: (408) 207-4299 Contact: Mr. Indu Lakshman

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: Virtuoso™M System for IHC PR (1E2)

Common Name: Digital pathology and image analysis system for immunochemistry-stained slides

Classifications: 21 CFR $\ S$ 864.1860- Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits

Product Codes: NQN, OEO

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate devices

The Virtuoso System for IHC PR (1E2) is substantially equivalent to the ScanScope $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System for ER and PR (Aperio Technologies, Inc., Vista, CA) cleared under premarket notification K073677 on August 1, 2008. Both devices are digital pathology and image analysis systems for the consistent assessment of pathology interpretations using immunohistochemically stained slides (in this case, stained for ER expression), and both systems include slide scanner hardware, and software that both automates the procedural steps and performs the analyses.

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The Virtuoso™M System is an instrument-plus-software system designed to assist the qualified pathologist in the consistent assessment of protein expression in immunohistochemically stained histologic sections from formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded normal and neoplastic tissues. The system consists of a slide scanner (iScan), computer, monitor, keyboard, mouse, image analysis algorithm for specific immunohistochemical marker, and software with a Windows web

Revised Page 1 to correct Product Cod Ventana Digital Pathology ! 919 Hermosa Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 [T: 408 207 4200]F: 408 207 4299 www.ventanadigitalpathology.com  powered by Biolmagene

# VENTAN

A Member of the Roche Group

specific immunohistochemical marker, and software with a Windows web browser-based user interface. Virtuoso is a web-based, end-to-end, digital pathology software solution that allows pathology laboratories to acquire, manage, view, analyze, share, and report digital images of pathology specimens. Using the Virtuoso software, the pathologist can view digital images, add annotations, make measurements, perform image analysis, and generate reports.

Hardware: The iScan slide scanning device captures digital images of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues that are suitable for storage and viewing. The device includes a digital slide scanner, racks for loading glass slides, computer, scanner software, keyboard, mouse and monitor.

Software: The Virtuoso software is designed to complement the routine workflow of a qualified pathologist in the review of immunohistochemically stained histologic slides. It allows the user to select fields of view (FOVs) in the digital image for analysis and provides quantitative data on these FOVs to assist with interpretation. The software makes no independent interpretations of the data and requires competent human intervention for all steps in the analysis process.

# Additional Materials Required:

• Ventana CONFIRMTM PR (1E2) rabbit monoclonal primary antibody reagent   
• Reagents for visualization, such as universal DAB universal chromogen   
• Associated materials for completing immunohistochemical staining according to the appropriate package insert   
• Color printer if user wishes to print color copies

# Device Quality Control

The quality of results depends on the laboratory following the quality control instructions recommended in the labeling of the immunohistochemistry (IHC) reagents. The software also performs a quality check on the digital images to determine if they are suitable for further analysis using "Image Quality Assessment" algorithms.

# Summary of Procedure

Samples are obtained as formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue blocks. Histologic sections are prepared and mounted onto glass slides.Slides are reacted with the PR (1E2) primary antibody,, and are then visualized using DAB. Prepared slides are loaded into the Virtuoso system scanner and scanned. The resulting digital images are reviewed by the pathologist on a computer monitor, and appropriate fields of view (FOVs) are then selected for analysis by the Virtuoso software. The Virtuoso software produces a quantitative score for the FOV and an aggregate score over all the FOVs for the whole slide. The pathologist has the choice of accepting the result or overriding with his/her own score for some or all FOVs.

# VENTAN

A Member of the Roche Group

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The Virtuoso system provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The Virtuoso™M System for IHC PR (1E2) is for digital read and image analysis applications. This particular Virtuoso system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of progesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The IHC PR (1E2) Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of PR protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody used to assure the validity of the Virtuoso System for IHC PR Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRM™M anti-PR antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate Devices The similarities and differences between the two test systems are described below.   
Page 4 of 11   
Ventana Digital Pathology | 919 Hermosa Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 [T: 408 207 4200|F: 408 207 4299 www.ventanadigitalpathology.com powered by Biolmagene   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirtuosoTM IHC PR (1E2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ScanScope® XT System- K073677</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This device is intended for in vitrodiagnostic (IVD) use.The Virtuoso System provides automateddigital slide creation, management,analysis, and viewing. It is intended forIVD use as an aid to the pathologist in thedisplay, detection, counting, review andclassification of tissues and cells of clinicalinterest based on particular morphology,color, size, intensity, pattern and shape.The VirtuosoTM System for IHC PR (1E2)is for digital read and image analysisapplications. This particular Virtuososystem is intended for use as an aid to thepathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of progesteronereceptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed,paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastictissue. This device is an accessory toVentana   Medical   Systems, Inc.CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor(PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal PrimaryAntibody assay. The CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (IE2) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody assay isindicated for use as an aid in theassessment of breast cancer patients forwhom endocrine treatment is beingconsidered (but is not the sole basis fortreatment).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This device is intended for in vitrodiagnostic (IVD) use.The ScanScope System is an automateddigital slide creation, management,viewing, and analysis system. It isintended for IVD use as an aid to thepathologist in the display, detection,counting, and classification of tissues andcells of clinical interest based on particularcolor, intensity, size, pattern, and shape.The IHC ER and PR Image Analysisapplications are intended for use as an aidto the pathologist in the detection andquantitative measurement of ER and PR informalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normaland neoplastic tissue. ER and PR areindicated for use as an aid in themanagement, prognosis, and predication oftherapy outcomes of breast cancer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissuestained by immunohistochemical technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Operation(Digital Read andImage Analysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histologic observation by a pathologistthrough the viewer and image analysissystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hardware andSoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biolmagene (now Ventana) iScan slidescanner, computer, color monitor, andVirtuoso™M proprietary software for PR(1E2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated digital slide scanner, computer,color monitor, keyboard, image analysissoftware and digital pathology informationmanagement software.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Antibodies(Assay) Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ventana CONFIRMTM PR (1E2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dako monoclonal mouse anti-human:ERa(1D5) and PR (PgR 636)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Localization ofIHC positive stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results Reported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent positive nuclei</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent positive nuclei and intensity score</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation is performed by thepathologist.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# 807.92 (b)(1/2): Brief Description of Clinical Data (Non-clinical data N/A)

The Virtuoso System for IHC PR (1E2) was clinically validated via two studies. The first (primary) study evaluated overall system performance in terms of: (1) agreement between the reference manual method (with a traditional microscope) and both the digital read (DR) and image analysis (IA) applications of the Virtuoso system, (2) intra-pathologist/inter-day reproducibility of the two Virtuoso applications, and (3) inter-pathologist reproducibility of the two Virtuoso applications.

In the second study, scanner precision was evaluated in an isolated fashion via a cross-over design from the primary study. In this second study, a subset of the clinical cases $( \mathfrak { n } = 4 0 )$ was scanned two more times with two different scanners at two separate locations. This study evaluated scanner precision of the image analysis application only for both inter-scanner precision and intrascanner/inter-day precision, as the image analysis application is the more objective of the two applications and is not affected by memory bias as would be the case with human interpretations. The data from both studies are summarized below.

# Agreement/Concordance

a. Virtuoso Digital Read vs Manual Method

Each pathologist's Virtuoso digital read results were compared to their manual results. The data were categorized as "neg" and "pos" using classifications of less than $1 \%$ to describe negative, and $1 \%$ or greater (Categories 1 and 2 in table) to describe positive. (Category 1 was assigned to positivity of $1 - 1 0 \%$ and Category 2 was assigned to positivity of $> 1 0 \%$ The overall agreements, across the three sites were $9 5 \%$ $9 7 \%$ ,and $9 2 \%$ The overall, negative, and positive percent agreements, with the $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (CI) around the percent agreements, are shown below.

PR Agreements: Digital Read vs Manual (manual $\simeq$ true score)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=112)M.M.M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=114)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=116)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neg  Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (1+, 2+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93% -1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(77% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%)</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# b. Virtuoso Image Analysis vs Manual Method

The same analysis as performed for digital read was performed for image analysis. The overall agreements across the three sites were $9 2 \%$ $9 7 \%$ , and 92%. The data tables, along with negative and positive percent agreements, plus the $9 5 \%$ CIs, are presented below.

PR Agreement: Image Analysis vs Manual (manual $=$ true score)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Image Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=112)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=115)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>{n=114)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (1+, 2+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85% -96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85% -96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(91% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90% - 100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90% - 100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>88%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(78%-94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(78%-94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(77% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%)</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Intra-Pathologist/Inter-Day (pair-wise comparisons, Session 1 vs Session 2, Session 1 vs Session 3, Session 2 vs Session 3)

# Digital Read

The agreements between each of the three comparisons across three sessions with the same pathologist are shown below. The total agreements ranged from $8 5 \%$ to $90 \%$ , as shown below (with $9 5 \%$ CIs).

PR Reproducibility   
Page 6 of 11   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Intra-Pathologist Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>a.v. f^ts     *.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>19•20</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>&#x27;;&quot;2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>. ¥4* ·      . •n i-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(70% -</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

Image Analysis

The agreements between each of the three comparisons across three sessions with the same pathologist are shown below. The agreements ranged from $9 5 \%$ to $9 7 \%$ , as shown below (with $9 5 \%$ CIs).

PR Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Intra-Pathologist Image Analys is</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i&#x27; .n7</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2*μ $ ·</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1722</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>&quot;$5i.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>::t:</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>v.&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1  </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td></tr></table>

b.Inter-Pathologist (pair-wise comparisons, Pathologist 1 vs Pathologist 2, Pathologist 1 vs Pathologist 3, Pathologist 2 vs Pathologist 3

# Manual Read

The three manual readings across the three pathologists were compared to each other. The agreements ranged from $9 2 \%$ to $9 7 \%$ indicating minimal variation among the three pathologists.

PR Manual Read, Inter-Pathologist   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Inter-Pathologist Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r&quot; M &#x27;</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5564</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>: )at..&quot;frac$    ir</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# Digital Read

The reproducibility in the Virtuoso digital readings among the three pathologists is shown below, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs. The percent total agreements ranged from $92 \%$ to $9 7 \%$

PR Digital Read, Inter-Pathologist   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Inter-Pathologist Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 **</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>::.x</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5460</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>:.A...</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>^</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>50 1…6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td></tr></table>

Image Analysis

The reproducibility in the Virtuoso image analysis interpretations among the three pathologists is shown below, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs. The percent agreements ranged from $9 2 \%$ to $9 5 \%$ .

PR Image Analysis, Inter-Pathologist   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Inter-Pathologist Image Analys is</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg… m,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52 ……8 .f</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89%-97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89%-97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(90%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td></tr></table>

# Scanner Precision

Forty (40) cases representing the useful categories of $< 1 \%$ $1 { - } 1 0 \%$ ,and $10 \%$ positive staining for PR were scanned on three different scanners at three different sites to assess inter-scanner precision, and the same three FOVs (tota $\lfloor = 1 2 0 \rfloor$ were captured and evaluated each time by the image analysis application. Limiting the

Page 8 of 11

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

study to image analysis only ensured that only scanner precision was under evaluation, as all other factors were kept constant. Similarly, these same 40 and three FOVs per case were scanned on three different days by the same scanner to assess intra-scanner/inter-day precision.

Pairwise comparisons were performed between each of the three sites (interscanner), and between each of the three days (sessions, intra-scanner). The precision tables are found below.

# PR Inter-Scanner Agreement Rates (Site to Site)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Site 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement: 96.6% (113/117)95% CI: (91.5% to 98.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement: 97.4% (114/117)95% CI: (92.7% to 99.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results - Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement: 94.0% (110/117)95% CI: (88.2% to 97.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Conclusion (PR Inter-scanner)

Overall inter-scanner percent agreements for the three categories ranged from $9 4 . 0 \%$ to $9 7 . 4 \%$ for all FOVs combined.

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# PR Intra-Scanner/Inter-Day Agreement Rates (Session-to-Session)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Session 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Session 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement: 97.4% (114/117)95% CI: (92.7% to 99.1%).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Session 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement: 98.2% (109/111)95% CI: (93.7% to 99.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image Analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Virtuoso PR (1E2) Results- Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Percent Agreement: 97.3% (108/111)95% CI: (92.4% to 99.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Conclusion (PR Intra-scanner/Inter-day)

Overall percent agreements for the three categories ranged $9 7 . 3 \%$ to $9 8 . 2 \%$ for all FOVs combined.

# Additional Analyses:

The precision data for the Virtuoso PR system also underwent analysis for percent coefficient of variation $( \% C V )$ interpreted as asemi-quantive $( < 1 \% , 1 - 1 0 \% , > 1 0 \% )$ output.

The results from the inter-scanner percent $\% \mathrm { C V }$ analyses are presented in the table below. The $\% C V s$ were derived or each source o variability as the standard deviation (D)for that source, divided by the mean, multiplied by $100 \%$ . $\% C V s$ of less than $10 \%$ are generally considered to demonstrate good precision. Across all 351 evaluable observations, the mean percent positivity for PR was $2 5 . 9 3 \%$ .The $\% C V$ for "sites" measures precision of the site-to-site scanning and, at $0 . 0 0 \%$ , demonstrates that scanning results were reproducible between sites. The $\% \mathrm { { C V } }$ for "case" represents between-case biological variability, and the $\% C V$ for the residual term represents

# VENTAN

A Member of the Roche Group

within-case, between-field biological variability, and as such, these sources of variability are outside the scope of scanner performance.

PR Inter-Scanner $\% \mathbf { C V }$ Analyses   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Statistic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FOVs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Positivity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.926</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site (Scanner) SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site (Scanner) %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FOV SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FOV %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.828</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.91</td></tr></table>

Results of the inter-day $\% \mathrm { C V }$ analyses for PR are presented in the table below. Here, the $\% C V$ for "day" is shown to be $0 . 0 0 \%$ .Since it is impossible for a variance to be negative, the model sets the variance component to zero in those cases. Thus, a $\% C V$ of 0 should not be interpreted as a complete absence of variability for that particular source, but rather as variability that is negligible in magnitude. Thus, for the one site that repeated measurements on multiple days, reproducibility between days was shown to be extremely high. As before, the $\% \mathrm { C V s }$ for "case" and for the residual term reflects the between-case and between-field biological heterogeneity, factors that are outside the scope of scanner performance.

PR Intra-Scanner, Inter-Day %CV Analyses   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Statistic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All FOVs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percent Positivity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FOV SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.419</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FOV %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.678</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Residual %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.20</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Clinical Testing

Concordance, reproducibility, and precision studies were performed for the Virtuoso System for IHC PR (1E2). The test system was shown to be safe and effective for its intended use.

# Ventana Digital Pathology | 919 Hermosa Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 [T: 408 207 4200]F: 408 207 4299 www.ventanadigitalpathology.com ! powered by Biolmagene

Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. ${ \mathsf { c } } / { \mathsf { o } } \ { \mathsf { M } } { \mathsf { r } }$ Troy Quander Vice President, Regulatory Affairs 1910 East Innovation Park Drive Tucson, Arizona 85755

Re: k111869 Trade/Device Name: VirtuosoTM System for IHC PR (1E2) Regulation Number: 21 CFR §864.1860 Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQN, OEO Dated: January 17, 2012 Received: January 18, 2012

Dear Mr. Quander:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number (if Known): K111869

Device Name:

VirtuosoTM System for IHC PR (1E2)

# Indications for Use

The Virtuoso system provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The Virtuoso™M System for IHC PR (1E2) is for digital read and image analysis applications. This particular Virtuoso system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of progesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRM™ anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRM™M anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The IHC PR (1E2) Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are adjunctive computerassisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of PR protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody used to assure the validity of the Virtuoso System for IHC PR Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-PR antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

Prescription Use _X_ AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics (OIVD)

LentR Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k). K111869