# K111z11

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { \mathfrak { h } }$ Street Omaha, NE 68128

Official Correspondent: Bert Moses, Director of Quality (402)537- 5343

Date Prepared: April 14, 2011

Name of Device: Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name:

CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control   
Assayed Hematology Control   
Hematology quality control mixture (864.8625)

# Predicate Device:

Para 12 Plus (K901875) Manufactured by Streck

# Description:

CELL-DYN 2 Plus Control is an in-vitro diagnostic product that contains stabilized human red blood cells, human, mammalian or simulated white blood cells and a platelet component in a preservative medium. The product is packaged in polypropylene plastic vials containing $2 . 5 \mathsf { m l }$ The closures are polypropylene screw caps with polyethylene liners. There are three different levels (low, normal and hih. The vials wil be package in a six 6)or twelve ) welled vacuu forme "clam-shellcontae with the package insert / assay sheet. The product must be stored at $2 - 1 0 ^ { \circ } C$ .

# Intended Use:

CELL-DYN 2 Plus Control is an assaye hematology control or evaluating heaccuracy and pres of the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 system.

Assayed parameters include:

WBC $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / 2 )$ , RBC $( 1 0 ^ { 1 2 } / L )$ , HGB $( { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { d } } \ll )$ , HCT $( \% )$ , MCV (fL), MCH (pg), MCHC $( { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { d } } \mathsf { L } )$ ,RDW $( \% )$ PLT $( 1 0 ^ { \circ } / L )$ , MPV (fL), NEU $( \% )$ NEU $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / L )$ ,LYM $( \% )$ ,LYM $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / \lambda )$ , MON $( \% )$ ,MON $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / \mathsf { L } )$ , EOS $( \% )$ , EOS $( 1 0 ^ { 8 } / \iota )$ , BAS $( \% )$ , BAS $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / \ell )$

Comparison to Predicate Device:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para 12 Plus (Predicate Product)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended UseStatement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para 12 Plus is an assayedhematology control for evaluatingthe accuracy and precision ofhematology instruments that providea white blood cell differential.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control is anassayed hematology control forevaluating the accuracy and precisionof the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 system.Assayed parameters include:WBC (10%/L), RBC (1012/L), HGB(g/dL), HCT (%), MCV (fL), MCH (pg),MCHC (g/dL), RDW (%), PLT (10%/L),MPV (fL), NEU (%), NEU (10%/L), LYM(%), LYM (10%/L), MON (%), MON(10%/L), EOS (%), EOS (10%/L), BAS(%), BAS (10%/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Closed Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The whole blood reagent maycontain any or all of the following:stabilized human or mammalian redblood cells, human, mammalian orsimulated white blood cells and aplatelet component in a preservativemedium.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-10C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results:

Five types of studies were conducted to establish performance of CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control. The five tests conducted were Closed-Vial Stability, Open-Vial Stability, 10-Run Reproducibility, 10-Run Reproducibility compared with Whole Blood and External Site recovery of values.All testing showed tha CELL-DYN  Plus Control is consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the predicate product and stable for the shelf life claimed.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests:

Study results show CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control to be consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the predicate products, and stable for the entire product dating.CELL-DYN 2 Plus Control is a sae effetive product, which fulfils ts intended use when used as instructed in the product package isert.

Streck Inc.   
c/o Ms. Deborah S. Kipp   
Quality Assurance Coordinator 7002 South 109th Street   
Omaha, NE 68128

Re: k111211 Trade/Device Name: CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GLQ Dated: December 21, 2011 Received: December 22, 2011

Dear Ms. Kipp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all thc Act's rcquirements, including, but not limitcd to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,mana mchen

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): KI/121/

Device Name: CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control

Indications For Use:

CELL-DYN 22 Plus Control is an assayed hematology control for evaluating the accuracy and precision of the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 system.

Assayed parameters include:

WBC $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / L )$ , RBC $( 1 0 ^ { 1 2 } / \mathsf { L } )$ , HGB (g/dL), HCT $( \% )$ ; MCV (fL), MCH (pg), MCHC $( 9 / \mathsf { d L } )$ ,RDW $( \% )$ , PLT $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / \mathsf { L } )$ , MPV (fL), NEU $( \% )$ NEU $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / L )$ ,LYM $( \% )$ LYM $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / 1 )$ ,MON $( \% )$ MON $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } / 2 )$ EOS $( \% )$ ,EOS $( 1 0 ^ { \circ } / L )$ , BAS $( \% )$ , BAS $( 1 0 ^ { 9 } \Lambda )$

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OiVD)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K/11211