# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# SECTION 7 510(k) SUMMARY

Ti with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is K111872.

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Ventana Digital Pathology Address: 919 Hermosa Court Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Phone: (520) 229-4184 FAX: (520) 229-5960 Contact: Mr. Troy Quander

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: Virtuoso™M System for IHC p53 (DO-7) Common Name: Digital pathology and image analysis system for immunochemistry-stained slides

Classifications: 21 CFR § 864.1860- Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits

Product Codes: NOT, NQN, OEO

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate devices The Virtuoso System for IHC p53 (DO-7) is substantially equivalent to Biolmagene's PATHIAMTM System with iScan for p53 and Ki-67 (BioImagene, Inc. [now Ventana Digital Pathology], Sunnyvale, CA), cleared under pre-market notification K092333 on October 27, 2010. Both devices are digital pathology and image analysis systems for the consistent assessment of pathology interpretations using immunohistochemically stained slides (in this case, stained for $\mathsf { p } 5 3$ E expression), and both systems include slide scanner hardware, and software that both automates the procedural steps and performs the analyses.

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

# General Description

The Virtuoso™M System is an instrument-plus-software system designed to assist the qualified pathologist in the consistent assessment of protein expression in immunohistochemically stained histologic sections from formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded normal and neoplastic tissues. The system consists of a slide scanner

# VENTAN

A Member of the Roche Group

(iScan), computer, monitor, keyboard, mouse, image analysis algorithms for specific immunohistochemical markers, and software with a Windows web browser-based user interface. Virtuoso is a web-based, end-to-end, digital pathology software solution that allows pathology laboratories to acquire, manage, view, analyze, share, and report digital images of pathology specimens. Using the Virtuoso software, the pathologist can view digital images, add annotations, make measurements, perform image analysis, and generate reports.

Hardware: The iScan slide scanning device captures digital images of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues that are suitable for storage and viewing. The device includes a digital slide scanner, racks for loading glass slides, computer, scanner software, keyboard, mouse and monitor.

Software: The Virtuoso software is designed to complement the routine workflow of a qualified pathologist in the review of immunohistochemically stained histologic slides. It allows the user to select fields of view (FOVs) in the digital image for analysis and provides quantitative data on these FOVs to assist with interpretation. The software makes no independent interpretations of the data and requires competent human intervention for all steps in the analysis process.

# Additional Materials Required:

• Ventana CONFIRM™M P53 (DO-7) mouse monoclonal primary antibody Reagents for visualization, such as universal DAB universal chromogen Associated materials for completing immunohistochemical staining according to the appropriate package insert   
Color printer if user wishes to print color copies

# Device Quality Control

The quality of results depends on the laboratory following the quality control instructions recommended in the labeling of the immunohistochemistry (IHC) reagents. The software also performs a quality check on the digital images to determine if they are suitable for further analysis using "Image Quality Assessment" algorithms.

# Summary of Procedure

Samples are obtained as formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue blocks. Histologic sections are prepared and mounted onto glass slides. Slides are reacted with the p53 (DO-7) primary antibody, and are then visualized using DAB. Prepared slides are loaded into the Virtuoso system scanner and scanned. The resulting digital images are reviewed by the pathologist on a computer monitor, and appropriate fields of view (FOVs) are then selected for analysis by the Virtuoso software. The Virtuoso software produces a quantitative score for the FOV and an aggregate score over all the FOVs for the whole slide. The

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

patologist has the choiceoaccepting the result or veriding with his/herown score for some or all FOVs.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The Virtuoso system provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The Virtuoso™ System for p53 (DO-7) is for digital read and image analysis applications. This particular Virtuoso system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of p53 (DO-7) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRM™M antip53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRM™M anti-p53 assay is indicated for the assessment of p53 protein where mutations have been linked to tumor proliferation. When used with this assay, the VirtuosoTM System for p53 (DO-7) is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of p53 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The IHC p53 (D0-7) Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of p53 protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-p53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity f the Virtuoso System or IHC p53 Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRM™M anti-p53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

A Member of the Roche Group

807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate Devices The similarities and differences among the two test systems are described below.   
Page 4 of 8   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VirtuosoTM IHC p53 (DO-7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHIAMTM with iScan forp53 and Ki-67 K092333</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This device is intended for in vitrodiagnostic (IVD) use.The Virtuoso System provides automateddigital slide creation, management,analysis, and viewing. It is intended forIVD use as an aid to the pathologist in thedisplay, detection, counting, review andclassification of tissues and cells of clinicalinterest based on particular morphology,color, size, intensity, pattern and shape.The IHC p53 (DO-7) Digital Read andImage Analysis applications are intendedfor use as an aid to the pathologist in thedetection and semi-quantitativemeasurement of p53 protein in formalin-fixed; paraffin-embedded normal andneoplastic tissue. When used with VentanaMedical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-p53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal PrimaryAntibody, it is indicated for use as an aidin the assessment p53 protein of breastcancer patients (but is not the sole basis fortreatment).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This device is intended for in vitrodiagnostic (IVD) use.The PATHIAM System is intended as anaid to the pathologist to detect, count, andclassify cells of clinical interest based onrecognition of cellular objects of particularcolor, size, and shape, using appropriatecontrols to assure the validity of the scores.The p53/Ki-67 applications are intendedfor use as an aid to the pathologist toquantify the percentage of positivelystained nuclei in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast tissue specimens stainedwith specific monoclonal antibodies andvisualized with DAB chromogen to detectboth wild-type and mutant nuclearproteins, as specified in the instructions forthese reagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissuestained by immunohistochemical technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Operation(Digital Read andImage Analysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Histologic observation by a pathologistthrough the viewer and image analysissystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hardware andSoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biolmagene (now Ventana) iScan slidescanner, computer, color monitor,proprietary software for p53 (DO-7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioImagene (now Ventana) iScan slidescanner, computer, color monitor,proprietary software for p53 and Ki-67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mouse, keyboard, windows web browser.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Antibody(Assay) Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ventana CONFIRMTM p53 (DO-7)(reagent is Class I, 510(k) exempt)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dako p53 and Dako Ki-67(reagents are Class I, 510(k) exempt)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ancillary Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAB chromogen kits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Localization ofIHC positive stain.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation is performed by thepathologist.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# 807.92 (b)(1/2): Brief Description of Clinical Data (Non-clinical data N/A)

The Virtuoso System for IHC p53 (DO-7) was clinically validated via two studies. The first (primary) study evaluated overall system performance across four sites in terms of: (1) agreement between the reference manual method (with a traditional microscope) and both the digital read (DR) and image analysis (IA) applications f he Virtuoso system, intra-pathologistinter-day reproducibility of the two Virtuoso applications (3 sessions), and (3)interpatologist reproducibility (3 sites)of the two Virtuso applications.

In the second study, scanner precision was evaluated in an isolated fashion via a cross-over design from the primary study. In this second study, a subset of the clinical cases $( \mathtt { n } = 4 0 )$ was scanned two more times with two different scanners at two separate locations. This study evaluated scanner precision of the image analysis application only for both inter-scanner precision and intrascanner/inter-day precision, as the image analysis application is the more objective of the two applications and is not affected by memory bias as would be the case with human interpretations. The data from both studies are summarized below.

# Agreement/Concordance

# a. Virtuoso Digital Read vs Manual Method

Each pathologist's Virtuoso digital read results were compared to their manual results. The data were categorized as "neg" and "pos" using p53 classifications of less than or equal to 10% to describe negative, and greater than 10% to describe positive. The overall agreements across the four sites were: $9 3 \%$ $9 5 \%$ $94 \%$ and $8 2 \%$ ,respectively. The data, with the $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals (Cl) around the agreements are shown below.

Agreement: Digital Read vs Manual (manual $=$ true score)   
p53 (DO-7)   
Page 5 of 8   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n = 119)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n =119)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=117)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>n=114</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (≤10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>82%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88%-97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(73%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>74%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(63% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(69%-0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(81%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# b. Virtuoso Image Analysis vs Manual Method

The same analysis as performed for digital read was performed for image analysis. The overall agreements across the four sites were: $9 2 \%$ , $9 7 \%$ , $91 \%$ and $90 \%$ , respectively. That data table, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs, is presented below.

Agreement: Image Analysis vs Manual (manual $\asymp$ true score) p53 (DO-7)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Image Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=119)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=119)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n =117)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n=105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Manual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg (≤10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos(&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CIl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(85%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(92%-   99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(82%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(67%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(89%- :100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(69%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(76%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

aIntra-Pathologist/Inter-Day (pair-wise comparisons, Session 1 vs Session 2, Session 1 vs Session 3, Session 2 vs Session 3)

# Digital Read

The agreements between each of the three comparisons across three sessions with the same pathologist are shown below. The total agreements ranged from $90 \%$ to $9 5 \%$ , and the data (with $9 5 \%$ CIs) are shown below.

Page 6 of 8   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>p53 Intra-Pathologist Digital- 10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>-        -x$-:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Neg  26Pos0  14</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>...s:jir &quot;r::,2$      &#x27;&quot;5.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>m.4.~a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87%- 100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87%- 100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(80% -</td></tr></table>

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

Image Analysis

The agreements between each of the three comparisons across three sessions with the same pathologist are shown below. The agreements ranged from $80 \%$ to $9 3 \%$ , and the data (with $9 5 \%$ CIs) are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>p53 Intra-Pathologist Image Analysis- 10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Session 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Session 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session1 .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i          *#·:2 * ·   e:    a.z.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Session2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegPos</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>26s.q14</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>.2    &quot;s ... 4.?v , 1  &quot;*&quot;s:29</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>   :2 °w04 a tus: &quot;   :2 4 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98% .</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(80% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)(87%-</td></tr></table>

Inter-Pathologist (pair-wise comparisons, Pathologist 1 vs Pathologist 2, Pathologist 1 vs Pathologist 3, Pathologist 2 vs Pathologist 3)

# Manual Read

The three manual readings across three pathologists were compared to each other. The agreements ranged from $87 \%$ to $92 \%$ ,indicating some human variation among the three pathologists.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Inter-Pathologist Manual</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(80%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%)</td></tr></table>

# Ventana Digital Pathology | 919 Hermosa Couri, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 [T: 408 207 4200|F: 408 207 4299 www.ventanadigitalpathology.com | powered by Biolmagene

# VENTANA

A Member of the Roche Group

# Digital Read

The reproducibility in the Virtuoso digital readings among three pathologists is shown below, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs. The percent total agreements ranged from $94 \%$ to $9 9 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Inter-Pathologist Digital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88%-97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%)</td></tr></table>

# Image Analysis

The reproducibility in the Virtuoso image analysis interpretations among three pathologists is shown below, along with the $9 5 \%$ CIs. The percent agreements ranged from $94 \%$ to $9 7 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Inter-Pathologist Image Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Confusion Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Site 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84  </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>.97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(93%-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88%- 97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92% -</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%)</td></tr></table>

# Scanner Precision

When the iScan scanner was evaluated for inter-site and intra-site/inter-day precision, the percent agreements for three image analysis filed of views were approximately $90 \%$ for every comparison.

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Clinical Testing

Concordance, reproducibility, and precision studies were performed for the Virtuoso System for IHC p53 (DO-7). The test system was shown to be safe and 'effective for its intended use.

Mr. Troy Quander Vice President, Regulatory Affairs Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. 1910 E. Innovation Park Drive Tuscon, Arizona 85755

Re: k111872 Trade/Device Name: Virtuoso™" System for IHC p53 (DO-7) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 1 8 6 \dot { 0 }$ Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQN, NOT, OEO Dated: April 3, 2012 Received: April 4, 2012

Dear Mr. Quander:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket

notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, mna Icaen

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number (if Known):

K111872

Device Name: VirtuosoTM System for IHC p53 (DO-7)

# Indications for Use

The Virtuoso system provides automated digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The Virtuoso™M System for p53 (DO-7) is for digital read and image analysis applications. This particular Virtuoso system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of p53 (D0-7) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRM™M anti-p53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRM™m anti-p53 assay is indicated for the assessment of p53 protein where mutations have been linked to tumor proliferation. When used with this assay, the Virtuoso™M System for p53 (DO-7) is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of p53 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The IHC p53 (D0-7) Digital Read and Image Analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of p53 protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRM™M anti-p53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the. Virtuoso System for IHC p53 Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRM™M anti-p53 (DO-7) Mouse Monoclonal Primary Antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

Prescription Use _X_ AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use   
(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Lenk (21 CFR 801 Subpart C) Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety K111872   
H