K112120

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter's name:

Diazyme Laboratories

JAN 2 4 2013

Submitter's address:

12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

Name of Contact Person:

Dr. Abhijit Datta Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 Phone: 858-455-4762 Fax: 858-455-2120

Date the Summary was Prepared:

January 24, 2013

Name of the Device

D-Dimer Assay Kit D-Dimer Assay Calibrator Set D-Dimer Assay Control Set

Trade Name:

Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Kit Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Calibrator Set Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Control Set

Common/Usual Name

D-Dimer Assay

Device Classification Name

D-Dimer Test System

Product code:

GHH Fibrin Split Products   
DAP Fibrinogen and Fibrin Split Products, Antigen, An  
tiserum, Control   
JIT Calibrator, Secondary

# Panel:

Hematology (81)

Submission Type

510k

Regulation Number

21CFR 866.7320

# Device Class

# Class I

Predicate Device:

# Roche TINA-QUANT D-DIMER SYSTEM (k062203)

Manufacturing Address

Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

Establishment Registration

2032900

Description of the Device:

# Summary

Thrombus formation is normally followed by an immediate fibrinolytic response. The resultant generation of plasmin causes the release of fibrin degradation products (predominantly containing D-Dimer) into the circulation.

# Assay Principle

Diazyme's D-Dimer Assay is based on a latex enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. D-Dimer proteins n the sample bind to the speciic ant-D-Dimer antibody, which is cated on latex parti cles, and causes agglutination. The degree of the turbidity caused by agglutination can be measured optically and is proportional to the amount of D-Dimer in the sample. The instrument calculates the D-Dimer concentration of a patient specimen by interpolation of the obtained signal of a 6-point calibration curve.

# Indications for Use:

The D-Dimer Assay is for the quantitative determination of fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products (D-Dimer) in human plasma. Measurement of D-Dimer is used as an aid in detecting the preentrvascular cgulatinnriolysiFo ndiosticusy.

The Diazyme D-Dimer Calibrator Set is intended for use of the calibration of the Diazyme DDimer Assay only. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme D-Dimer Control Set is intended for use as quantitative quality controls for the Diazyme D-Dimer Assay only. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

Table 1 Summary of Assay Kit Components   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1buffer solution, ready to useReagent 2Anti-D-Dimer latex suspension (0.15%) inpH 7.2 buffer matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1100 mM Tris-buffer solution with 0.09% so-dium azide, ready to useReagent 2Suspension of latex particles (&lt; 0.2%) coatedwith mouse monoclonal anti-human D-Dimerwith 0.09% sodium azide, ready to use.CalibratorsFive lyophilized calibrators, one saline cali-brator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 2.5 mL Diluent, Cal 11 x 0.5 mL Calibrator 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saline (as cal 0, not provided)1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 11 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 21 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 31 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 41 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set serum based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set serum based</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 0.5mL Control 11 x 0.5mL Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0mL Control 11 x 1.0mL Control 2</td></tr></table>

Comparison of new device to predicate: The charts below identify similarities and differences between the predicate device and the Diazyme D-Dimer Assay.

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the in vitro quantitative determina-tion of fibrin degradation products in-cluding D-Dimer and X-oligomers.Aid in detecting the presence and degree of D-Dimer is used as an aid in detectingof intravascular coagulation and fibri-nolysis and in monitoring therapy fordisseminated intra vascular coagulation. use only.In conjunction with a non-high clinical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Diazyme D-Dimer Assay is for thequantitative determination of fibrino-gen/fibrin degradation products (D-Dimer) in human plasma. MeasurementAid in detecting the presence and degree of D-Dimer is used as an aid in detectingthe presence of intravascular coagulationand fibrinolysis. For in vitro diagnostic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>probability assessment, a normal (&lt;0.5 μg FEU/mL) result excludes deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary em- bolism (PE) with high sensitivity.</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Principle

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex particles of uniform size arecoated with monoclonal antibodies(F(ab&#x27;)2 fragments) to the D-Dimer epi-tope. The antigen/antibody complexesproduced by the addition of samplescontaining D-Dimer lead to an increasein the turbidity of the test reactants. Thechange in absorbance with time is de-pendent on the concentration of D-Dimer epitopes in the sample.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay is based on alatex enhanced immunoturbidimetricassay. D-Dimer proteins in the samplebind to the specific anti-D-Dimer anti-body, which is coated on latex particles,and causes agglutination. The degree ofthe turbidity caused by agglutinationcan be measured optically and is pro-portional to the amount of D-Dimer inthe sample. The instrument calculatesthe D-Dimer concentration of a patientspecimen by interpolation of the ob-tained signal of a 6-point calibrationcurve.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Test Objective

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro quantitative determina-.tion of D-Dimer in citrated or li-heparinplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro quantitative determina-tion of D-Dimer in citrated plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Type of Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Type

<table><tr><td>Roche &#x27; k062203</td><td>Diazyme imer Assay</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr></table>

Product Type   

<table><tr><td>Human plasma.</td><td>Human citrated plasma.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay reagent kit, calibrator kit, quality Assay reagent kit, calibrator kit, quality Samecontrol kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay reagent kit, calibrator kit, quality Assay reagent kit, calibrator kit, quality Samecontrol kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Performance

<table><tr><td>Roche Tina-Quant D-Dimer k062203</td><td>Diazyme D-Dimer Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Working Range: 0.15-9 μg/mL FEU D- Dimer</td><td>Linear Range: 0.15-8 μg/mL FEU D-Dimer</td></tr><tr><td>Precision: CV% of 0.8 - 8.3%</td><td>Precision: CV% of 1.4% - 6.2%</td></tr><tr><td>Methods Comparion (vs Asserachrom D-Dimer k862156): Correlation Coefficient: 0.775</td><td>Methods Comparion (vs. Roche Tina-Quant D- Dimer k062203):</td></tr><tr><td>Slope/Intercept: y = 1.03/-0.11</td><td>Correlation Coefficient: 0.939</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Slope/ y Intercept: y = 0.979 /-0.10</td></tr></table>

# Calibrator Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche D-Dimer Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately packaged lot specificcalibrator kit. Lyophilized.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately packaged lot specificcalibrator kit. Lyophilized.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Control Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche D-Dimer Control I/II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme D-Dimer Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately packaged quality control kitdesigned for specific assay.Lyophilized.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separately packaged quality control setdesigned for specific assay.Lyophilized.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Testing Summaries:

The data (precision, method comparison, linearity, LOB/LOD/LOQ and interference) determined using Roche Modular P is given below.

Precision Internal Study

The precision of the Diazyme D-Dimer Assay was evaluated according to Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute EP5-A guideline.

In the study, three levels of pooled citrated plasma specimens containing 0.60 ug/mL, 2.41 $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ and $5 . 8 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ FU, respectively. The low plasma sample was unaltered.The her two plasma samples were spiked with D-Dimer stock solution to targeted concentrations and assayed. Three levels of D-Dimer controls containing 0.97, 2.99 and 7.47 µg/mL FEU, respectively were also tested with 2 runs per day with duplicates over 20 working days with three lots of reagent and three lots of calibrators. The combined results are shown below:

Plasma Samples Within Run Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 0.60 μg/mLFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2: 2.41 μg/mLFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3: 5.88 µg/mLFEU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Points N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (g/mL FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (g/mL FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr></table>

Plasma Samples Total Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 0.60 μg/mLFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2: 2.41 µg/mLFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3: 5.88 pig/mLFEU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Data Points N                    240                          240                           80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (g/mL FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (g/mL FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr></table>

Control Samples Within Run Precision   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Level 1: 0.97 μg/mL FEU</td><td>Level 2: 2.99 µg/mL FEU</td><td>Level 2: 7.47 μg/mL FEU</td></tr><tr><td>Data Points N</td><td>240</td><td>240</td><td>240</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (g/mL FEU)</td><td>0.97</td><td>2.99</td><td>7.47</td></tr><tr><td>SD (g/mL FEU)</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.05</td><td>0.11</td></tr><tr><td>CV%</td><td>2.9%</td><td>1.6%</td><td>1.4%</td></tr></table>

Control Samples Total Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: 0.97 μg/mLFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2: 2.99 μg/mLFEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2: 7.47 μg/mLFEU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Points N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (g/mL FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (g/mL FEU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr></table>

External Study

The precision of the Diazyme D-Dimer Assay was also evaluated at three external sites by intended users. In the study, four different patient samples of citrated plasma containing 0.36 $\mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ $1 . 0 6 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ $3 . 5 3 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ and $7 . 2 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ FEU respectively, were tested in duplicates with 2 runs per day over 5 nonconsecutive working days using three lots of reagent, three lots of calibrators, three different clinical testing sites, three different operators and three different instruments. The results are shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>withinrun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Meanμg/mLFEU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.20</td></tr></table>

# LOB, LOD, and LOQ

The LOB, LOD, LOQ of the Diazyme D-Dimer Assay was determined according to CLSI EP17- A. LOB was determined to be 0.06 µg/mL FEU; LOD was determined to be 0.09 µg/mL FEU. To determine L0Q, specimens with mean measured concentrations ranging from 0.02 to 0.93 were assayed. Based on the EP evaluator-8 fitted model, the LOQ (lowest concentration for which CV is less than a target of $20 \%$ is $0 . 1 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ FEU.

# Linearity

Eleven levels of the D-Dimer linearity set were prepared by diluting a specimen containing 8.0 $\mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L }$ FEU with saline according to Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP6-A and tested on Modular P. Diazyme D-Dimer assay is linear from 0.15 to 8.0 μg/mL FEU.

# Method Comparison

To demonstrate accuracy, the Diazyme D-Dimer Assay was evaluated by testing individual citrated plasma from the intended target population (Intensive Care Unit, Obstetrics, Trauma, PostOperative and Operating Room) with comparison to a legally marketed D-Dimer device at the manufacturer site and two external clinical laboratories. A total of 128 citrated plasma samples (88 unique samples) with D-Dimer ranging from 0.17 to 7.95 μg/mL FEU were compared. Repeat testing was addressed by bootstrapped regression analysis with stratification is shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total of 3 sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.909 to 1.060</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.260 to 0.026</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.939</td></tr></table>

The bias around the medical decision point is -0.12 µg/ml FEU

# Interference

The followig ubstance o not interfere with this assay at the level tested (less than $1 0 \%$ bias):

Hemoglobin:   
Bilirubin:   
Bilirubin Conjugated:   
Triglycerides:   
Ascorbic acid:   
Rheumatoid Factor   
Heparin   
HAMA

up to ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { m g / d L }$ EY up to $4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ EPY up to $4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ EY up to $\scriptstyle 1 0 0 0 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ up to $1 7 6 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ EMPY up to $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ EP up to 1.5 IU/mL up to $\mathbf { 4 9 0 \ n g / m L }$ EY

Diazyme Laboratories c/o Dr. Abhijit Datta 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064

Jan 24, 2013

Re: k112120 Trade/Device Name: Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Kit, Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Control Set and Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Calibrator Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 7 3 2 0$ EY Regulation Name: Fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GHH, DAP, JIT Dated: January 17, 2013 Received: January 18, 2013

Dear Dr. Datta:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and ifapplicable, the electonic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (If Known): K112120

Device Name: Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Kit, Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Calibrator Set, Diazyme DDimer Assay Control Set.

Indications for Use:

The D-Dimer Assay is for the quantitative determination of fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products (D-Dimer) in human plasma. Measurement of D-Dimer is used as an aid in detecting the presence of intravascular coagulation and fibrinolysis. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diayzme D-Dimer Assay Calibrator Set is intended for use in the calibration of the D-Dimer assay only. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme D-Dimer Assay Control Set is intended for use as quality controls for the Diazyme DDimer assay only. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Concurence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Sinkf.X   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K112120