# K113211

# 510K SUMMARY

# ASSAY ONLY TEMPLATE

1. Regulation section: 21CFR §864.5425, Multipurpose system for in vitro   
coagulation studies.   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product code: GGN (Plasma Coagulation Control)   
4. Panel: 81 Hematology

1 Intended use(s):

# HemosIL LA Negative Control

For use as an LA Negative Quality Control of Lupus Anticoagulant assays (HemosIL dRVT Screen/dRVVT Confirm, LAC Screen/LAC Confirm; HemosIL Silica Clotting Time) on IL Coagulation systems [ACL TOP" Family; ACL ELITE'/ELITE PRO/8/9/10000; ACL Futura/ACL Advance; ACL Classic (100-7000)].

HemosIL LA Positive Control

For use as an LA Positive Quality Control of Lupus Anticoagulant assays (HemosIL dRVT Screen/dRVVT Confirm, LAC Screen/LAC Confirm; HemosIL Silica Clotting Time) on IL Coagulation systems [ACL TOP Family; ACL ELITE/ELITE PRO/8/9/10000; ACL Futura/ACL Advance; ACL Classic (100-7000)].

Indication(s) for use: Same as above

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): For in-vitro diagnostic use only. For prescription use.

4. Special instrument requirements: IL Coagulation systems [ACL TOP\* Family; ACL ELITE/ELITE PRO/8/9/10000; ACL Futura/ACL Advance; ACL Classic (100-7000)].

1.

# Device Description

Hemosll LA_Negative_ Control is a lyophilized preparation using human citrated platelet-poor plasma to make a pooled normal plasma with added buffer. The device consists of ten 1-ml vials of lyophilized controls per package.

Hemosil LA Positive Control is a lyophilized preparation from human donors exhibiting the presence of anti-phospholipid antibodies with added buffer. The device consists of ten 1-ml vials of lyophilized controls per package.

J. Substantial Equivalence Information

1. Predicate device name(s): HemosIL LA Negative Control & HemosIL LA Positive Control (self)

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K110033

3.Comparison with predicate:

Hemosil LA Negative Control

The HemosIL LA Negative Control applicant is Substantially Equivalent to its predicate, the HemoslL LA Negative Control that was cleared under K110031, in intended use, fundamental scientific technology, and product composition. The products are identical in performance in all aspects, except for their reconstituted stability claims. The applicant has a reconstituted stability of 3 weeks at $\tt - 2 0 \%$ in its closed original vial.

# HemosIL LA Positive Control

The HemosIL LA Positive Control applicant is Substantially Equivalent to its predicate, the HemosIL LA Positive Control that was cleared under K110031, in intended use, fundamental scientific technology, and product composition. The products are identical in performance in all aspects, except for their reconstituted stability claims. The applicant has a reconstituted stability of 3 weeks at $\yen 20 \text{‰}$ in its closed original vial.

K.

Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable) Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material (UCM79179), June 7, 2007.

# L. Test Principle

LA Positive control is a lyophilized preparation from human donors with antiphospholipid antibodies with added buffer. LA Negative control consists of a pool of normal human citrated platelet-poor plasma.

The controls are used to assess the precision and accuracy of Lupus Anticoagulant (LA) assays performed on IL Coagulation instrument platforms using Hemosil LA Reagents.

M. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical performance a. Precision/Reproducibility: As established in K110031.

b. Linearity/assay reportable range: Not Applicable

C. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): Lyophilized shelf life at $\underline { { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } } } \subseteq$ 2 years

After Reconstitution: 24 hours at $2 - 8 \%$ in its closed original vial.   
Reconstituted Frozen Stability: 3 weeks at $. 2 0 \textdegree C$ in its closed original vial.

On Board Stability: - 24 hours at $1 5 ^ { \circ } C$ on-board the ACL TOP Family in the original vial, - 4 hours on the ACL ELITE/ELITE PRO/8/9/10000, - 4 hours on the ACL Futura/ACL Advance or 4 hours on the ACL Classic (100-7000) Systems.

d. Detection limit: NA e. Analytical specificity: Not Applicable $f .$ Assay cut-off: Not Applicable

Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: Not Applicable b. Matrix Comparison: Not Applicable

Clinical Studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity: Not Applicable   
b. Clinical Specificity: Not Applicable   
C. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): NA

Clinical cut-off: Not Applicable

5. Expected values/Reference range: Established in K110031

# N. Proposed Labeling

The labeling is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# O. Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

P. Administrative Information Applicant Contact Information

Name of applicant:   
Contact:   
Mailing address:   
Phone #:   
Fax #:   
E-mail address:   
Date Prepared Instrumentation Laboratory Co.   
Jacqueline Emery, BSEE, Regulatory Affairs Manager 180 Hartwell Road, Bedford, MA 01730, USA   
781-861-4350   
781-861-4207   
jemery@ilww.com   
October $2 7 ^ { \mathfrak { a } }$ ,2011

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. c/o Jacqueline Emery Regulatory Affairs Manager 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730

Re: k113211 HemosIL LA Positive Control & HemosIL LA Negative Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 4 2 5$ Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGN, GGC, GIZ Dated: October 27, 2011 Received: October 31, 2011

Dear Ms. Emery:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice

requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Reena Philip

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number(i kow K/13a/

Device Name: HemosIL® LA Positive Control & HemosIL® LA Negative Control

# Indications for Use:

Hemosll LA Positive Control is intended for use as an LA Positive Quality Control of Lupus Anticoagulant assays (HemosIL dRVVT Screen/dRVVT Confirm, HemosIL LAC Screen/LAC Confirm and HemosIL Silica Clotting Time Screen and Confirm) on IL Coagulation systems [ACL TOPFamily; ACL ELITE /ELITE PRO/8/9/10000; ACL Futura/ACL Advance; ACL Classic (100-7000)].

HemoslL LA Negative Control is intended for use as an LA Negative Quality Control of Lupus Anticoagulant assays (HemosIL dRVVT Screen/dRVVT Confirm, HemosIL LAC Screen/LAC Confirm and HemosIL Silica Clotting Time Screen and Confirm) on IL Coagulation systems [ACL TOP Family; ACL ELITE /ELITE PRO/8/9/10000; ACL Futura/ACL Advance; ACL Classic (100-7000)].

AND/OR