# KIZ0014

# 510(k) Summary

# Submitter's Information

Diagnostica Stago, Inc. Five Century Drive Parsippany, New Jersey 07054

Phone Number: 973 631-1200   
Fax Number: 973 867-6859

Date Prepared: March 1, 2013

# Contact Person:

Delphine Ysvelain Regulatory Affairs Manager

Device Name: $\ S \mathrm { T A } ^ { \mathfrak { D } }$ - Coag Control $+ \boxed { \mathbf { A B N } }$ PLUS

Device Classification: Class II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Panel: Hematology (81) Product Code: GGN

Predicate Device: $\mathbf { S } \mathbf { T } \mathbf { A } ^ { \otimes }$ - System Control +- K943518 Manufacturer: Diagnostica Stago (Formerly known as American Bioproducts)

Device Intended Use:

The STA® -Coag Control  +ABN) PLUS is a kit containing asayed normal and abnormal plasmas intended for the quality control of the following quantitative tests on STA-R and STA Compact analyzers: prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), fibrinogen, thrombin time (TT), and antithrombin (AT).

# Device description:

The STA® - Coag Control $+ [ \overrightarrow { \mathbf { A B N } } ]$ PLUS kit is a set of two control levels.

Each kit provides:

$\circ$ $1 2 \times 2 \cdot \mathrm { m l }$ vials of Reagent 1 (STA® - Coag ControlPLUS), citrated normal human plasma, lyophilized.

$\circ$ $1 2 \times 2 \mathbf { - m } 1$ vials of Reagent 2 (STA® - Coag Control ABN PLUS), citrated abnormal human plasma, lyophilized.

$\ S \mathrm { T A } ^ { \mathfrak { D } }$ - Coag Control $\textcircled { N } + \textcircled { A B N }$ PLUS Reagents aeused s controls r clotting assays (PT, APTT, fibrinogen, and TT) and chromogenic assays (AT) performed on analyzers of the $S T A ^ { \mathfrak { G } }$ line.

Analyzers of the $S T A ^ { \mathfrak { D } }$ line utilize the chronometric principle (viscosity based detection system) for clotting tests while the chromogenic assays are based on the photometric method (measurement of absorbance of monochromatic light).

# Statement of technological characteristics of the device compared to predicate device:

SCCono + B is sly euialent  pr device, STA® - System Control  +  (K943518), based on similar intended use, technology and principles of operation, thus yielding no new questions in safety, effectiveness or technology.

# Summary Performance Characteristics

# Precision

per day, in duplicate on STA-R" and STA Compact . ®

The following results have been obtained

Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table:   

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatanlity CV(%}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WmmHEbcalonyprecson c(</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABNPLUSS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A:NPLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (786C.]withSTANeoplostine* Ci</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PST PT() SOCNeoplastne* c) PlUs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT{n e6c.}with STA* - Cephescrear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT (n .ISA-PTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fbrinogen (in g) STA Fbnogn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TT (nsC)STA-Tromtin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMSTA • . Stachrom® aT IH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hapealablity Cv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithnHabcraborypredahn Cv ()</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PUs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABNPLIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPLUS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AENPLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (n 660.)iMSTANeoplastra*Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pu (n sec.]wthSA Neoptastne* cI Plus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTF$6C STA.C.K. PreG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APT{in sec.}ih sta -Caphesaeor  .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT (h S6C.)h STAPTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinagen (In g)ith STAAbnogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(in Sθc.)STAThromtin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AT (n%)S T-Stachor AT </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr></table>

Page 3 of 4   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceSTA - Coag ControlN+ABN) PLUS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceSTA® - System Control N +EK943518</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the quality control of thefollowing coagulation assays:prothrombin    time    (PT),activated partial thromboplastintime   (APTT),    fibrinogen,thrombin time(TT)  andantithrombin (AT) in the normaland abnormal ranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, except:- additional analytes claimedfor the intended use in thenormal and abnormal rangesthe thrombin time isdetermined in the normal rangeonly.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of levelsper set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 (one  normal  and  oneabnormal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated Human plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentpreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitution with distilledwater</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceSTA® - Coag Control(N+ ABN) PLUS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">. Predicate DeviceSTA® - System Control+EK943518</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofoperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Used as controls for clottingassays (PT, APTT, fibrinogen,and TT and chromogenicassays (AT)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STA-RSTA Compact</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as well as STA Satellite®</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months at 2-8 °C in intactvials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceSTA® - Coag Control(N+ABN) PLUS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceSTA® - System Control+PK943518</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReconstitutedReagent stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 hours on-board analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 hours on-board analyzers</td></tr></table>

Diagnostica Stago, Inc. c/o Ms. Delphine Ysvelain Regulatory Affairs Associate 5 Century Drive Parsippany, New Jersey 07054

Re: k120014 Trade/Device Name: STA $\mathfrak { P }$ - Coag Control $\mathbf { ( N + A B N ) }$ PLUS Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 4 2 5$ Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGN Dated: March 6, 2013 Received: March 7, 2013

Dear Ms. Ysvelain:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either classII (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), t may be subject to additonal controls.Existing major regulations affectng your devic can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

Page 2 - Ms. Delphine Ysvelain

comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# 10.0 INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

510(k) Number (if known): K120014

Device Name: STA Coag Control $+ [ \vec { \bf A B N } \rangle ]$ PLUS

Indications for Use:

The STA - Coag Control $\mathbb { J } + \mathbb { E B N }$ PLUS is a kit containing a normal plasma and an abnormal plasma intended for the quality control of the following tests on STA- $\mathbb { R } ^ { \mathcal { \hat { \mathbf { \alpha } } } }$ and STA Compact® analyzers: prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), fibrinogen, thrombin time (TT), and antithrombin (AT).

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)