# SECTION 5: 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

[A] 807.92 (a)(1): Submitter

Name: International Technidyne Corporation Address: 23 Nevsky Street Edison, NJ 08820 Phone: (732) 548-5700, FAX: (732) 635-0144 Contact: Larry Picciano, Director of Regulatory Affairs [B] 807.92 (a)(2): Device name - Trade Name and Common Name, and Classification

Trade name: directCHECK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Whole Blood Control for HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ACT+ assay   
Trade name: directCHECK $\mathfrak { B }$ Whole Blood Control for HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ACT-LR assay   
Common Name: Whole blood controls for in vitro diagnostic coagulation systems   
Classification: Class II, 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 4 2 5$ -   
Product Code: GGN, Plasma, Coagulation Control

[C] 807.92 (a) (3): Identification of the Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

Trade name: HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Jr. Microcoagulation Low Range ACT including whole blood controls Normal / Abnormal   
510(k) number: K960749   
Manufacturer: International Technidyne Corporation (ITC), Edison, NJ   
Trade name: HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Jr. Microcoagulation ACT+ test cuvette including whole blood controls Normal / Abnormal   
510(k) number: K941007   
Manufacturer: International Technidyne Corporation (ITC), Edison, NJ

[D] 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The directCHECK® Whole Blood Controls are assayed lyophilized whole blood preparations intended for the quality control of quantitative coagulation tests. The directCHECK® whole blood control material is prepared from animal plasmas to which fixed animal red blood cells have been added. No human-based materials are contained in direciCHECK® Whole Blood Controls. The whole blood control material is lyophilized in glass ampoules, and placed into an individual assembly with liquid diluent. When the glass ampoule is broken (activation of the assembly), the diluent rehydrates the lyophilized material, forming a liquid whole blood control.

# [E] 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The direciCHECK® Whole Blood ACT-LR Level 1 (normal) and ACT-LR Level 2 (abnormal) Controls are assayed lyophilized whole blood preparations intended for the quality control of quantitative coagulation test: HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ ACT-LR assay on the HEMOCHRON $\mathfrak { Q }$ Jr. Signature+ and HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Signature Elite instruments.

The directCHECK® Whole Blood $\mathbf { A C T } +$ Level 1 (normal) and $\mathsf { A C T } +$ Level 2 (abnormal) Controls are assayed lyophilized whole blood preparations intended for the quality control of quantitative coagulation test: HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ACT+ assay on the HEMOCHRON® Jr. Signature+ and HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Signature Elite instruments.

# [G] 807.92 (a) (6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

Each of the controls included in this submission has a unique predicate device as described in the tables below. For the direciCHECK® Whole Blood Controls for HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ ACT-LR assay, the predicate device is HEMOCHRON $\lvert \mathfrak { W }$ Jr. Microcoagulation Low Range ACT including whole blood controls cleared under $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } ) \# \mathrm { K } 9 6 0 7 4 9$ . Both products are two-level assayed whole blood controls used tomoitor henteriy  poinocaeactivate clotingtie tg

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODIFIED DEVICE:directCHECK® Whole BloodControls for HEMOCHRON® ACT-LR AssayK120977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE DEVICE:HEMOCHRON® Jr.Microcoagulation Low Range ACT,JQC-ACT-LRK960749</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The directCHECK® Whole Blood ACT-LR Level 1 (normal) and ACT-LR Level2 (abnormal) Controls are assayedlyophilized whole blood preparationsintended for the quality control ofquantitative coagulation test:HEMOCHRON® ACT-LR assay on theHEMOCHRON® Jr. Signature+ andHEMOCHRON® Signature Eliteinstruments.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The HEMOCHRON® Jr.Microcoagulation Whole BloodControls are lyophilized whole bloodpreparations which have been assayedand are intended to be used to performquality control assays using theHEMOCHRON Jr. MicrocoagulationACT-LR test cuvettes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-human plasma, non-human red bloodcells and diluent (containing calciumchloride).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-human plasma, non-human redblood cells, diluent and calciumchloride.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use squeezable droppercontaining liquid diluent and glassampoule which contains lyophilizedpellet.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three vials: lyophilized control, diluent,and calcium chloride.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° C non-punctured vials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A, single-use, disposable, useimmediately.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May be kept at room temperature for amaximum of one hour.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedural Steps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1) Squeeze dropper to break glassampoule inside2) Mix thoroughly by repeated inversionDispense first drop into cap4) Dispense second drop onto the sampleport of the cuvette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1) Dispense diluent into control vial viasyringe and swirl to rehydrate2) Stabilize at room temperature for 15minutes then swirl to dissolve3) Add calcium chloride via syringe andagitate end to end Draw sample into syringe anddispense onto the sample port of thecuvette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT-LR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT-LR</td></tr></table>

The predicate device for the directCHECK® Whole Blood Controls for HEMOCHRON® $\mathbf { A C T } +$ assay, is the HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Jr. Microcoagulation $\mathbf { A C T } +$ test cuvette including whole blood controls cleared in 510(k) # K941007. Both products are two-level assayed Whole Blood Controls used to monitor the integrity of point-of-care activated clotting time testing.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MODIFIED DEVICE:directCHECK® Whole BloodControls for HEMOCHRON ACT+AssayK1210977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PREDICATE DEVICE:HEMOCHRON®Microcoagulation Activated ClottingTime PLUS (ACT+) test, QC-ACT+K941007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The directCHECK® Whole Blood ACT+Level 1 (normal) and ACT+ Level 2(abnormal) Controls are assayedlyophilized whole blood preparationsintended for the quality control of.quantitative coagulation test:HEMOCHRON® ACT+ assay on theHEMOCHRON® Jr. Signature+ andHEMOCHRON® Signature Eliteinstruments.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ACT+ Quality Control Product is alyophilized whole blood preparationthat is used to perform a quality controlassay using the HEMOCHRON® Jr.Microcoagulation&#x27;ACT+ test cuvette.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-human plasma, non-human red bloodcells and diluent (containing calciumchloride).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-human plasma, non-human redblood cells, diluent and calciumchloride.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use squeezable droppercontaining liquid diluent and glassampoule which contains lyophilizedpellet.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three vials: lyophilized control, diluent,and calcium chloride.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 8°C non-punctured vials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A, single-use, disposable, useimmediately</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May be kept at room temperature for amaximum of one hour.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedural Steps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1) Squeeze dropper to break glassampoule inside2) Mix thoroughly by repeated inversion)Dispense first drop into cap4) Dispense second drop onto the sampleport of the cuvette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1) Dispense diluent into control vial viasyringe and swirl to rehydrate2) Stabilize at room temperature for 15minutes then swirl to dissolve3) Add calcium chloride via syringe andagitate end to end4) Draw sample into syringe anddispense onto the sample port of thecuvette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT+</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

Based on the product comparisons and the data provided in this submission, both the directCHECK" Whole Blood Quality Controls for the HEMOCHRON $\mathfrak { P }$ ACT-LR assay and the directCHECK® Whole Blood Quality Controls for the HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ ACT $^ +$ assay are substantially equivalent to K960749 and K941007 respectively.

# [H] 807.92 (b)(1): Brief Description of Nonclinical Data

Precision testing was performed according to CLSI Guideline EP5-A2. The directCHECK® Whole Blood Controls for HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ ACT-LR assay overall CV for Level 1 is $1 4 \%$ ; this satisfies the Level 1 criteria of $\leq 1 4 \%$ The overall CV for Level 2 is $1 0 \%$ ; this satisfies the Level 2 acceptance criteria of $C V \leq 1 2 \%$ The direcICHECK® Whole Blood Controls for HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ EPY $\mathbf { A C T } +$ assay overall CV for Level I is $1 0 \%$ ,the overall CV for Level 2 is $5 \%$ . This performance satisfies the acceptance criteria for each level at $C V \leq 1 2 \%$ .

Stability was evaluated following principles in CLSI Guideline EP25-A. Real time stability test results for the direciCHECK® for the HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ ACT-LR assay demonstrates 5 months of shelf-life for Level 1 and for Level 2. Real time stability test results for directCHECK® for the HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ $\mathsf { A C T + }$ assay demonstrates 5 months shelf-life for Level 1 and Level 2.

Room temperature stability was evaluated following principles in CLSl Guideline EP25-A. Room temperature test results for Level 1 and for Level 2 directCHECK® for the HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ ACT-LR assay and for the HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ $\mathbf { A C T + }$ assay each demonstrate 4 weeks. These results support the labeled room temperature claim.

# [I] 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Clinical Data

This section is not applicable as clinical studies were not performed and there are no clinical data in this 510(k).

# [J] 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical and Clinical Testing

Nonclinical test results including precision, shelf-life (stability) study, and room temperature (storage) test results for the directCHECK $\mathfrak { B }$ Whole Blood Controls for HEMOCHRON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ACT-LR assay and for the directCHECK $\mathfrak { P }$ Whole Blood Controls for HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ $\mathbf { A C T } +$ assay are acceptable indicating the modified product is substantially equivalent to the predicate, as well as being safe and effective for its intended use.

Re: k120977 Trade/Device Name: direciCHECK® for Hemochron Jr. Microcoagulation Systems ACT+ test cuvette direcICHECK $\mathfrak { P }$ for Hemochron Jr. Microcoagulation Systems ACTLR test cuvette Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation Regulatory Class: Class I1 Product Code: GGN Dated: Junc 26, 2013. Received: June 27, 2013

Dear Mr. Picciano:

We havc reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate deviccs marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the cnactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmctic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labcling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that devicc labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If yur evice s classd ee above)into eitherclass II (Special Conros) or class.I (M), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA hias made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 - Mr. Larry Picciano

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set f i e qualy s )latin   art 20);  pie, te product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of thc Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.Also, please notc the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safctv/ReportaProblemn/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frec number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K120977

# Device Name: directCHECK $\otimes$ Whole Blood ACT+ directCHECK $\otimes$ Whole Blood ACT-LR

Indications for Use:

The directCHECK $\otimes$ Whole Blood ACT $^ +$ Level 1 (normal) and ACT+ Level 2 (abnormal) Controls are assayed lyophilized whole blood preparations intended for the quality control of quantitative coagulation test: HEMOCHRON® ACT+ assay on the HEMOCHRON® Jr. Signature+ and HEMOCHRON® Signature Elite instruments.

The directCHECK $\otimes$ Whole Blood ACT-LR Level 1 (normal) and ACT-LR Level 2 (abnormal) Controls are assayed lyophilized whole blood preparations intended for the quality control of quantitative coagulation test: HEMOCHRON® ACT-LR assay on the HEMOCHRON $\otimes$ Jr. Signature+ and HEMOCHRON® Signature Elite instruments

Maria M. Chan.-S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

510(k): k120977