# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

KI20742

510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ Street Omaha, NE 68128

# Official Correspondent:

Deborah Kipp, Quality Assurance Coordinator (402)537- 5215

OCT 1 9 2012

# Date Prepared:

Revised-September 21, 2012

Name of Device: Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name:

XN CHECKTM   
Assayed Hematology Control   
Hematology quality control mixture (JPK-864.8625)

Predicate Device:

e-CHECK (XE)TM-K063218

# Description:

XN CHECK™ is an in-vitro diagnostic product that contains the following: stabilized red blood cell component(s), stabilized white blood cell component(s), stabilized platelet component(s), and stabilized nucleated red blood cell component(s) in a preservative medium. The product is packaged in polypropylene plastic vials with screw caps containing $3 m |$ . The vials will be packaged in (4) welled vacuum formed clamshell container with the Instructions for Use / assay sheet. The product must be stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ .

# Intended Use:

XN CHECK is used for control and calibration verification of Sysmex XN series (XN-10, XN-20) analyzers. It is not, however, intended for actual calibration of these analyzers.Assayed parameters include:

RBC( $1 0 ^ { 6 } / \mu L )$ , HGB(g/dL), HCT(%), MCV(fL), MCH(pg), MCHC(g/dL), PLT( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota )$ PPLT-FC $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ RDW-SD(fL), RDW-CV $\%$ ), MPV(L), WBC(103/μL), NEUT $( \%$ LYMPH $( \% )$ , MONO(%). $E O ( \% )$ , $3 A S O ( \% )$ $1 G ( \% )$ , NeuT# $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota$ , LYMPH# $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ MONO# $( 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \ L )$ $E O \# ( 1 0 ^ { 3 } / | \mu L )$ . $1 3 \mathsf { A } \bar { \mathsf { S } } \mathsf { O } \# ( 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathsf { L } )$ , IG# $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota )$ b $1 P F ( \% )$ RET#(10%/μL), RET%, $1 R F \%$ , RET-HE(pg). NRBC#( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota )$ . NRBC% (/100 WBC)

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e-CHECK (XE)® -K063218(Predicate Product)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CHECK TM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUseStatement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e-CHECK (XE) ® is intended to be usedas a control for complete blood cell count(CBC), white blood cell differential,reticulocyte, and nucleated red blood cell(NRBC) parameters on Sysmex XE-Series instruments.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CHECK is used for control and calibrationverification of Sysmex XN series (XN-10,XN-20) analyzers. It is not, however, intendedfor actual calibration -of these analyzers.Assayed parameters include:RBC(10%/μL), HGB(g/dL), HCT(%), MCV(fL),MCH(pg), MCHC(g/dL), PLT(103/μL),PLT-F(103/μL), RDW-SD(fL), RDW-CV(%),MPV(fL), WBC(10³/μL), NEUT(%), LYMPH(%), MONO(%). EO(%), BASO(%), IG(%),NEUT#(103/μL),LYMPH#(103/μL). &quot;MONO#(103/μL),    EEO#(103/μL),    BASO#(103/μL),iG#(10³/μL), IPF(%), RET#(10%/μL), RET%,IRF%, RET-HE(pg), NRBC#(103/μL), NRBC%(/100 WBC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClosedVialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The e-CHECK(XE) control consists ofstabilized human and animal blood. Thisproduct is provided in three levels thatvary in concentration by parameters.Vials are labeled L1, L2, and L3.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CHECK contains the following: stabilizedred blood cell component(s), stabilized whiteblood cell component(s), stabilized plateletcomponent(s), and stabilized nucleated redblood cell component(s) in a preservativemedium.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results:

The following studies were conducted to establish performance of XN CHECK™. The tests conducted were Open-Vial Stability, Closed-Vial Stability, and Precision Performance.Alltesting showed that XN CHECK™ is consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the predicate product and stable for the shelf life claimed.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests:

Study results show XN CHECK™m to be consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to tne predicate products, and stable for the entire product dating. XN CHECK™ is a safe and effective broduct. which fulfills its intended use when used as instructed in the Instructions for Use.

Streck   
c/o Ms. Deborah S. Kipp   
Quality Assurance Coordinator   
7002 South 109th Street   
Omaha, NE 68128

Re: k120742 Trade/Device Name: XN-CHECKTM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPK Dated: September 28, 2012 Received: October 01, 2012

Dear Ms. Kipp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food; Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillanice and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Conisumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

mana I chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K/20742

Device Name: XN CHECKT

Indications For Use:

XN CHECK is used for control and calibration verification of Sysmex XN series (XN-10, XN-20) analyzers. It is not, however, intended for actual calibration of these analyzers. Assayed parameters include:

RBC( $1 0 ^ { 6 } / \mu \iota )$ , HGB(g/dL), HCT(%), MCV(fL), MCH(pg), MCHC(g/dL), PLT( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota \backslash$ PLT-F $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota )$ , RDW-SD(fL), RDW-CV(%), MPV(fL), WBC( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ ,NEUT $( \% )$ LYMPH $( \% )$ $M O N O ( \% )$ $E O ( \% )$ $B A S O ( \% )$ $1 G ( \% )$ , neut#( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ , LYMPH#( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ ,MONO# $( 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ EO#( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ , BASO#( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L$ ), IG#( $1 0 ^ { 3 }$ /μL), $1 P F ( \% )$ , RET#( $1 0 ^ { 6 } / \mu \iota )$ , Ret $\%$ . $1 R F \%$ , RET-HE(pg), NRBC#( $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu L )$ , NRBC% (/100 WBC)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Linkf.4 Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostie Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K/20742

Page 1 of 1