# SECTION 8 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is K121752.

807.92 (a)(1): Name: MEC Dynamics Corporation Address: 90 Rose Orchard Way San Jose, CA 95134

Phone: (408) 428-9427 FAX: (408) 456-0279 Contact: Mr. Emmanuel Mpock

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade name: AvieTM Total Hb Test System

Common Name: Total Hemoglobin Analyzing System

Classification: Total hemoglobin assay, $\ S 2 1$ CFR 864.5620

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate devices

HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $^ { 2 0 1 + }$ (HemoCue AB, Sweden)

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The Avie™M Total Hb Test System is a point of care (POC) IVD system that utilizes general chemistry reactions to quantify total hemoglobin in fresh capillary blood and venous blood. The test system includes a small instrument (Reader) and disposable reagent strips- the strips are packaged in a reusable canister with desiccant, similar to the packaging of routine urine test strips. The concentration of total hemoglobin is calculated photometrically and is based on the optical intensity of the reaction within the quantitative area of the test strip. The calibration of the Avie™M Total Hb Test is traceable to the same high-order reference method as the HemoCue (hemiglobincyanide [HiCN].

MEC DYNAMICS

807.92 (a)(5): Indications Use The Avie TM Total Hb Test System is for the quantitative measurement of total hemoglobin in whole blood (capillary or venous EDTA, K2). The test system is designed for point-of-care use in primary care settings. The test system is for professional in vitro diagnostic use only.

807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate The following chart describes similarities and differences between the two test systems.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoCue® 201+ SystemK041234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvieTM Total HbK121752</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capilary and venous whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary and venous EDTA, K2 wholeblood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual Display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD readout</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD readout</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General chemistry using a modifiedazidemethohemoglobin reaction.Reaction takes 60 sec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photometric measurement of totalHemoglobin concentration in sample.Final results in 15 sec</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factory calibrated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factory calibrated reader against HiCNmethod (CLSI reference method, CLSIDoc H15-A3).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RecommendedTestingEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doctors&#x27; offices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doctors&#x27; offices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-90 ° F (18-32°C), less than 85%relative humidity (withoutcondensation).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-113 ° F (15-45°C), less than 85%relative humidity (without condensation).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0- 25.6 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5- 24.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality ControlRequirements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Users are directed to perform dailyelectronic quality control testing andliquid control testing: with each newshipment and/or lot of test strips, orwhen test results are suspect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Users are directed to perform daily liquidcontrol testing, testing of each newshipment and/or lot of test strips, or whentest results are suspect</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1): Brief Description of Nonclinical Data

Ass o studs wee perormed that evaluated thefollowing noncinical perforance characteristics: inearity, 20-day in-house precision, and interference testing,

MEC DYNAMICS

Linearity

Eleven samples that spanned a wide range of Hb concentrations were prepared by mixing various proportions of low and high concentration samples. The samples were assayed by AvieTM, and observed results were compared to expected results, based on the mathematical calculations of the proportions. The linear range of the AvieTM test system is 5 to $2 4 ~ \mathrm { g / d L }$ .

# 20-day In-house Precision

The studies followed CLSI EP5-A2, where three levels of samples were each tested fourtimes a day for 20 days. The results were as follows:

Precision Summary:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Day %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n= 80 per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr></table>

Interference Testing The studies followed CLSI EP7-A2. The data demonstrated that the AvieTM Total Hb Test System was not affected by high levels of the following substances at the levels noted:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent Concentration (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetracycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5</td></tr></table>

MEC DYNAMICS

807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Clinical Data   
Studies for precision and method comparison (accuracy) were performed at three external POL-type sites to evaluate the Avie™M Total Hb Test System in one of its targeted intended use environments, the physician's office laboratory.

# Precision:

Three controls (low, mid and high Total Hb) were tested over multiple days, by multiple operators at multiple sites. .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

Accuracy:

Accuracy studies were conducted at three US clinical sites. A total of nine (9) AvieTM Total HbReaders and four )Avie™ Total Hb Test strip lots were used for this study.Capillary and venous sampling was performed on each patient for testing on the AvieTM Total Hb System. A portion of the sampled capillary and venous blood was tested for total hemoglobin using the HiCN method for comparison. The results ranged from 5.1 to $2 3 . 5 { \mathrm { g / d L } }$ total hemoglobin. Comparative results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;1&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvieTM Professional Capillary vs. HiCN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AvieTM Venous vs. HiCN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical and Clinical Testing

Nonclinical and clinical testing was performed for the Avie Total Hb Test System. The tes system was shown to be safe and effective for its intended use.

MEC Dynamics Corporation (MEC)   
c/o Mr. Emmanuel Mpock   
President and CEO   
90 Rose Orchard Way   
San Jose, California 95134

Re: k121752

Trade/Device Name: Avie™M Total Hb Test System   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 6 2 0 $   
Regulation Name: Automated hemoglobin system   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: GKR   
Dated: December 26, 2012   
Received: December 28, 2012

Dear Mr. Mpock:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.You must coply with allhe Act's requirements, including, but ot limited to: registration and listig (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

Page 2 - Mr. Emmanuel Mpock

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(K) Number (if known): K121752

# Device Name: AvieTM Total Hb Test System

# Indications for Use:

The AvieTM Total Hb Test System is for the quantitative measurement of total hemoglobin in whole blood (capillary or venous EDTA,K2). The test system is designed for point-of-care use in primary care settings. The test system is for professional in vitro diagnostic use only.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety