# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submission correspondent:

Claire Dora   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Axis-Shield Diagnostics Ltd. The Technology Park.   
Dundee   
DD2 1XA,   
Scotland, UK

Device Name: ARCHITECT HbA1c Reagents and ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators (AF).

# Reagents:

Regulatory Description: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay

Trade Name: ARCHITECT HbA1c

Common Name: HbA1c test

Governing Regulation: 864.7470

Device Classification: Class II

Classification Panel: Hematology

Product Code: LCP

# Calibrators:

Regulation Description: Calibrator   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators (A-F)   
Common Name: Calibrator   
Governing Regulation: 862.1150   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JIT

# Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

AxSYM HbA1c Reagent and AxSYM HbA1c Standard Calibrators (A-F) (k072686)

Architect HbA1c   
510(k) Premarket notification submission   
ADMIN 3.0 510(k) Summary   
Final v3.0   
2012-12-08

Intended Use of Device:

# Reagents:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in human whole blood on the ARCHITECT i System.

Percent HbA1c measurements are used for monitoring long term glycemic control in diabetic patients.

# Calibrators:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of percent haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in human whole blood.

# Description of Device:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c assay is a two-step pre-treatment immunoassay for the quantitative determination of percent haemoglobin A1c $\%$ HbA1c) in human whole blood using CMIA technology, with flexible assay protocols, referred to as Chemiflex.

Sample is incubated with pre-treatment reagent to lyse the red blood cells. Pre-treated sample is the incubated with magnetic microparticles with a silica surface. Hemaglobin and HbA1c in the sample bind to the silica surface of the microparticles. Following a wash cycle, anti-HbA1c acridinium-labeled conjugate is added to create a reaction mixture. Following another wash cycle, pre-trigger and trigger solutions are added to the reaction mixture. The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as relative light units (RLUs).

The haemoglobin and HbA1c that are bound to the surface of the microparticles represents the total percentage present in the sample however, only the HbA1c result is required to determine the $\%$ HbA1c in the sample. A direct relationship exists between the amount of HbA1c in the sample and the RLUs detected by the ARCHITECT i System optics.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

ARCHITECT HbA1c and AxSYM HbA1c are both automated immunoassays for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c).

The ARCHITECT and AxSYM systems differ in their detection methods; the ARCHITECT is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) whereas the AxSYM is a microparticle enzyme immunoassay (MEIA).

# Summary of Non-Clinical Performance:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c assay is substantially equivalent to the AxSYM HbA1c assay in terms of precision, sensitivity and measurement range (linearity) as demonstrated in the non-clinical performance data in this 510(k) submission.

The ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators are substantially equivalent to the AxSYM HbA1c Standard Calibrators in terms of intended use, format and $\%$ HbA1c levels.

# Summary of Clinical Performance:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the AxSYM HbA1c assay as indicated by a method comparison study, in which a Passing & Bablock method comparison and a Pearson correlation analysis was conducted using 127 samples covering the full measuring range of the assay.

The ARCHITECT HbA1c assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the AxSYM HbA1c as indicated in the method comparison study by a slope of 1.04 $( 9 5 \%$ CI: 0.97 to 1.12), an intercept of -0.07 ( $9 5 \%$ Cl: -0.67 to 0.37) and a correlation coefficient (r) of 0.95 $9 5 \%$ CI: 0.93, 0.96).

Axis-Shield Diagnostics Limited   
c/o Dr. Claire I. Dora   
Luna Place   
The Technology Park   
Dundee, Scotland, UK DD2 1XA, UK

Re: k121842 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT HbA1c Reagents ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470   
Regulation Name: Glycosylated Hemoglobin Assay   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: LCP, JIT   
Dated: November 6, 2012   
Received: November 8, 2012

Dear Dr. Dora:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class  (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k121842

# Device Name:

ARCHITECT HbA1c Reagents and ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators.

# Indication For Use:

Reagents:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in human whole blood on the ARCHITECT/ System.

Percent HbA1c measurements are used for monitoring long term glycemic control in diabetic patients.

# Calibrators:

The ARCHITECT HbA1c Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of percent haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in human whole blood.