# Section 5.  510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k 2 1397

# 1. Sponsor/Applicant Name and Address

Company Name: Address:

Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC 6659 Top Gun Street . San Diego, CA 92121

Telephone:

858-777-2633

Contact Person:

Mark Stavro Director, Regulatory Affairs

Date Summary Prepared:

05/07/2012

# 2. Device Name and Classification

Trade Name:

OSOM® iFOB Test $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { O S O M } } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ iFOBT Control Kit

Classification of Device:

21 CFR 864.6550; Occult blood test

Product Code:

KHE

Classification:

Class II

# 3. Predicate Device

K021423  Alfa Scientific Designs' Instant-View Fecal Occult Blood Rapid Test (Currently marketed as Quidel QuickVue iFOB Test).

# 4. Device Description

The OSOM iFOB (Immunochemical Fecal Occult Blood) Test is a rapid test which can detect the presence of occult blood in human fecal samples by detecting the presence of human hemoglobin (hHb). The OSOM iFOB Test is a qualitative assay that employs immuochromatographic, lateral flow technology. A test kit contains 25 pouched Test Devices, 25 Extraction Reagent vials, 25 conjugate vial tips, and 25 sample collection packs. Tests and Reagents are also available in a 50-test kit without sample collection packs, and sample collection packs are available separately in a package of 50. Negative and positive external controls are provided separately as the OSOM iFOBT Control Kit.

The fecal sample collected using an OSOM iFOB sample collection card is placed into a prefilled vial containing Extraction Buffer. This test solution is then dispensed, through a dropper tip containing human hemoglobin antibody conjugated to latex, into the sample well of the Test Device. The sample migrates across the membrane containing a Test line coated with anti-human hemoglobin antibody and a Control line. If hemoglobin is present at or above the level of detection of the test, an antigen/antibody complex will be formed. The appearance of a visible blue Test line and a red Control line in the result window indicates the presence of human hemoglobin in the sample. A red control line must appear for the results to be valid. If a detectable level of hemoglobin is not present, only the red control line will appear. An invalid test occurs when no control line appears.

The control line serves as an internal procedural control, indicating that the test system is functioning correctly and that the operator added a sufficient volume of sample. In addition to the internal control in each Test Device, external controls are available in a separate OSOM iFOBT Control Kit. The Negative Control (buffer solution) and the Positive Control (hHb in buffer solution) are run in the iFOB Test in the same manner as an extracted fecal sample.

# 5. Intended Use

The OSOM iFOB (Immunochemical Fecal Occult Blood) Test is a rapid immunoassay for the qualitative detection of fecal occult blood by laboratories or physicians' offices. It is useful for the detection of human hemoglobin in human fecal samples and is recommended for use as part of routine physical examinations or when lower gastrointestinal disorders are suspected.

# 6. Comparison to Predicate Device

The Table below provides a summary of the device characteristics for the OSOM iFOB Test and the predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison of Technological Characteristics of Sekisui Diagnostics OSOM iFOB Test with Legally Marketed Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OSOM iFOB Test[New Device]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alfa Instant-View FOB RapidTest[Predicate/K021423]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A rapid immunoassay for thequalitative detection of fecal occultblood by laboratories orphysicians' offices. It is useful forthe detection of humanhemoglobin in human fecalsamples and is recommended foruse as part of routine physicalexaminations or when lowergastrointestinal disorders aresuspected.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An immunochemical deviceintended for the qualitativedetection of Fecal Occult Blood bylaboratories or physicians' offices.It is useful in determininggastrointestinal (Gl) bleedingfound in a number of GI disorders,such as diverticulitis, colitis,polyps, and colorectal cancer.Recommended for use in routinephysical examinations, hospitalmonitoring for bleeding patients,and screening for colorectal canceror Gl bleeding from any source.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificallydetecting:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualitativeHuman hemoglobin (hHb)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualitativeHuman hemoglobin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human fecal specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human fecal specimen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng hHb/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng hHb/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunochromatographicmembrane assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunochromatographicmembrane assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative: Visible red Control line</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative: Single visible burgundyline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive: Visible red Control lineand visible blue Test line</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive: 2 visible burgundy lines</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture: Goat polyclonal anti-hHbDetection: Monoclonal mouse anti-hHb conjugated to blue latex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capture: Anti-hHb antibodiesDetection: Monoclonal mouse anti-hHb conjugated to colloidal gold</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visible red Control line</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visible burgundy line</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative: Buffer solutionPositive: hHb in buffer solutionProvided separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative: Buffer solutionPositive: hHb in buffer solutionProvided separately</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Collectionand Transport</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided applicator stick is used tocollect a small portion of feces andapply to sample collection card.Dry card is transported in mailingenvelope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provided grooved samplecollection probe is used to collectfecal sample, which is inserted inbuffer tube.Buffer tube is transported inmailing envelope</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time to Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-10 minutes</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Data

# Reproducibility and Detection Limit

To demonstrate the reproducibility and limit of detection of the OSOM iFOB Test, an evaluation was conducted at three external physician office (POL) sites and one internal site using three lots of OSOM iFOB Test. Each site tested randomly coded panels of fecal samples spiked with human blood with known concentrations of hemoglobin A at five different concentrations: 0, 37.5, 50, 62.5, and 2000 ng/mL. Each panel consisted of 15 test samples, 3 of each of the 5 hemoglobin concentration levels, dried onto an OSOM iFOB sample collection card.

Testing was performed at the external POL sites by 3 intended users per site, with varying levels of education and work experience. Testing at Sekisui Diagnostics, the reference site, was performed by two experience laboratory professionals. Each POL operator tested, in a random fashion, 1 panel on each of the 3 lots of the OSOM iFOB Test. The Sekisui site tested the same number of samples as the 3 external sites, but the testing was divided between two operators. Testing was performed on three non-consecutive days, and all operators were blinded to the test sample analyte levels.

The detection level of the OSOM iFOB Test is $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , so the 0 and 37.5 ng/mL hemoglobin levels are expected to have negative results and the 50, 62.5, and $2 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ levels are expected to have positive results. Test results are summarized in Table 2.

Table 2: OSOM iFOB Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Expected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OSOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>542</td></tr></table>

The results obtained by the three POL sites and the reference laboratory had an overall agreement of $9 8 . 5 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 7 . 4 \% - 9 9 . 0 \% )$ to the expected results, with positive percent agreement of $9 8 . 5 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 6 . 4 \% - 9 9 . 3 \%$ , and a negative percent agreement of 98.6% (95% CI: 96.0 - 99.5%).

The study confirmed the detection level of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and demonstrated that the OSOM iFOB test produces reproducible results when tested by multiple intended users at multiple sites, on multiple days, over multiple reagent lots.

# Sensitivity to Hemoglobin Variants

Human hemoglobin S (hHBS) samples and human hemoglobin C (hHbC) samples were prepared at 50, 100, and 2,000 ng/mL Hb and tested with three lots of OSOM iFOB Test. Results of the testing were all positive, indicating that OSOM iFOB Test detects the presence of HbS and HbC at concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and higher.

# Hook Effect

Samples with elevated levels of hHbA $( 2 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ , hHbS $( 2 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ , and hHbC (2,000 ng/mL) were prepared and tested with three lots of OSOM iFOB

reagents. Results for all samples were positive, demonstrating that there is no hook (prozone) effect at a hemoglobin level of $2 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# Performance Compared to a Commercially Available Device

A method comparison study was performed to compare the performance of OSOM iFOB Test to a commercially available predicate device, Alfa InstantView FOB Rapid Test (K021423), currently marketed as Quidel's QuickVue iFOB Test. Fecal samples were spiked with human blood with known concentrations of hemoglobin A at five different concentrations: 0, 37.5, 50, 62.5, and 2,000 ng/mL. Samples were applied to OSOM iFOB sample collection cards, dried, and tested with the OSOM iFOB Test. Samples for QuickVue testing were transferred to the provided collection tube according to the QuickVue instructions and tested with the QuickVue iFOB Test. Twenty-five replicates of each hemoglobin concentration were tested with each test.

Overall results of the OSOM iFOB Test were compared directly against the QuickVue Test results. A summary of the comparison is provided in Table 3.

Table 3: Comparison of OSOM to QuickVue   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>QuickVue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OSOM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td></tr></table>

Overall agreement of OSOM iFOB with QuickVue was determined to be 99.2% (95% CI: 96.0 - 99.5%). Positive agreement was 100% (95% CI: 95.1 - 100.0%) and negative agreement was 98.0% (95% CI: 89.5 0 99.6%). The Method Comparison study demonstrated that the analytical performance of OSOM iFOB Test is substantially equivalent to that of QuickVue iFOB Test.

# Cross-Reactivity

Human myoglobin, various nonhuman hemoglobins and myoglobins or meat extracts were added to fecal extract samples at the levels shown in Table 4 and all samples were tested with the OSOM iFOB Test. All test results were negative, indicating no cross-reactivity with any of the substances tested.

Table 4: Potentially Cross-Reacting Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Cross-Reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Mb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horse Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Porcine Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chicken Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fish Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horse Mb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beef meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pig meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chicken meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fish meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat meat extract</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

A study was performed to determine the impact on the OSOM iFOB Test when potentially interfering substances typically found in feces were spiked into fecal extract samples with and without 50 ng/mL hHbA. Each of the potential interferents listed in Table 5 was spiked into a Negative fecal extract sample and a Positive (50 ng/mL Hb) fecal extract sample. All samples were tested with the OSOM iFOB Test. Results are summarized in Table 5. No interference was observed for any of the potentially interfering substances tested.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 5: Potentially Interfering Substances</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeSample Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveSample Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Horseradish Peroxidase,20,000 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Broccoli (aqueous extract)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turnip (aqueous extract)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parsnip (aqueous extract)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cauliflower (aqueous extract)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cantaloupe (aqueous extract)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red radish (aqueous extract)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin C, 0.25 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iron, 0.065 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No interfering substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion

The information presented in this Premarket Notification demonstrates that the performance of the OSOM iFOB Test is substantially equivalent in intended use, technological characteristics, and performance to the predicate device, thereby supporting $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ clearance.

Equivalence was demonstrated using manufactured reagents along with quality control materials and human fecal samples with defined levels of human hemoglobin.

The studies in this submission demonstrate the substantial equivalence of the OSOM iFOB Test to products already marketed for the qualitative detection of occult blood in human fecal samples.

Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC c/o Mr. Mark Stavro Director of Regulatory Affairs 6659 Top Gun Street San Diego, California 92121

Re: k121397

Trade/Device Name: OSOM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ iFOB Test OSOM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ iFOBT Control Kit

Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 6 5 5 0$   
Regulation Name: Occult blood test   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: KHE   
Dated: November 27, 2012   
Received: November 28, 2012

Dear Mr. Stavro:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events)(21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

for Maria M. Chan, Ph.D. Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Statement of Intended Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 12 1397

Device Name: OSOM iFOBT Control Kit

# Indications for Use:

The OSOM iFOBT Control Kit is intended for use in quality control testing with the OSOM iFOB Test.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device

Evaluation and Safety