# 510(k) Summary NaviosT Flow Cytometer System

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Nancy Nadler   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
1 1800 SW 147 Avenue, M/C: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500   
Telephone: (305) 380-4191   
FAX: (305) 380-3618

SEP 1 8 2013

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

February 13, 2013

1

# 3.0 Device Name - Classification

Navios™m Flow Cytometer with Navios tetra software and Navios software (offline software package)  Automated Differential Cell Counter, OYE (21 CFR $\ S$ 864.5220)

Flow-Set™™ Pro Fluorospheres - Automated Differential Cell Counter, PDX (21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 5 2 2 0 \}$

# 4.0 Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Docket Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Navios Flow Cytometer with Navios tetra softwareand Navios software (off-line analysis software)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomics FC 500with tetraCXPsoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeckmanCoulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K030828</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set ProFluorospheres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-SetFluorospheres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeckmanCoulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K944751</td></tr></table>

The Navios Flow Cytometer system is composed of the following components:

• Navios Flow Cytometer   
• Navios tetra Software   
• Navios Software (off-line analysis tool)   
• Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres   
• CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME reagents   
• COULTER IMMUNOPREP Reagent System   
• TQ-Prep Workstation (Accessory for Sample Preparation)   
o PrepPlusTM 2 Workstation (Accessory for Sample Preparation)

The Navios Flow Cytometer uses flow cytometric principles to determine qualitative and quantitative measurements of biological and physical properties of cells and other particles. These properties are measured when the cells pass through the laser beam(s) in single file.

The Navios tetra software is an optional locked algorithm application plug-in that is designed for the Navios flow cytometer. It provides automated analysis and results for tetraCHROME reagents; this application cannot be modified by the user.

The Navios Flow Cytometry System also offers an optional standalone offline software package, Navios software, which may be installed on an independent computer workstation for off-line analysis of listmode files generated by the Navios Flow Cytometer with tetraCHROME reagents and Navios tetra software according to the product labeling.

CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 reagent provides identification and enumeration of CD3+CD4+, CD3+CD8+, and $\mathrm { C D 3 + }$ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in peripheral whole blood. CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 reagent provides identification and enumeration of $\mathrm { C D 3 + }$ b $\mathrm { C D } 1 9 +$ and CD3- $\cos 6 +$ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in peripheral whole blood.

Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres is a suspension of fluorospheres with uniform and stable size and fluorescence intensity. The stability of these product parameters allows for the standardization of light scatter and fluorescence intensity instrument settings.

The COUL TER ImmunoPrep Reagent System is comprised of 3 ready-to-use reagents: Reagent A lyses the red blood cells, Reagent B buffers the solution and stops the lysing process, and Reagent C fixes the cells. This reagent system provides a rapid, no-wash, standardized, whole blood lysing solution for sample to sample, and laboratory to laboratory reproducibility.

The Navios Flow Cytometer uses sample preparation devices as part of the overall workflow system. The COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation is used with the COULTER ImmunoPrep Reagent System to prepare leukocytes from whole blood for quantitative immunofluorescence measurements on flow cytometers. The COULTER PrepPlus 2 is a microprocessor-controlled pipetting and diluting system, designed for automating sample preparation or assay methods. It is capable of aspirating and dispensing liquid samples.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

# Navios Flow Cytometer

The Navios Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping. It can be used in conjunction with the following monoclonal antibody reagents and software package:

CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RDI/CD8-ECD/CD3- PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RDI/CD19- ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents. These reagents provide identification and enumeration of $\mathrm { C D 3 + C D 4 + }$ ${ \mathrm { C D 3 + C D 8 + } }$ $\mathrm { C D 3 + } _ { \cdot }$ , EY $\mathrm { C D } 1 9 +$ and CD3-CD $5 6 +$ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in peripheral whole blood. Absolute counts may be determined by the Navios flow cytometer using Flow-Count Fluorospheres (single platform technology method) or separate hematology results (dual platform method). These reagents are indicated for use in the immunologic assessment of patients having or suspected of having immune deficiency.

Navios tetra Software for automated analysis and results with CYTOSTAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RDI/CDI9-ECD/CD3- PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents.

Navios Software may be installed on an independent computer workstation for off-line analysis of listmode files generated by the Navios Flow Cytometer with the monoclonal antibody reagents and software package listed above. The off-line analysis must be performed in accordance with the product labeling.

# Navios tetra Software

The Navios tetra Software is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RDI/ CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56- RDI/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents on the Navios Flow Cytometer.

It provides automated analysis and results for the identification and enumeration of $\mathrm { C D 3 + C D 4 + }$ b ${ \mathrm { C D 3 + C D 8 + } }$ b $\mathbb { C } \mathbb { D } 3 +$ b $\mathrm { C D } \left\lfloor 9 + \right.$ and $\mathrm { C D 3 - C D 5 6 + }$ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in peripheral whole blood. Absolute counts may be determined by the Navios flow cytometer using Flow-Count Fluorospheres (single platform technology method) or separate hematology results (dual platform method). It is indicated for use in the immunologic assessment of patients having or suspected of having immune deficiency.

# Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres

Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres is a suspension of fluorescent microspheres used as an aid in standardizing forward scatter, side scatter, and fluorescence detectors (FL1-4) on the Cytomics FC 500 and Navios Flow Cytometers.

<table><tr><td>Attribute</td><td>FC 500 flow cytometer (Predicate) FC 500 Flow Cytometer with tetraCXP software:</td><td>Navios flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The tetraCXP Software for Cytomics FC 500 flow cytometry systems and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME™M CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8- ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME™M CD45-FITC/CD56- RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 Monoclonal Antibody Reagents combine four-color fluorescent monoclonal antibody reagents, quality control reagents, an optional absolute count reagent, and software for automated analysis of lymphocyte populations in whole blood using Cytomics FC 500 flow cytometry systems with CXP Software. The system with.CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use" and allows simultaneous identification and enumeration of total CD3+, total CD4+, total CD8+, dual CD3+/CD4+ and dual CD3+/CD8+ T lymphocyte population percentages and absolute counts. The system with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5</td><td>Navios Flow Cytometer: The Navios Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping. It can be used in conjunction with the following monoclonal antibody reagents and software package: CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45- FITC/CD4-RDI/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45- FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents. These reagents provide identification and enumeration of CD3+CD4+, CD3+CD8+, CD3+, CD19+ and CD3-CD56+ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in peripheral whole blood. Absolute counts may be determined by the Navios flow cytometer using Flow-Count Fluorospheres (single platform technology method) or separate hematology results (dual platform method). These reagents are indicated for use in the immunologic assessment of patients having or suspected of having immune deficiency.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FC 500 flow cytometer(Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Navios flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use" andallows simultaneous identification andenumeration of total CD3+ (T), CD19+ (B), andCD3-/CD56+ (NK) lymphocyte populationpercentages and absolute counts. This reagentreflects the distribution of the three majorsubsets comprising the lymphocyte populationupon which other lymphocyte enumerationstudies are based and provides the totallymphocyte percentage.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Navios tetra Software for automated analysisand results with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROMECD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5monoclonal antibody reagents.Navios Software may be installed on an independentcomputer workstation for off-line analysis oflistmode files generated by the Navios FlowCytometer with the monoclonal antibody reagentsand software package listed above. The off-lineanalysis must be performed in accordance with theproduct labeling.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassificationand ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5220, Automated Differential Cell Counter,GKZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5220, Automated Differential Cell Counter, OYE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free space delivery and collection of laser light</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same except collection also uses fiber optics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 KHz samplingAnalog integrator circuitry w/ late stage ADCYields ~1,500 events/sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 MHz samplingDigital integrator circuitry w/ early stage ADCYields ~25,500 events/sec</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControlTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Daily Instrument ChecksCommercial ControlsInter-laboratory Quality Assurance Program(1QAP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FC 500 flow cytometer(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Navios flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleIntroduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• Automated presentation with  Multi-tubeCarousel Loader (MCL) from 32 test tubecapacity carouselManual presentation into a tube location onMCL via tube access door</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleAnalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.  Principle of analysis — Flow cytometricDetection hardware - Lasers, fluidics, optics,electronicsSample analysis pathwayManual gating of cellular populations by useror automated gating of cellular populationswith algorithnic software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatedalgorithmanalysis fortetraCHROMEreagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tetraCXP software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Navios tetra software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accessories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optional software kits for analysis on off-lineworkstations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Fluorospheres(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Fluorospheres are a suspension ofFluorospheres (fluorescent microspheres) usedas an aid in optimizing a flow cytometer forquantitative analysis of human leukocytes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres is a suspension offluorescent microspheres used as an aid instandardizing forward scatter, side scatter, andfluorescence detectors (FL1-4) on the Cytomics FC500 and Navios Flow Cytometers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceClassificationand ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.8625, Hematology Quality ControlMixture, JPK</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220, Automated Differential Cell Counter,PDX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentComponents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 µm (nominal diameter) polystyrenefluorospheres suspended in an aqueous mediumcontaining surfactants and preservatives at l x106 fluorospheres/mL (nominal concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same except 3 µm (nominal diameter) polystyrenefluorospheres</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FluorescenceEmission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranges from 525 nm to 700 nm when excited at488 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranges from 515-800 nm when excited at 488 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Suspensionsolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous medium containing surfactants andpreservatives at 1 x 106 fluorospheres/mL(nominal concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManufacturingProcess</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymerized in the presence of a single, broadspectrum dye.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufactured by loading a solution of three dyesinto a polystyrene particle.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeadFluorochromes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubicene dye</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rubicene dyc, IR-676 dye, Perylene dye</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laboratoryinstrumentstandardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•    Establishing Fluorescence and/or LightScatter Target Ranges•     Establishing Instrument HV/ Total Gain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Fluorospheres(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranges•    Daily Instrumcnt Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGntaYellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ApplicableInstruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cytomics FC 500Epics XL/XL-MCL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NaviosCytomics FC 500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Must be thoroughly mixed prior to use. Samplesin test tubes which stand for an extended periodof time should be vortex mixed before use. Noother sample preparation is necessary.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target ValueRanges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedure provided for user to establish targetvalue ranges for each manually gatedapplication.Additionally, target value ranges provided foralgorithm-based IVD software applicationssuch as tetraCXP for FC 500 flow cytometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as Flow-Set with target value ranges providedfor Navios tetra software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final ProductForm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Closed VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 months</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study Design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on CLSI EP9-A2, Method Comparisonand Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples;Approved Guideline - Second Edition.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Navios flow cytometer demonstrated comparableresults to the predicate device with CYTO-STATtetraCHROME Reagents (CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19/ECD/CD3-PC5).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1) Based on CLSI EP5-A2, Evaluation ofPrecision Performance of QuantitativeMeasurement Methods; Approved Guideline -Second Edition.2) Whole Blood Repeatability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Navios flow cytometer demonstrated acceptableresults with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME Reagents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1) Based on CLSI EP06-A, Evaluation of theLinearity of Quantitative MeasurementProcedures: A Statistical Approach; ApprovedGuideline.2) Pairs of ImmunoBrite beads and UltraRainbow Calibration particles evaluated acrossthe dynamic range of each detector.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Navios flow cytometer demonstrated acceptablelinearity results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay andInstrumentCarryover</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on recommendations contained in CLSIH26-A2, Validation, Verification, and QualityAssurance of Automated HematologyAnalyzers; Approved Guideline-SecondEdition; Section 5.7 - Carryover</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Navios flow cytometer demonstrated acceptablecarryover results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens tested over the sample stability andprepared sample stability claims.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptable sample and prepared sample stabilityresults achieved.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferenceValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on CLSI C28-A3. Defining.Establishing, and Verifying ReferenceIntervals in the Clinical Laboratory, ApprovedGuideline - Third Edition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference intervals established.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single vs. DualPlatformAbsoluteCountingMethodComparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on CLSI EP15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrated comparable absolute count resultsfrom single and dual platform methods.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LaserPerformanceCharacterization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evaluated mean channel values for FS andfluorescence detectors measured for integralsignal intensity variation and half peakcoefficient of variation (HPCV).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptable laser performance characterization resultsachieved.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limits</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on the CLSI EP17-A2 Protocols forDetermination of Limits of Detection andLimits of Quantitation; Approved.Guideline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Established the Limit of Blank, Limit of Detectionand Low Limit of Quantitation values for eachtetraCHROME marker when tested on the Naviossystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual Pipettevs. PrepPlus 2MethodComparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Based on CLSI EP15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrated comparable results are achieved whenspecimens are prepared using a manual pipette andPrepPlus 2 workstation.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open andClosed VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluated open and closed vial stability ofmultiple lots of Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheresover the shelf life of the product on a Naviosflow cytometer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres demonstrated acceptableresults.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte ValueAssignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Using iterative process, established targetvalue ranges for Flow-Set Pro Fluorosphereswith Navios tetra software.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Established process for generating target value rangesfor Navios tetra software.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FC 500 FlowCytometerUsage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Established target channel and ranges forFlow-Set Pro Fluorospheres on an FC 500 flowcytometer and used them for daily instrumentstandardization according to instructionsprovided in product labeling.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrated acceptable results with Flow-Set ProFluorospheres on an FC 500 flow cytometer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI EP5-A2, Evaluation ofPrecision Performance of QuantitativeMeasurement Methods; Approved Guideline -Second Edition.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres demonstrated acceptableresults.</td></tr></table>

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

# September 18, 2013

BECKMAN COULTER, INC. C/O MS. NANCY NADLER 11800 S.W. 147 AVENUE M/S 31-B06 MIAMI, FL 33196-2500

Re: K130373 Trade/Device Name: Navios Flow Cytometer System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OYE, PDX Dated: August 14, 2013 Received: August 16, 2013

Dear Ms. Nadler:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Reena Philip -S

for

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device NameNaviosT Flow Cytometer

Indications for Use (Describe)

with the following monoclonal antibody reagents and software package:

CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD4S-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56- RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5alt ahe a viti CD3+CD CD+CD8 CDCD19  CD3-CDS6y   t   holboo C having or suspected of having immune deficiency. DICD au TARETC/CDI/ PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents.

performed in accordance with the product labeling.

Te avS A tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/ CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents on the Navios Flow Cytometer.

I inalu CD+CCCD3 CD-C