# Introduction

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92 and the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990.

# Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Clinical Systems Division 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive Hercules, CA 94545

Contact Person

Ebony McKinnies Regulatory Affairs Representative

# Device Names

1) VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin A1c Program, Catalog No.: 270-2101NU VARIANTTM II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program, Catalog Nos.: 270-2103, 270-2154

# Classification

1) Glycosylated hemoglobin assay, 21 CFR 864.7470 (LCP)   
2) Hemoglobin A2 assay, 21 CFR 864.7400 (JPD)

# Predicate Devices

Table 1: Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Regulation andCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II Hemoglobin Alc Program</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K070452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7470 (LCP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II β-thalassemia Short Program</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K063643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7400 (JPD)</td></tr></table>

# Intended and Indications for Use

# Intended Use: VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program

The Bio-Rad VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin Alc in human whole blood using ionexchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for Professional Use Only. For in vitro diagnostic use.

# Indications for Use: VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program

Measurement of percent hemoglobin Alc is effective in monitoring long-term glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

# Intended Use: VARIANT II β-thalassemia Short Program

The VARIANTTM II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program is intended for the separation and area percent determinations of hemoglobins A2 and F, and as an aid in the identification of abnormal hemoglobins in whole blood using ion-exchange high

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.,   
VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin Alc Program / VARIANT II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program   
Special 510(k) - Device Modification

performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The Bio-Rad VARIANT II $\beta$ - thalassemia Short Program is intended for use only with the Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System. For in vitro diagnostic use.

# Indications for Use: VARIANT II β-thalassemia Short Program

Measurement of the percent hemoglobin A2 and F are effective in screening of $\beta$ -thalassemia (i.e., hereditary hemolytic anemias characterized by decreased synthesis or more types of abnormal hemoglobin polypeptide chains).

# Submission Purpose and History

# Submission Purpose

The software updates include customer requested features, whereas both software and firmware include specific defect fixes. When compared to the predicate device, there are no changes to the performance specifications, intended or indications for use, or operating principles. Moreover, Risk Analysis and Verification/Validation testing results demonstrate that the changes do not affect product safety, effectiveness, and substantial equivalency claims.

# Notification of previous changes

Utilizing the Risk Management Process, FDA guidance documents and regulations it was determined that the following changes did not warrant a premarket submission:

Table 2: Notification of Previous Modifications   

<table><tr><td>Modification CDM 4.02 </td><td>Description of Modification As a result of a field corrective action, Golden Rules was</td></tr><tr><td>5.1.1</td><td>implemented to serve as a preventative tool that detects sampling identification errors and prevents the transmission of errant results to an LIS (v.4.02/4.03) Added conversion factor between IFCC, JDS, and NGSP that aligned with the existing labeling, international customer and regulatory requirements—Europe and Japan. (v.5.1) Added Export to PDF and automated priming function to improve ease-of-use and analysis workflows (v.5.1) Two defect corrections, identified with the Reanalysis feature, were implemented to address customer feedback—1) defect #1 caused CDM to crash when in the Reanalysis Window and 2) defect #2 did not allow calibrator reassignment in</td></tr><tr><td>Updated PC Board</td><td>Reanalysis because of an unpopulated calibration table (v.5.1.1) Replaced obsolescent PC Board (implemented with CDM v.5.1.1 concurrently)</td></tr></table>

In addition, these changes were designed, developed and implemented under established design control and GMP processes; there were no changes to the intended/indications for use, performance specifications, or operating principles.

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.,   
VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin A1c Program / VARIANT II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program   
Special 510(k) - Device Modification 1 c7

Moreover, documentation to support these changes and processes are stored in the applicable Design History Files; therefore, this Special 510(k) covers the recent firmware and software changes only, as described in the Submission Purpose section.

# Description of Instrument

The VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System is a fully automated, highthroughput hemoglobin analyzer. The VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System provides an integrated method for sample preparation, separation and determination of the relative percent of specific hemoglobin in whole blood. It consists of two modules — the VARIANT II Chromatographic Station (VCS) and the VARIANT II Sampling Station (VSS). In addition, a personal computer is used to control the VARIANT System using Clinical Data Management (CDM) Software.

A personal computer (PC) is used to control the VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System using Clinical Data Management (CDMTM) software. The CDM software supports import of sample information from and export of patient results to a Laboratory Information System (LIS). Control results are displayed on Levy-Jennings Charts and are exportable to Unity Real TimeTM.

Table 3: FDA-cleared assays for use on the VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System with CDM Software   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT IIAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay PartNo.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component Names and Part Nos.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Explanation of Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT IIHemoglobin AlcProgram</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270-2101NU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay contains the followingcomponents -Whole Blood Primer, 270-0350Elution Buffer A, 270-21 10NUElution Buffer B, 270-211 1NUWash/Diluent Solution, 270-2112NUAnalytical Cartridge, 270-2113NUCD-ROM, 270-2114NUCalibrator/Diluent Set, 270-2115NUSample Vials, 270-2149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The VARIANT IIHemoglobin Alc Program isa well established method ofmeasuring the level ofHemoglobin A lc in red bloodcells. Therapy for diabetesrequires the long-termmaintenance of a bloodglucose level as close aspossible to normal levels tominimize the risk of long-term vascular consequences.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II β-thalassemia ShortProgram</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270-2103270-2154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay contains the followingcomponents Elution Buffer 1, 270-0004Elution Buffer 2, 270-0005HbA2/F Calibrator/Diluent Set,270-0083Analytical Cartridge, 270-0182Whole Blood Primer, 270-0351Sample Vials, 270-2149Wash/Diluent Solution, 270-2164CD-ROM, 270-2165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The VARIANT II β-thalassemia Short Program isa well established method ofmeasuring Hemoglobins A2and F in human red bloodcells. A frequently occurringthalassemia, beta-thalassemia(β-thalassemia) is commonlyfound in the heterozygousstate as β-thalassemia minoror β-thalassemia trait.</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The following tables delineate the similarities and differences between the predicates and modified devices.

Table 4: VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VARIANT II Hemoglobin AIcProgram, K070452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Modified device:VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Ion-exchange high performance liquid chromatography</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Human anticoagulated whole blood treated with EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Certification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Certified by the NGSP as traceable to the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial(DCCT) Reference method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Certification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Certified by the IFCC as traceable to the IFCC Reference Measurement Procedure.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Windows Operating System with Proprietary Assay Software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Whole Blood Primer (2 each), Elution Buffer A (3 each), Elution Buffer B (1 each),Wash/Diluent Solution (3 each), Analytical Cartridge (1 each), CD-ROM (1 each),Calibrator/Diluent Set (1 each), Sample Vials - package of 100 (1 each)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cation Exchange Matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety Standards forElectrical Equipmentfor IVD Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BS EN 61010 Certified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectromagneticCompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BS EN 61326 Certified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>The Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for the percentdetermination of hemoglobin Alc in human whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).For in vitro diagnostic use.Measurement of percent hemoglobin Alc is effective in monitoring long-term glucosecontrol in individuals with diabetes mellitus.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance Claims</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No change or impact, claims transferred from predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDM Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDM Software version 4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CDM Software version 5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II TestingSystem Firmware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPROMVCS 41.300VSS 51.381VSS PUMP 4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPROMVCS 41.301VSS 51.403VSS PUMP 4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLASHVCS 42.300VSS 52.403VSS PUMP 5.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Historical DatabaseReview</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archive Viewer — this tool does not allowtransmission to an LIS, and is not intendedfor repeat reporting.</td></tr></table>

Table 5: VARIANT II $\beta$ thalassemia Short Program   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:VARIANT II β-thalassemia ShortProgram, K063643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Modified device:VARIANT II β-thalassemia ShortProgram</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGlow</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Ion-exchange high performance liquid chromatography</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Human anticoagulated whole blood treated with EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Windows Operating System with Proprietary Assay Software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>250 Tests / 500 Tests: Elution Buffer 1 (2 / 3 each), Elution Buffer 2 (1 / 2 each),HbA2/F Calibrator/Diluent Set (1 / 1 set), Analytical Cartridge (1 / 2 each), WholeBlood Primer (3 / 3 packs), Sample Vials - package of 100 (1 / 1 each), Wash/DiluentSolution (1 / 2 each), CD-ROM (1 / 1 each)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cation Exchange Matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety Standards forElectrical Equipmentfor IVD Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>BS EN 61010 Certified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectromagneticCompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>BS EN 61326 Certified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>The VARIANTTM II β-thalassemia Short Program is intended for the separation andarea percent determinations of hemoglobins A2 and F, and as an aid in theidentification of abnormal hemoglobins in whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).The Bio-Rad VARIANT II β-thalassemia Short Program is intended for use only withthe Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System.For in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance Claims</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>No change or impact, claims transferred from predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDM Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CDM Software version 4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CDM Software version 5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II TestingSystem Firmware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>EPROMVCS 41.300VSS 51.381VSS PUMP 4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPROMVCS 41.301VSS 51.403VSS PUMP 4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLASHVCS 42.300VSS 52.403VSS PUMP 5.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Historical DatabaseReview</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Archive Viewer—this tool does notallow transmission to an LIS, and is notintended for repeat reporting.</td></tr></table>

Risk   
Management Process for   
Device   
Modifications

In accordance with ISO 14971, and internal risk management processes and procedures a defined risk analysis was used to identify, mitigate, or eliminate potential risks associated with the device modifications. For each identified risk, a Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) was conducted. This was performed in a systematic manner by a trained risk assessment team until consensus was reached that an adequate analysis had been performed. The risk evaluation for the device software and firmware modifications included the following tasks:

Reviewed modifications and design inputs to identify potential risks and hazards;

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc.,   
VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin A1c Program / VARIANT II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program   
Special 5 10(k) - Device Modification Reviewed existing product risk tables and customer complaints to identify potential risks and hazards;   
Considered requirements of IEC 62304, Software Design and Development processes and plan to identify potential risks and hazards;   
Identified and implemented risk mitigations and hazard controls through software, hardware, and labeling for misuse and use scenarios;   
Updated existing FMEA and Hazard Analysis tables with newly identified risks, software defects, residual risks, mitigations and hazard controls; Evaluated modified product using established verification and validation processes, plans and protocols with appropriate acceptance criteria that determined whether risk mitigations, hazard controls, and residual risks were as safe and effective as the predicate device;   
Conducted a comprehensive risk management review and wrote a Risk Management Report that summarized all risk activities and deemed the modified product safe, effective, and comparable to the predicate device.

Design verification/validation tests met established acceptance criteria.

# Conclusion

When considering the similarities of the intended use, the general features and characteristics of the assay, and the use of the same technology, it can be concluded that the VARIANT II Hemoglobin A1c Program and VARIANT II $\beta \cdot$ thalassemia Short Program are substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate devices.

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. C/O Ebony McKinnies 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive HERCULES CA 94545

Re: K130860

Trade/Device-Name:VARIANTTM.II-Hemoglobin-Alc-Program VARIANTTM II ™ B-thalassemia ShoRt Program   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470   
Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: LCP, JPD   
Dated: March 21, 2013   
Received: March 28, 2013

Dear Ms. McKinnies:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 1, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR: Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2-Ms. McKinnies

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You-may-obtain-other-general-information-on-your-responsibilities-under-the-Act-from-the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Denisen-lyles -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k130860

Device Name: VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin Alc Program /VARIANTIM II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program

The Bio-Rad VARIANTTM II Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin A1c in human whole blood using ion-exchange highperformance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin Alc Program is intended for Professional Use Only. For in vitro diagnostic use.

Measurement of percent hemoglobin A1c is effective in monitoring long-term glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiologic Health (OIR)

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiologic Health

510(k) k130860

- -\*

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k130860

Indications for Use:

The VARIANTTM $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program is intended for the separation and area percent determinations of hemoglobins A2 and F, and as an aid in the identification of abnormal hemoglobins in whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The Bio-Rad VARIANT II $\beta$ -thalassemia Short Program is intended for use only with the Bio-Rad VARIANT II Hemoglobin Testing System. For in vitro diagnostic use.

Measurement of the percent hemoglobin A2 and F are effective in screening of $\beta .$ - thalassemia (i.e., hereditary hemolytic anemias characterized by decreased synthesis or more types of abnormal hemoglobin polypeptide chains)

Prescription Use X AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiologic Health (OIR)