# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) Assay and Calibrator

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: k131307   
Date of Preparation: May 3, 2013   
C. Proprietary and Established Names: ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) Assay ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator   
D. Applicant Contact: Kira Gordon Sr. Regulatory Technical Specialist Address: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc 511 Benedict Ave Tarrytown, NY 10591 Phone: (914) 524-2996 (914) 524-3579 (fax)

# E. Regulatory Information: Reagent

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR §864.7470, Glycosylated hemoglobin assay   
2. Classification: Class I1   
3.Product Code: LCP   
4. Panel: Hematology (81)

# Calibrator

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR §862.1150, Calibrator, secondary   
2. Classification: Class I1   
3. Product Code: JIT   
4. Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

F. Predicate Device: Reagents: 1. Device Name:

Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay   
2. Common Name: Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay   
3. 510(k) Number: k042193   
4. Manufacturer: Diazyme Laboratories

# Calibrators:

1. Device Name: Randox Fructosamine Calibrator   
2. Common Name: Randox Fructosamine Calibrator   
3. 510(k) Number: k023763   
4. Manufacturer: Randox Laboratories, Ltd.

# G. Intended Use and Indication for Use:

ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) Assay

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of glycated protein (fructosamine) in human serum or plasma on the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry systems. 2-3 weeks, and is useful for monitoring diabetic patients.

# ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator

For in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) assay on ADVIA Chemistry systems.

# H.Device Description:

The ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine reagents are ready-to-use liquid packaged for use on ADVIA $\mathfrak { B }$ 1650 Chemistry system. The reagents are supplied as 100 tests/wedge, with two (2) wedges in each kit.

Reagent 1 (R1) contains Tris Buffer $\mathrm { ( 0 . 2 ~ m o l / L }$ , $\mathfrak { p H 8 . 0 }$ ), Proteinase-| $\zeta \left( \geq 1 \mathrm { | k U / m L } \right)$ 4- Aminoantipyrine (5 mmol/L) and Stabilizers.   
Reagent 2 (R2) contains Tris Buffer $\mathrm { ( 0 . 2 ~ m o l / L }$ , $\mathsf { p H } 8 . 6 5$ ), Fructosaminase $( \geq 0 . 5$ $\mathbf { k U } / \mathrm { m L }$ , Peroxidase (horseradish) $( 0 . 5 \mathrm { \ k U / m L }$ N-ethyl-N-sulphohydroxypropyl-mtoluidine (TOOS) $\mathrm { 1 0 ~ m m o l / L ) }$ and Stabilizers.

The ADVIA $\circledast$ Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator is a single analyte and single level calibrator. It is lyophilized human serum containing pure fructosamine antigen. There are three ) vials in each kit. Each vial contains $0 . 0 8 \mathrm { g }$ The volume per vial (after reconstitution with deionized water) is $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ .

# .Test Principle:

In the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Assay, Reagent 1 contains proteinase K, which digests the glycated protein to yield glycated protein fragments. Fructosaminase in Reagent 2 oxiizes the ketomine bond of the glycatd proteinfragments. As a result hydrogen pexie is released and it is involved in a colorimetric Trinder end-point reaction. The amount of color developed and measured at 596 nm is proportional to the concentration of glycated protein in the sample.

# J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name: Reagent: Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay;   
2. Calibrator: Randox Fructosamine Calibrator Predicate K number:   
3. Reagent: k042193 Calibrator: k023763

Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences: Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine(FRUC) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Diazyme Glycated SerumProtein Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative measurement of glycatedprotein (fructosamine) in human serumor plasma on the ADVIA@ Chemistrysystems. Measurement of fructosamineis representative of blood glucose levelsover the preceding 2-3 weeks, and isuseful for monitoring diabetic patients.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same (for the quantitativedetermination of glycatedserum proteins (GSP;glycated albumin;fructosamine): Themeasurement of glycatedserum proteins is useful formonitoring diabetic patients.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA® 1650 Chemistry system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum and plasma (Lithiumheparin, potassium EDTA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122236 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-1000 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21-1354 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle/Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic reaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Calibrator:   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences: Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:ADVIA Chemistry FructosamineCalibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE DEVICE:Randox FructosamineCalibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use in thecalibration of the ADVIA® Chemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same-Intended for in vitro use in</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fructosamine (FRUC) assay onADVIA® Chemistry systems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">the calibration ofFructosamine on clinicalchemistry systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Derived from human source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fill Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08g→1.0mL reconstituted</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

a.Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition(CLSI EP7-A2)   
b. Evaluation of Detection Capability or Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Second Edition (CLSI EP17-A2)   
C. Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline-Second Edition (CLSI EP5-A2)

# L. Performance Characteristics

The following data represent typical performance for the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Assay and were collected on ADVIA $^ { \textregistered }$ 1650.Chemistry system. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated by testing several performance characteristics including imprecision, linearity/assay reportable range, limit of detection, method comparison and analytical specificity. All of the evaluation studies gave acceptable results when compared to the predicate device. These studies support that the ADVIA $\circled{8}$ Chemistry Fructosamine Assay and ADVIA $\mathfrak { B }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator when tested on the ADVIA $^ { \textregistered }$ EY 1650 Chemistry system are substantially equivalent to the Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay and Randox Fructosamine Calibrator that are currently marketed.

# I. Imprecision

Within-Run and Total Precision were established by assaying three samples. Each sample was assayed 2 replicates per run, 2 runs per day, for at least 20 days.Precision estimates were computed according to CLS1 document EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>273</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Pool</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr></table>

# II. Linearity/assay reportable range

Linearity was assessed by assaying equally spaced dilutions across the measuring range. The low end of theassay range is calculated based on the Limit of Quantitation. The i

end of the assay range is based on the linearity calculation. The ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine Assay on ADVIA® 1650 Chemistry system is linear from 30-1000 μmol/L with a deviation from linearity $0 f \leq 1 0 \%$ .

Results of the linear regression equation are as follows: Observed FRUC $( \mu \mathrm { m o L / L } ) = 0 . 9 9 5 \ast \mathrm { ~ p ~ }$ Expected FRUC $( \mathrm { \underline { { u m o L / L } } } ) + 4 . 1 2 , \mathrm { r = 1 . 0 0 0 }$

# III. Limit of detection

The ADVIA@ Chemistry Fuctosamine Assay estimations of the Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were performed according to CLSI document EP17-A2, Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Second Edition using several serum pools with fructosamine concentration and 160 replicates of blank ("zero") serum pool.

The Limit of Blank (LoB) is the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed on a blank sample. The LoB for the ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine Assay is $1 5 ~ \mu \ m o l / L$ on ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 1650 Chemistry system.

The Limit of Detection (LoD) is the smallest amount that this assay can reliably detect to determine presence or absence of an analyte. The LoD for the ADVIA® Chemistry Fuctosamine Assay is $2 1 \mu m o l / L$ on ADVIA $\textcircled{8}$ 1650 Chemistry system.

LoB and LoD values are determined with proportions of false positives (α) less than 5% and false negatives (0) less than 5%, based on 320 determinations with 160 blank and 160 low level sample replicates for the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 1650 Chemistry system.

The Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) is based on 160 determinations and a total error goal of 30.0% calculated using the Westgard model. The LoQ for the ADVIA® Chemistry Fuctosamine Assay is $3 0 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ on ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 1650 Chemistry system.

# IV. Method comparison with predicate device:

The performance of the ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine Assay on ADVIA@ 1650 Chemistry system (y) was compared with the performance of Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay on Hitachi 717 (x).

One hundred and thirteen (1 13) serum samples were tested. Three (3) samples were not included in calculations being out if the assay range. The sample results ranged from 47 995 μmol/L fructosamine (x), and gave a correlation coefficient (r) of 0.99. The ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine assay result was calculated using least squares linear regression (first replicate) is as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.99x - 13.1 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99- 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-17.2--9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47 - 995 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

# V. Matrix comparison

The performance of the plasma samples (y) on ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine Assay on was compared with the performance of serum samples (x) on ADVIA® 1650 Chemistry system.

One hundred and fifty two (152) Lithium Heparin plasma samples and one hundred twenty eight (128) potassium EDTA plasma samples were tested vs. serum; the sample results ranged from $3 8 { \mathrm { - } } 9 4 0 { \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } }$ fructosamine $\mathbf { \Psi } ( \mathbf { x } )$ The ADVIA $\circledast$ Chemistry Fructosamine A uu   s  i :

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegressionEquation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LithiumHeparin(Plasma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=1.00x +3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 to 1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.1 to 9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 - 940 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotassiumEDTA(Plasma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x - 4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 to 1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.2 to 2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38 - 940 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

# VI. Analytical specificity

Interferences from various substances (see table below) were evaluated using a significance criterion of >10% bias. Bias is the difference in the results between the control sample (without the interferent) and the test sample (contains the interferent) expressed in percent. Bias exceeding $1 0 \%$ is considered interference.

<table><tr><td>Interferent</td><td>Interferent Level</td><td>Fructosamine Sample Concentration</td><td>interference&#x27;</td></tr><tr><td>Bilrubin (conjugated)</td><td>5 mg/dl (86 μmoVL) 10 mgidl (171 pmall) 5 mgldL (86 jmoll) &#x27; 10 migldL (i71 pmoln)</td><td>165 μmolnt . 165 μmol/L : 263 μmoUL :263 μmcln</td><td>NSI -18.3% · NS) .13.6%</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubb (unconjugated)</td><td>5mg/dl (86 μmovl) 10 mgidL (171 pmoll) 10 mg/di (171 pmoil) 15 mgidt (257 pmoit)</td><td>165 μmalt 165 μml/l 264 μmoli 264 μmol.t</td><td>NSI -16.2% NSI</td></tr><tr><td>Hemotysis</td><td>250 mgkdt (2.5 g 500 mgidL (5.0grl)  . 750 mgidL (7.5 gnt) 1000 miglL (10.0 L)</td><td>154 μmolL 154 μmol1L 253 μmoil :253μmoiL</td><td>NSI -11.3% NSI</td></tr><tr><td>Lipersia (from Trighycenide Concentrate) Ascortic Acid</td><td>1000 mgldl (11.3 mmoL) 1000 mgidl (31.3 mmolL)</td><td>156 μmoll 256 μmoin 156 μToUt</td><td>NSI NSI</td></tr><tr><td>T</td><td>10 mgidl (568 pmoll) : 15 mgidl (852 pmol.L) 20 mid1 (1136 μma/) 2800 mgkdl (155 mmot/l)</td><td>156 μmouL 2 250 umioln 154 umoll</td><td>+13.2% .NSI</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose Uric Acid</td><td>2800 mgidl (155 mupD|/L) :  50 mgidl (2975 umidlAL)</td><td>251 μrtoUL - 159 μmol/L</td><td>- NSI NSI NSI</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>50 mgidt (2975 pmol/l)</td><td>.251 μmol/L</td><td>ANSI</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin Total Prccein</td><td>6.1 gldl (61 gl) 8.4 gkdL (84 g1</td><td>132 μmolL : 489 μmoll .</td><td>NSI &lt;</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>ASI</td></tr></table>

KSl  l SneA pt0%isei

# VII. Reagent and Calibrator Stability

Reagent: for opened products, once placed on the system reagents are stable for 60 days. The shelf life of the ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine Reagent is 12 months at $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ For unopened product, see the expiration date on the reagent carton.

Calibrator:for opened products, once the cap is removed, assigned values are stable for $2 8 ^ { \cdot }$ days when recapped immediately after use and stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { ‰}$ The shelf life of the ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator is 12 months at 2-8C. For unopened product, see the expiration date on the calibrator carton.

# VII. Value Assignment

The ADVIA Chemistry FRUC assay is traceable to an internal standard. Assigned values of the ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator are traceable to this standardization.

The value assignment is carried out by a nested testing protocol using one lot of reagent on one ADVIA® 1650 Chemistry system with ten (10) replicates of the Master Lot and Test Lot calibrators in the same worklist. The Test Lot values are adjusted with a ratio derived from the Master Lot Calibrator assigned value (Target value) and the mean recovery of the Master Lot Calibrator values (observed) according to the following equation: Test Lot assigned value $=$ (Master Calibrator Target value / Mean Recovery of the Master Lot Calibrator observed) \* Mean Recovery of Test Lot observed.

# VII. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# VIII. Clinical cut-off

Not applicable.

# M. Conclusion

The ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Assay on ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 1650 Chemistry system is substantially equivalent in principle and in performance to other products in commercial distribution intended or similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay (k042193).

The ADVIA® Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator on ADVIA® 1650 Chemistry system is substantally euival  ric an in peance  oh ouct  cal oy currently marketed Randox Fructosamine Calibrator (k023763).

SIEMENS HEALTHCARE DIAGNOSTICS, INC. KIRA GORDON   
SR. REGULATORY TECHNICAL SPECIALIST 511 BENEDICT AVE   
TARRYTOWN NY 10591   
Re: K131307   
Trade/Device Name: ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) Assay ADVIA Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470   
Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: LCP, JIT   
Dated: December 6, 2013   
Received: December 9, 2013

Dear Dr. Gordon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

ADVIA $\mathfrak { W }$ Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) Assay; ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator

Indications for Use (Describe) The ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) Assay

ADVIA $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Chemistry systems. Measurement fructosamine is representativeof blood glucose levlsover the preeing 2-3 weeks, and is useful for monitoring diabetic patients.

ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine Calibrator

For in vitro diagnostic use in the calibration of the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Fructosamine (FRUC) assay on ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tmeor icollecion nomation etated veragehours p eone clude reviwinstructions, search existing dat sources gatherand maintain he data needed nd coplete and review the colection information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any otheraspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."