# K/3//40

# 510(k) Summary for the Omnyx, LLC. Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application

1. SUBMITTER/510(K) HOLDER

Omnyx, LLC 1251 Waterfront Place Pittsburgh, PA 15222

Contact Person: Michael C. Montalto, Ph.D. Telephone: 732-457-8135

2. CONSULTaNT/CONTACT

Aptiv Solutions   
62 Forest Street   
Suite 300   
Marlborough, MA 01752   
Telephone: (main) 508-597-6000 (direct) 508-835-1688 Facsimile: 508-597-5789   
Primary Contact: Gail E. Radcliffe, Ph.D. Date Prepared: April 19, 2012

3. Device Name

Proprietary Name: Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application   
Common/Usual Name: Digital Pathology Device   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: OEO (automated digital image manual interpretation microscope)

4PReDiCAte Devices

Aperio ScanScope XT System (K071671) VirtuosoTM IHC HER2 (K111543)

# 5Device Description

The Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application on the Omnyx IDP System is intended to aid pathology professionals in creating, managing, storing, annotating, measuring, and viewing digital Whole Slide Images (WSl) from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue sections stained with the Dako HercepTestTM.

The system is composed of the following components:

•VL4 Scanner: A hardware device that captures and compresses bright field images of tissue samples. Data and Workflow Infrastructure: A set of networked applications which enables case data entry, acquisition, indexing, storage and acceptance of digital images, workflow management, and retrieval of case and image data.   
Histology Workstation: The application which permits the histologist to review or enter case data and check quality of scanned images.   
•Pathology Workstation: The application which allows the pathologist to retrieve case data and review and annotate slide images.

# Hardware:

The Omnyx™M VL4 scanner is an automated imaging system that can be loaded with up to 4 slides at a time. The VLA Scanner outputs its images and metadata to the Omnyx Digital Archive, which receives and stores the images and data.

# Software:

The Omnyx software is composed of 1) the VLA scanner software which performs tissue identification, scan planning, focusing, image acquisition, stitching and compression of digital slide images and sends them to the Digital Archive and 2) the DPS software that manages the Histologist and Pathologist workstation functions, image viewer, workflow service, database, interface engine, APLIS service, digital archive, image store and the administrator client application.

# Principles of Operation:

FFPE tissue sections are stained with the Dako HercepTestTM according to the package insert. Slides are then scanned and digitized using the Omnyx VL4 Scanner. Whole slide images are transferred automatically to the Omnyx Digital Archive (DA) where they are indexed and stored. The Workflow Server contains patient information. These files are then accessed using the Histology Workstation or the Pathologist Workstation. The Histology Workstation is used by histologists or other lab professionals to perform quality checks on scanned slides, confirm that IHC slides/case associations are correct and order re-cuts and re-stains. It also enables the histologist to enter case data manually. The Pathologist Workstation enables the pathologist to flag significant cases and regions of interest. It also allows the pathologist to review the digital HercepTestTM IHC whole slide image (WSI) via the Omnyx Image Viewer and is used by the pathologist for functions such as annotating images and making measurements.

# 6. IndiCations for Use/ Intended Use

The Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application on the Omnyx IDP System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to pathology professionals for creating, managing, storing, annotating, measuring, and viewing digital Whole Slide Images (WSl) from formalinfixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue sections stained with the Dako HercepTestTM.

The Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application on the Omnyx IDP System is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2/neu (c-erbB-2) in digital images of FFPE breast cancer tissue immunohistochemically stained with the Dako HercepTestTM and viewed on a computer monitor.

The Dako HercepTest™M is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

# 7. SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTiCS COMPARED TO THE PREDICATE DeVIces

The following table summarizes the similarities and differences between the Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application and the predicate devices Aperio ScanScope XT System and VirtuosoTM IHC HER2.

Similarities/Differences of Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application with Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omnyx Manual Read of theDigital HER2 Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aperio ScanScope XT System(K071671)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VirtuosoTM IHC HER2(K111543)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Omnyx Manual Read ofthe Digital HER2Application on the OmnyxIDP System is intended forin vitro diagnostic use as anaid to pathologyprofessionals for creating,receiving, managing, storing,annotating, measuring, andviewing digital Whole SlideImages (WSI) fromformalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissuesections stained with theDako HercepTest™M.The Omnyx Manual Readof the Digital HER2Application on the OmnyxIDP System is intended foruse as an aid to thepathologist in the detectionand semi-quantitativemeasurement of HER2/neu(c-erbB-2) in digital imagesof FFPE breast cancer tissueimmunohistochemicallystained with the DakoHercepTestTM and viewed ona computer monitor. DakoHercepTest™ is indicatedfor use as an aid in theassessment of breast cancerpatients for whomHERCEPTIN(Trastuzumab) treatment isbeing considered.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ScanScope system is anautomated digital slide creation,management, viewing andanalysis system. It is intendedfor in vitro diagnostic use as anaid to the pathologist in thedisplay, detection, counting andclassification of tissues and cellsof clinical interest based onparticular color, intensity, size,pattern and shape.The IHC HER2 Manual Read ofa Digital Slide application isintended for use as an aid to thepathologist in the detection andsemi-quantitative measurementof HER2/neu (c-erbB-2) informalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastictissue immunohistochemicallystained for HER-2 receptors on acomputer monitor. HER2 resultsare indicated for use as an aid inthe management, prognosis andprediction of therapy outcomes inbreast cancer.The IHC HER2 Manual Read ofa Digital Slide application isintended for use as an accessoryto the Dako HercepTestTM to aidin the detection and semi-quantitative measurement ofHER2/neu (c-ebB-2) in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normaland neoplastic tissueimmunohistochemically stainedfor HER-2 receptors on acomputer monitor. When usedwith the Dako HercepTest, it is</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This device is intended for in vitro(IVD) use.The Virtuoso System providesautomated digital slide creation,management, analysis, and viewing. Itis intended for IVD use as an aid to thepathologist in the display, detection,counting, review and classification oftissues and cells of clinical interest basedon particular morphology, color,intensity, size, pattern and shape.The VirtuosoTM System for IHC HER2(4B5) is for digital read and imageanalysis applications. This particularVirtuoso system is intended for use as anaid to the pathologist in the detectionand semi-quantitative measurement ofHER2 protein in formalin-fixed,paraffin-embedded normal andneoplastic tissue. This device is anaccessory to the Ventana MedicalSystems, Inc. PATHWAY® anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit MonoclonalPrimary Antibody. The PATHWAYanti-HER2/neu (4B5) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody isindicated for use as an aid in theassessment of breast cancer patients forwhom HERCEPTIN® (Trastuzumab)treatment is being considered.Note: The IHC HER2 (4B5) DigitalRead and Image Analysis applicationsare adjunctive computer-assistedmethodologies for the qualifiedpathologist in the acquisition andmeasurement of images frommicroscope glass slides of breast cancerspecimens stained for the presence of</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">indicated for use as an aid in theassessment of breast cancerpatients for whom HERCEPTIN(Trastuzumab) treatment is beingconsidered. Note: The actualcorrelation of the DakoHercepTest to Herceptinclinical outcome has not beenestablished.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HER-2/neu receptor protein. Thepathologist should verify agreementwith the Image Analysis softwareapplication score. The accuracy of thetest results depends on the quality of theimmunohistochemical staining. It is theresponsibility of a qualified pathologistto employ appropriate morphologicalstudies and controls as specified in theinstructions for the PATHWAY® anti-HER-2.neu (4B5) Rabbit MonoclonalPrimary Antibody assay used to assurethe validity of the iScan System for IHCHER2 Digital Read and Image Analysisscores. The actual correlation ofPATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) toclinical outcome has not beenestablished.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal andneoplastic tissueimmunohistochemically stained</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated digital slide scanner,computer, color monitor,keyboard, and digital pathologyinformation managementsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated digital microscopeslide scanner, computer, colormonitor, keyboard and digitalpathology informationmanagement software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biolmagene (now Ventana) iScan slidescanner, computer, color monitor,proprietary software for HER2 (4B5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImageAcquisition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tile sensor technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Line scanning technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tungsten light</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrimaryAntibody(Assay)Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dako Reagents for HER2(HercepTestM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ventana PATHWAY HER2 (4B5)(P990081 S003)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation (Modes ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interpretation is performed bythe pathologist ( Manual digitalread</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual and Automated</td></tr></table>

# 8. SUMMARY Of NON-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING AS BASIS fOR Substantial Equivalence

# CiNiCaL COMparison tO ManuaL MIcrosCopY

Each of the four (4) pathologists read 200 breast cancer cases, comprising of both the controls and specimen slides stained with the Dako HercepTestTM, using a conventional manual microscope (MM) and the OmnyxTM IDP (M-WSI), separated by at least a 2 week washout period. Three (3) VL4 scanners were installed in separate laboratories, with each scanner associated with a different scanner technician. Each pathologist reviewed WSIs obtained from different VL4 scanners, although two (2) of the pathologists received WSIs from the same VL4 scanner. The pairwise percent agreement between all pathologist on both MM and M-WSI modalities (inter-reader/intra-modality) was determined for both binned $( 0 / 1 + = \tt { n e g } ;$ $1 + / 2 + = { \tt p o s } )$ and trichotomous $( 0 / 1 + , 2 + , 3 + )$ score categories. Furthermore, in order to determine how well each pathologist could recapitulate a slide score for each slide when read on each modality, an analysis of the percent agreement between MM vs. M-WSI (inter-modality/intra-reader) for each pathologist was determined.

Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality on Glass (MM) between four ) pathologists - Trichotomous score categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality(MM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pathologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=12>50 3 1 0439 1 07234 0 3302 01 7 341 1221900 0 10580 1 8 56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>01+2+3+</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=20>.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% C1)(Trichotomous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>85.9% (80%-90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>88.0% (83%-92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>80.5% (74%-85%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>87.9% (83%-92%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>82.1%(76%-87%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>87.2% (82%-91%)</td></tr></table>

-

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Inter-Reader/Intre-Modality(M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pathologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=12>.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3t</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>·19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=9></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>02+2+</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=20></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% Cl)(Trichotomous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>83.4% (78%-88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>73.4% (67%-79%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>82.4% (76%-87%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>74.4% (68%-80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>83.5% (78%-88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>64.4% (57%-71%)</td></tr></table>

Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality on Digital (M-WSI) between four (4) pathologists  Trichotomous score categories

To calculate the negative & positive percent agreements, the $4 \mathbf { x } 4$ binary agreements are binned into a $2 \mathbf { x } 2$ table with $0 / 1 +$ (Negative) combined and $2 + 3 +$ (Positive) combined. Since neither pathologist can be considered a reference in each pairwise reader comparison, analysis for negative and positive score categories is provided as Average Negative Agreement (ANA) and Average Positive Agreement (APA).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality(MM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pethologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=6>83  . 5    85     38    103    24    83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=6></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=10></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall PercentAgreement(95% C1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91.0%(86%-94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93.5%(89%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.7%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93.5%(89%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.2%(81%-90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89.7%(85%-93%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Average PositiveAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89.9%(85%-94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92.9%(88%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.9%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92.7%(88%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.3%(81%-90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90.0%(85%-93%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Average NegativeAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91.8%(87%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.0%(90%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.5%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.1%(90%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.0%(80%-90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89.5%(84%-93%)</td></tr></table>

Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality on Glass (MM) between four (4) pathologists - Binary score categories

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality|(M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologlst 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pathologist 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Nes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NeB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pathologlst 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=7>62    26    83    10    111   24    80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=7></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=11></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall PercentAgreement(95% CI}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>89.9%(85%-93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>83.9%(78%-88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.7%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.9%(82%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.7%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>73.9%(67%-80%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Average PositiveAgreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>88.9%(83%-93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>79.2%(72%-85%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87.2%(82%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>82.7%(76%-88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.9%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>70.3%(63%-77%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Average NegativeAgreemont(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>90.8%(86%-94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.9%(82%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.2%(80%-90%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89.5%(85%-93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.5%(81%-91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>76.8%(71%-82%)</td></tr></table>

Inter-Reader/Intra-Modality on Digital (M-WSI) between four (4) pathologists  Binary score categories

The inter-modality/intra-reader agreement results evaluating glass vs. digital (MM vs. MWSI) for all four (4) pathologists are shown below. The washout period between the glass and digital reads was a minimum of 2 weeks.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Inter-Modality/Intra-Reader(MM vs. M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=16>Glass (MM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Pathologist 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2t</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1t</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>.Digital (M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)(Trichotomous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>93.0% (89%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>85.0% (79%-89%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>70.9% (64%-77%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>91.4% (87%-95%)</td></tr></table>

Intra-Reader/Inter-Modality comparing agreement between glas and digital (MM vs. M. WSI) for each of the four 4) pathologists $\cdot$ Trichotomous score categories

To calculate the negative $\&$ positive percent agreements, the $4 { \bf x } 4$ binary agreement tables are binned into a ${ 2 \mathbf { x } 2 }$ table with $0 / 1 +$ (Negative) combined and $^ { 2 + / 3 + }$ (Positive) combined. Since the glass scores for each pathologist is used as their respective reference, the analysis is provided as Negative Percent Agreement (NPA) and Positive Percent Agreement (PPA), with the glass reads as the imperfect reference.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Inter-Modality/Intro-Reoder(MM VS. M-WSI}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Glass (MM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pathologist 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nog</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Net</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Digital (M-WSi)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overal Percent Agreement(95% CIl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92.5%(88%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91.5%(87%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89.4%(79%-89%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>93.0%(88%-96%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Percent Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.5%(88%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>89.9%(82%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>67.4%  (57%-76%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.3%(88%-97%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Percent Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>90.4%(82%-95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>92.8%(86%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100%(97%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>91.5%(83%-96%)</td></tr></table>

Intra-Reader/Inter-Modality comparing agreement between glass and digital (MM vs. M- WSI) for each of the four (4) pathologists  Binary score categories

The pairwise inter-reader/intra-modality percent agreements do not differ significantly between MM and M-WSI. Additionally, there are high percent agreements between MM and M-WSI for each pathologist when examined by binary or trichotomous score category.

# PRECISION & REPRODuCIBILITy

# Intra-Reader/Inter-Day

In order to compare the intra-reader variability on digital M-WSI, three (3) pathologist performed three (3) independent readings of a set of the HercepTestTM stained slides $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 0 )$ using the M-WSI modality. Each of the three reads was separated by a minimum one week wash out, with the inclusion of wildcards. The results are presented as both trichotomous and binary analysis, with additional negative and positive percent agreements (NPA and PPA).

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intra-Raader/Inter-Day(M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Reed 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Read 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Read 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>. Read 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Roed 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=11></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>−</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=2></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=9></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>·0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=11></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% CI)(Trichotomous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>62.5% (47%-76%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>77.5% (62%-88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>85.0% (71%-93%)</td></tr></table>

intra-Reader/Inter-Day on Digital (MM) for Pathologist 1 - Trichotomous score categories

Intra-Reader/Inter-Day on Digital (MM) for Pathologist 1 - Binary score categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intra-Reoder/Inter-Day{M-WSI)Pathologist 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Read 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Rood 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NeE</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall % Agreement(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>70.0% (55%-82%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>85.0% (71%-93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.0% (71%-93%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Nogative % Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>66.7% (50%-80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>85.7% (72%-93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0% (63%-90%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement(95% CIl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>72.7% (58%-84%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>84.2% (70%-93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0% (76%-94%)</td></tr></table>

Intra-Reader/Inter-Day on Digital (MM) for Pathologist 2 - Trichotomous score categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intra-Reader/Inter-Day(M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Read 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Read&#x27;3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Read 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4>.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=9></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% Cl)(Trichotomous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95.0% (83%-999%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5% (87%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>97.5% (87%-100%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intre-Reoder/tnter-Day(M-WSI)Pathologlst 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NeB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Read 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Road 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall % Agreement(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.0% (83%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.5% (87%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5% (87%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.1% (81%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.1% (85%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1% (85%-99%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive % Agreement(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.7% (85%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.8% (88%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8% (88%-100%)</td></tr></table>

Intra-Reader/Inter-Day on Digital (MM) for Pathologist 2 - Binary score categories

Intra-Reader/Inter-Day on Digital (MM) for Pathologist 3 - Trichotomous score categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intra-Reador/Inter-Day(M-WSI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Read 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Read 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Read 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=10></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=8></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=10></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Agreement (95% Cl)(Trichotomous}</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>90.0% (77%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>90.0% (77%-96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>95.0% (83%-99%)</td></tr></table>

Intra-Reader/Inter-Day on Digital (MM) for Pathofogist 3 - Binary score categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Intre-Reoder/Inter-Day(M-WSI)Pathotogist 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Read 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reed 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pas</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reod 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reod 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nog</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall % Agreement(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>97.5% (87%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (91%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5% (87%-100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative % Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95.7% (79%-99%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (85%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7% (79%-99%) .</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Posltive % Agreement(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>98.2% (91%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.0% (94%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2% (91%-100%)</td></tr></table>

# InTER-SCANNER/InTRA-REAdER

To determine the scanner-to-scanner variability, we performed a subjective inter-scanner study. A set of 80 regions of interest (ROIs) extracted from WSIs of forty (40) HercepTestTM slides, with even distribution of the score categories, were obtained from three (3) different scanners. The three scanners were located in three different laboratory locations within GE Healthcare and operated by three independent operators. Each read session (for each scanner) was separated by a minimum of 1 week washout period, with the inclusion of wildcard ROIs during each scanner's ROI reads. All ROIs were manually scored by a single pathologist based on the Dako HercepTestTM scoring guidelines. Percent agreement between each of the scanner pairs were determined based on the ROI scores.

Inter-Scanner/Intra-Reader Agreement using Region of Interests (ROIs) obtained from 3 VIA scanners and scored by a single pathologist (Pathologist 2) - Trichotomous score categories   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Inter-Scanner/Intra-Reader</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Scanner 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Scanner 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Scanner 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Scanner 1:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Scanner 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=9></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Agreement (95% Cl)(Trichotomous)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95.0% (88%-98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>•88.8% (80%-94%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>91.3% (83%-96%)</td></tr></table>

When analyzed trichotomously $( 0 / 1 + , 2 +$ and $^ { 3 + }$ ), the inter-scanner/intra-reader variability had high percent agreement across all pairwise scanner comparisons. This data indicates a very high reproducibility among scanners and further suggests that M-WSI inter-scanner variability is primarily due to the subjectivity of score interpretation of the readers and not by scanner to scanner variability.

# 9 SUMMary Of OTHeR InfORMatioN

This submission included a comparison of intended use statements, proposed product labeling, software validation and summary information and labeling on predicate devices.

# 10. Conclusions Drawn from Non-Clinial and Clinical Tests

Based on the information provided in this 510(k), Omnyx believes that the proposed Omnyx Manual Read of the Digital HER2 Application is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared predicate products. The proposed device raises no new issues of safety and effectiveness. The non-clinical and clinical testing performed demonstrates that the proposed device met all the specifications and is suitable for its intended use.

# April 1, 2014

Omnyx, LLC.   
c/o Gail E. Radcliffe. Ph.D. AptivSolutions   
62 Forest Street, Suite 300 Marlborough, MA 01752

Re: K131140 Trade/Device Name: OmnyxManual Read of the Digital HER2 Application Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.1860 Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits Regulatory Class: II Product Code: OEO Dated: March 12, 2014 Received: March 13, 2014

Dear Dr. Radcliffe:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s } } 1 0 ( { \mathfrak { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may Dublish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-— Gail E. Radcliffe

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.9 For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# ReenaDNip -S

for

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K131140

Indications for use (uescriDe) The Omx Manual Read of the Digal HER Appliction on the Omx IDP Syst is intend or in vitodiaostic S) n   H

Te O Ml Rca e Dl HER Apn the   Syst   s n pen quiveER/-nm cancer ssue immunohistochemically stained with the Dako HercepTest and viewed on a compuler monior.

The Dako HercepTest is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

# FORFDA'USE ONLY 5..' \*I' \$ ^

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burentime orhis coletion  noation is tatd toveraours per esn cde time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."