# 510(K) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

K132978

A. Submitter

Sequenom, Inc. 3595 John Hopkins Court San Diego, California 92121

Contact

Robin Weiner   
Senior Vice President, Quality and Regulatory. Affairs Sequenom, Inc.   
Telephone: (858) 202-9044   
Telefax: (858) 202-9020   
Email: rweiner@sequenom.com

Date Prepared

June 12, 2014

# B. Device Names and Regulatory Information

ASSAY Common or Usual Name: Proprietary Name Classification Name

Factor V Leiden and Factor I genotyping test   
IMPACT $\mathsf { D x } ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test   
Factor V Leiden DNA mutation detection systems (21 CFR   
864.7280)   
Class II   
PHJ: System, mass spectrometry, multiplex genotyping, hereditary   
thrombophilia related mutations   
Hematology (81)

Classification Product Code

Panel

C. Predicate Devices

ASSAY

Roche Factor V Leiden Kit (K033607) Roche Factor II (Prothrombin) G20210A Kit (K0336i2)

INSTRUMENT

Roche LightCycler® (K033734) AutoGenomics INFINITI™M System (K060564)

# D. Device Description

IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor Il Genotyping Test Overview

The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor I Genotyping Test is a qualitative, multiplexed genetic testing device for parallel detection and genotyping of the point mutations G1691A of the Factor V gene and G20210A of the Factor II gene from genomic DNA isolated from EDTA anti- coagulated human whole blood samples. The test is to be performed on the IMPACT Dx System.

The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test is performed using the IMPACT Dx System, which includes the IMPACT Dx NANO and the IMPACT Dx MA, a matrix-assisted laser desorption /ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometer. The test involves Factor V and Factor II region-specific polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification of genomic DNA purified from human whole blood in a multiplexed reaction, followed by allele-specific single base primer extension reactions. The reaction products are desalted, dispensed onto a SpectroCHIP $\mathfrak { W }$ Array using the IMPACT Dx NANO, and the genotyping products are resolved on the basis of mass using the IMPACT Dx MA.

The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test provides reagents for multiplex PCR, deoxynucleotide triphosphate dephosphorylation, and single base extension. The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test is comprised of the following components:

IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Primer Set • IMPACT Dx PCR Reagent Set IMPACT Dx Extend Reagent Set

The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test utilizes a biochemistry process (Sequenom Biochemistry) that involves target-specific PCR amplification and single-base extension reactions with the subsequent analysis of the reaction products of the target nucleic acids by matrixassisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS).

# IMPACT Dx System Overview

The IMPACT Dx System (System) is a platform or highly accurate and sensitive genomic analysis and is designed for use with FDA cleared or approved assays citing its use. The IMPACT Dx System is comprised of the following instruments, software and consumables:

IMPACt Dx Nano (nano)   
o iMPACt Dx Ma (Ma)   
. TYPER Dx Software (TYPER Dx) System Consumables $\circ$ EPY SpectroCHIP® Arrays (Chip) $\circ$ Clean Resin 3-Point Calibrant (Calibrant)

The System is intended to be used by trained operators in a professional laboratory to perform the following key tasks:

De-salt (using Clean Resin) amplified nucleic acid samples, upon completion of polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and single-base extension reactions following the instructions provided in the Sequenom test-specific package insert; Transfer (using the IMPACT Dx NANO) de-salted nucleic acid samples from a microtiter plate onto a disposable 96-pad sample Chip;   
• Obtain mass spectra (using the IMPACT Dx MA) from samples and 3-Point Calibrant on a Chip: and   
Analyze (using the TYPER Dx software) the mass spectra of the samples for genotyping results.

The IMPACT Dx System accomplishes genomic analysis and genotyping testing by coupling a biochemistry process (Sequenom biochemistry) that involves target-specific PCR amplification and single-base extension reactions with the subsequent analysis of the reaction products of the target nucleic acids by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS). This biochemistry process is homogeneous and does not require purification of the PCR products or the extension products and thus is very amenable to high-throughput genotyping testing.

# IMPACT Dx NaNO

The IMPACT Dx NANO is a self-contained, enclosed instrument that uses computer-controlled robotics to transfer nanoliter volumes of analyte from a 96-well microtiter plate onto a Chip, which is subsequently processed by means of MALDI-TOF MS analysis on the IMPACT Dx MA. This instrument includes an integrated computer pre-loaded with the Nanodispenser software and provides a simple touch-screen interface for users.

# IMPACT Dx MA

The IMPACT Dx MA is a bench top mass spectrometer that processes analyte-loaded Chips by means of MALDI-TOF MS analysis. This instrument includes an integrated computer pre-loaded with the TYPER Dx software, a monitor, and a firewall for secure communication with the IMPACT Dx NANO. The main function of the IMPACT Dx MA is to acquire mass spectra from analytes that have been transferred onto a Chip, which has a chemical matrix on each pad. The mass spectra are captured and further analyzed by the TYPER Dx software.

# TYPER Dx Software

The TYPER Dx software (TYPER Dx) manages the processing of Sequenom genotyping tests. It is deployed on the computer embedded within the IMPACT Dx MA.

The TYPER Dx software provides the following key functions:

Allows users to create and manage panel runs; Monitors analyte transfer activities on the IMPACT Dx NANO;   
0 Controls user-initiated, automated mass spectrum acquisition runs on the IMPACT Dx MA;   
0 Analyzes the mass spectra acquired by the IMPACT Dx MA and makes genotype calls per a testspecific algorithm; Enables users to view and export results; and Allows an administrator to manage users to ensure secure access to the IMPACT Dx MA and panel run data.

# E. Intended Use

The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic device intended for use in the detection and genotyping of a single point mutation (G1691A, referred to as the Factor V Leiden mutation or FVL) of the Factor V gene, located on Chromosome lq23, and a single point mutation (G20210A) of the prothrombin gene (referred to as Factor II or FII), located on Chromosome 11p11-q12, from genomic DNA isolated from EDTA anti-coagulated human whole blood samples. The test is to be performed on the IMPACT Dx System and is indicated for use as an aid in the diagnosis of patients with suspected thrombophilia.

# F. Comparison with Predicate Devices

# ASSAY

The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor I Genotyping Test is substantially equivalent to the gally marketed predicate devices.These devices have the same intended use and indications for use and similar of the Factor V and Factor I genes, with essentially the same performance characteristics. They use different signal detection methodologies and run on different instrumentation platforms; however,all are based on similar technological principles. Table F.1 below presents the similarities and differences between the assay and the predicate devices.

Table F.1 Substantial Equivalence - Comparison to Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPACT Dx Factor VLeiden and Factor IIGenotyping Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Factor V Leiden Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Factor II(Prothrombin) G20210AKit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K132978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K033607</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K033612</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotyping Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotyping Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotyping Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor I and Factor V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-nucleotidepolymorphism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-nucleotide  polymorphism</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-nucleotidepolymorphism</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended User</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Health Care Professional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Health Care Professional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Health Care Professional</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative in vitrodiagnostic genotyping testfor the detection of Factor IIand Factor V alleles fromEDTA anti-coagulatedhuman whole blood samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative in vitrodiagnostic genotyping testfor the detection Factor Vonly in EDTA anti-coagulated whole bloodsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative in vitrodiagnostic genotyping testfor the detection of Factor IIonly in EDTA anti-coagulated whole bloodsamples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aid in the diagnosis ofpatients with suspectedthrombophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aid in the diagnosis ofpatients with suspectedthrombophilia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aid in the diagnosis ofpatients with suspectedthrombophilia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified DNA from humanblood samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified DNA from humanblood samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified DNA from humanblood samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technological DetectionPrinciples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotyping test forsimultaneous detection(multiplex system) of PCR-amplified DNA sequences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotyping test for PCR-amplified DNA sequences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genotyping test for PCR-amplified DNA sequences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA extraction andpurification performed off-line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA extraction andpurification performed off-line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA extraction andpurification performed off-line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oligonucleotide probes andprimers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific for Factor V Leiden(G1691A) and Factor IIG20210A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific for Factor V LeidenG191A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific for Factor II(prothrombin G20210A)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SNP discrimination byallele-specific singlenucleotide extension coupledwith MALDI-TOF massspectrometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorogenic detection ofPCR-amplification productsby melting curve analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorogenic detection ofPCR-amplification productsby melting curve analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 allele copies (0.67 nginput DNA/reaction)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FV: 50 allele copies /reaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FII: 50 allele copies /reaction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IMPACT Dx System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche LightCycler</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche LightCycler</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal control per sampleplus external positive andnegative controls requiredper run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External positive andnegative controls requiredper run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External positive andnegative controls requiredper run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bi-directional DNAsequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA sequencing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DNA sequencing</td></tr></table>

# INSTRUMENT

The IMPACT Dx System is substantially equivalent to the currently legally marketed predicate devices. These devices have the same intended use and similar technological characteristics and principles of operation. They are PCR-based genotyping instruments using detection of single nucleotide polymorphisms and have essentially the same performance characteristics. Table F.2 below presents the similarities and differences between the IMPACT Dx System and predicate devices.

Table F.2 Substantial Equivalence - Comparison with Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SequenomIMPACT DxT System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RocheLightCycler</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoGenomicsINFINITI™M System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K132978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K033734</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K060564</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simultaneous, qualitativedetection of multipleanalytes in a PCR amplifiedgenomic DNA sampleutilizing MALDI-TOF MS.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A fully aulomatedamplification and detectionsystem for nucleic acidsusing fluorescencedetection.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Designed to measurefluorescence signals oflabeled DNA targethybridized to BioFilmChipmicroarrays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended User</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified nucleic acids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified nucleic acids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified nucleic acids</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed off-line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed off-line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed off-line</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MALDI-TOF detection(multiplex system) of PCR-amplified DNA sequences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorogenic detection ofPCR-amplified DNAfragments by melting curveanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorogenic detection(multiplex system) of PCR-amplified DNA fragments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mass spectrometric analysisof target-specificsequences.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optical detection ofstimulated fluorescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optical detection ofsimulated fluorescence</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single-base extensionreactions with thesubsequent analysis usingMALDI-TOF MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paired hybridization probesusing fluorescenceresonance energy transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct fluorescence</td></tr></table>

# G. Non-clinical Bench Data

A series of internal and external analytical studies were conducted which demonstrated that the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor Il Genotyping Test has equivalent performance compared to the predicate devices with respect to analytical sensitivity, analytical specificity, reproducibility and potential interfering substances and mutations.In addition, sudis were conducted to verify that sample-to-sample contamination did not occur during the test procedure when used with the IMPACT Dx System. Lastly, in a study using resh EDTA anti-coagulated whole blood samples collected from normal human subjects, DNA was extracted using the recommended DNA extraction method. The IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test demonstrated $100 \%$ concordance with the reference bi-directional sequencing method on genotypes of both Factor II and Factor $V$ genes.

# Analytical Specificity

To determine the specificity of the extension primers, the extension primers were evaluated individually in the extension reactions using 13 clinical genomic DNA from patient samples encompassing all relevant genotypes for Factor VL and Factor II. All clinical samples produced the expected genotype calls, in respect to the extension primer under evaluation. When all extension primers in the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor I Genotyping Test were evaluated together, similarly, all clinical samples produced the expected genotype calls for both FII and FVL.

# Interfering Mutations

In studies to evaluate the effect of mutations in close proximity to genotyping at locus 1691 of the FVL gene, as well as locus 20210 on the FI gene, the variants were tested in each of the 4 reactions.No FVL or FII genotype will be reported on the patient specimens when the Factor V forward assay fails to produce a genotype call due to the presence of an interfering $1 6 9 0 ~ \mathrm { C } { > } \mathrm { T }$ or $1 6 9 2 \mathrm { A } { > } \mathrm { C }$ or on a patient specimen when the Factor I forward assay fails to produce a genotype call due to the presence of either the $2 0 2 0 7 \mathrm { A } { > } \mathrm { C }$ or $2 0 2 0 9 \mathrm { C } { > } \mathrm { T }$ interfering mutations. No miscal or nexpected cll fo any of the samples was observed during the evaluation.

# Analytical Sensitivity

Clinical genomic DNA obtained from patient samples encompassing all relevant genotypes for Factor V and Factor II genes were used to determine the limits of detection of the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test. A series dilution of input DNA levels ranging from $2 5 \ \mathrm { { n g } }$ down to 0.0015 ng was used. The limit of detection was very similar for wild type, heterozygous and homozygous mutant alleles for both loci, and is 0.67 ng per reaction. The recommended input DNA level is $2 5 \ 1 7 \mathrm { { g } }$ per reaction.

# Carry-over Contamination

A study to evaluate cross containination and carry-over was conducted with a panel of $3 ,$ clinical genomic DNA samples and a no template control sample. No cross contamination or carry-over was observed as all the no template control samples produced the expected no-call results after the runs.

# Interferences

Leukocyte-depleted whole blood specimens spiked with cell lines from individuals encompassing all relevant genotypes for both the Factor V and Factor I genes were used in this evaluation.The follown substances, at the concentrations listed below, were evaluated or ther potential interfering effecton the test results.

• Hemoglobin, $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   
. K2-EDTA, $3 . 4 ~ \mu \mathrm { M }$ Heparin, 3000 units/L   
. Cholesterol, 500 mg/dL j Bilirubin, 60 mg/dL   
• Ethanol, $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

These substances are representative of metabolites produced during pathological conditions (endogenous) or compounds introduced during sample preparation (exogenous). All the substances were added to whole blood samples before genomic DNA extraction, except ethanol, which was added after the DNA extraction. None of the substances tested adversely impacted the performance of the IMPACT Dx test.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test was assessed at three external clinical sites. Twelve human genomic DNA samples, including all genotypes (wild type (GG), heterozygous mutant (GA) and homozygous mutant (AA) for both FV and FII genes) were used in this study. Each DNA sample was tested in singlet by each of 3 sites using one discrete IMPACT Dx System at each site. Two operators each conducted 5 runs on 5 non-consecutive days for a total of 10 testing runs per sie.The number of correct calls, defined as the number of samples yielding the expected genotypes for both FV and FIl genes, no call and mis-calls were calculated for each operator, and all sites and operators combined. All operators, except one, from all 3 sites produced $100 \%$ agreement between the genotypes after all no call results were retested.One operator (Operator 2, Site 1) had 2 samples yielding repeated no calls; there were no mis-calls.

# H. Clinical Data

In a method comparison study, 860 clinical samples were tested in the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test and compared to bi-directional sequencing reference method. Table H. I presents the percent agreement between the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test and the reference method along with the respective lower confidence boundary (LCB) of the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval (Cl) for Factor II. Table H.2 presents similar information for Factor V.

The test demonstrated an overall percentage agreement of $9 9 . 4 \%$ (CI: $9 8 . 6 - 9 9 . 8 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ (CI: 98.5 $- 9 9 . 7 \% )$ for the Factor II and Factor V genes, respectively, with the reference method.

Table H.1 Comparison of the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor I Genotyping Test and DNA Sequencing Results - Factor II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GenotypeBySequencing</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>#Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Number of FII Calls Before Repeat Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Number of Fll Call After Repeat Testing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#NoCa alls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#MissedCalls^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># NoCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#MissedCalls²}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># RepeatSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB{$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wild Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>762</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>747</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterozygous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homozygous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>859</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>843</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td></tr></table>

Table H.2 Comparison of the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor I Genotyping Test and DNA Sequencing Results -Factor V   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>GenotypeBySequencing</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>#Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Number of FVL Calls Before Repeat Testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Number of FVL Calls After Repeat Testing     •</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># NoCaalls&#x27;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#MissedCalls^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB^</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrectCalls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># NoCa alls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#MissedCalls^²}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># RepeatSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%LCB$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wild Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>697</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>706</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heterozygous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homozygous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>860</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>842</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td></tr></table>

When the heterozygous and homozygous mutant genotypes are combined into one "Positive".category and compared to one "Negative" (wild type) category, the test demonstrated a positive percent agreement or clinical sensitivity of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 6 . 3 - 1 0 0 . 0 \% )$ and a negative percent agreement or clinical specificity of $9 9 . 3 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 8 . 5 - 9 9 . 8 \%$ for Factor II.Smilarly, for Factor V, positive percent agreement or clinical sensitivity was $9 8 . 7 \%$ $9 5 \%$ CI: $9 5 . 3 - 9 9 . 8 \% _ { j }$ , and negative percent agreement or clinical specificity was $9 9 . 4 \%$ $9 5 \%$ Cl: $9 8 . 6 - 9 9 . 8 \% $ for Factor V.

# I. Conclusion

The intended use of the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test is to measure a single point mutation (G1691A, referred to as the Factor V Leiden mutation or FVL) of the Factor V gene, located on Chromosome 1q23, and a single point mutation (G20210A) of the prothrombin gene (referred to as Factor Il or FII), located on Chromosome 1 1p11-q12, from genomic DNA isolated from EDTA anti-coagulated human whole blood samples as an aid in the diagnosis of patients with suspected thrombophilia.

Performance data demonstrate that the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test using the IMPACT Dx System is as safe and effective as predicate devices. Thus the IMPACT Dx System and the IMPACT Dx Factor V Leiden and Factor  Genotyping Test are substantially equivalent to the other legally marketed devices, supporting premarket $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ clearance.

# June 13, 2014

Sequenom, Inc.   
Ms. Robin Weiner   
Senior Vice President, Quality and Regulatory Affairs 3595 John Hopkins Court   
San Diego, CA 92121

Re: K132978 Trade/Device Name: IMPACT $\mathsf { D } \times ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ Factor V Leiden and Factor II Genotyping Test on the IMPACT $\mathbf { D } \mathbf { x } ^ { \mathsf { T M } }$ System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7280 Regulation Name: Factor V Leiden DNA Mutation Detection Systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PHJ Dated: May 13, 2014 Received: May 14, 2014

Dear Ms. Weiner:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above)into either class II (Special Controls)or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be in e Code Federal Regulations, T  0 o dition, y publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Par1 820); and if applicable, the elecironic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), pleasc go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education al its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Reena Philip -S

Reena Philip, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K132978

Device Name MPACT $\mathbf { D } { \pmb x } ^ { \mathbf { I } \pmb { \mathbb { M } } }$ Faor Li Fc oyphe

# Indications for Use (Describe)

Te     ivv FVL ne referd o as Factor I or FI) cateon Chroe 1p111, frm enicNA olate fromEDTAcla who bo Te  s    e M  Ss as n id he dignoss patient with sspeced throohia

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

Donna M. Roscoe -S

This section applies only to requtrements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burdn tme for this collction of informaton is estmated to average 79 hours per response, includin e tme to review nstructons, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding thls burden estimate or any other aspect o nationcollectioninci  uc ur

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of Information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."