# DIAZYME LABORATORIES DR. ABHIJIT DATTA 12889 GREGG COURT POWAY CA 92064

Re: K133803 Trade/Device Name: Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein POC Test Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LCP Dated: July 9, 2014 Received: July 10, 2014

Dear Dr. Datta:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

# Stayce Beck -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY & SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON

Summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

# Submitter’s name:

Diazyme Laboratories

Submitter’s address:

12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

# Name of Contact Person:

Dr. Abhijit Datta Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 Phone: 858-455-4762 Fax: 858-455-2120

abhijit.datta@diazyme.com

# Date the Summary was Prepared

July 9, 2014

# Name of Device

Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein POC Test Kit

Trade Name

Diazyme GSP POC Test Kit

Common/Usual Name

Diazyme GSP POC Test Kit

Device Classification Name

Assay, Glycosylated Hemoglobin

# Product Code

LCP

# Panel

Clinical Chemistry

# Submission Type

Traditional 510k

Regulation Number

864.7470 – Glycosylated hemoglobin assay

Device Class

Class II

# Predicate Device

Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein (GSP) Assay (k110188)   
Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Calibrator Kit (k110188)   
Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Control Kit (k110188)

# Manufacturing Address

Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92121 USA

# Establishment Registration

2032900

# Executive Summary

Detailed performance characteristics and comparison analysis are given in this filing that demonstrates substantial equivalence of the GSP POC Assay Kit to predicate device that is currently being marketed. The performance characteristics of the GSP POC Assay Kit are substantially similar to that of the approved predicate device (k110188). Performance data and risk analysis indicates that differences should not affect the safety and effectiveness of the GSP POC Assay and offers POL users an in vitro diagnostic device system to measure GSP in human serum samples.

# Device Description:

# Clinical Significance

Fructosamine is formed due to a non-enzymatic Maillard reaction between glucose and amino acid residues of serum proteins. It is reported in medical literature that $80 \%$ of measured glycated serum proteins are glycated albumins. In diabetic patients, elevated blood glucose levels correlate with increased fructosamine formation. Glycated serum proteins (GSP; fructosamine) are a medium term indicator of diabetic control (2-3 weeks).

# Assay Principle

The Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein POC Assay uses proteinase K to digest GSP into low molecular weight glycated protein fragments (GPF), and uses Diazyme’s specific fructosamiaseTM , a microorganisms originated amadoriase to catalyze the oxidative degradation of Amadori product GPF to yield peptide fragments (PF) or amino acids, glucosone and $\mathrm { H } _ { 2 } \mathrm { O } _ { 2 }$ . The $\mathrm { H } _ { 2 } \mathrm { O } _ { 2 }$ released is measured by a colorimetric Trinder end-point reaction. The absorbance at $5 4 6 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ is proportional to the concentration of glycated serum proteins. The SMART analyzer calculates the GSP concentrations of patient serum specimens by use of a lot specific calibration curve. The lot specific curve is represented in a Calibration card (RFID) provided with each GSP POC Test Kit.

SMART Analyzer (K092911) is a compact cuvette based spectrophotometer (10 inches x 5.5 inches $\texttt { X } 5 . 5$ inches) machine for point-of-care testing designed to analyze readings from single use reagent cuvette. The instrument only uses the Diazyme Reagent System (DRS) cuvette and caps and performs assay with a preprogrammed Radio Frequency ID (RFID) card. The DRS cuvette is supplied prefilled with Reagent 1 (R1) and the DRS cap is supplied prefilled with Reagent 2 (R2). The DRS cuvette and caps are kept separate until use. Users are instructed (see proposed labeling) to add $4 0 \mu \mathrm { l }$ of sample to the DRS cuvette prefilled with R1 containing proper buffer. Users are then instructed to snap in place DRS cap and insert into analyzer. The instrument warms the cuvette to $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and after a predefined period adds the reagent R2 found in the DRS cap. The reagents and samples are mixed magnetically and absorbance readings are taken at $5 4 6 \mathrm { n m }$ . The lot specific RFID card contains reagent addition time, mixing time, reading time and lot specific calibration curve.

The Diazyme GSP POC Test Kit system thus consists of the following:

• GSP POC Test Kit. Reagents are provided in prefilled tubes, cuvettes and cuvette caps. The DRS cuvette and cuvette caps can only work with the SMART analyzer.

# Indications for Use

The Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein POC Test Kit is intended for the quantitative determination of glycated serum proteins (GSP; fructosamine) in serum. Fructosamine is representative of blood glucose levels over the course of 2-3 weeks. The measurement of glycated serum proteins is useful for monitoring diabetic patients. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Predicate k110188</td><td>Candidate device</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay Kit in conjunction with Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein single calibrator, are intended for the quantitative determination of glycated serum proteins (GSP; glycated albumins; fructosamine) in serum. The measurement of glycated serum proteins is useful for monitoring diabetic patients</td><td>The Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein POC Test Kit is intended for the quantitative determination of glycated serum proteins (GSP; fructosamine) in serum. Fructosamine is representative of blood glucose levels over the course of 2-3 weeks. The measurement of glycated serum proteins is useful for monitoring diabetic patients. For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td>Similar</td></tr></table>

# Principle

<table><tr><td>Predicate k110188</td><td>Candidate device</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>The Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein Assay uses Proteinase K to digest Gly- cated Serum Proteins (GSP) into low molecular weight glycated protein fragments (GPF), and uses Diazyme&#x27;s specific fructosaminaseTM, a microor- ganism originated amadoriase to cata- lyze the oxidative degradation of Amadori product GPF to yield PF or amino acids, glucosone and H2O2. The H2O2 released is measured by a color- imetric Trinder end-point reaction. The absorbance at 600 nm is proportional to the concentration of glycated serum</td><td>The Diazyme Glycated Serum Protein POC Assay uses proteinase K to digest GSP into low molecular weight gly- cated protein fragments (GPF), and us- es Diazyme&#x27;s specific fructosami- aseTM, a microorganisms originated amadoriase to catalyze the oxidative degradation of Amadori product GPF to yield peptide fragments (PF) or amino acids, glucosone and H2O2. The H202 released is measured by a colorimetric Trinder end-point reaction. The absorb- ance at 546 nm is proportional to the Test Kit.</td><td rowspan="2">Similar</td></tr><tr><td>proteins.</td><td>concentration of glycated serum pro- teins. The SMART analyzer calculates the GSP concentrations of patient se- rum specimens by use of a lot specific calibration curve. The lot specific curve is represented in a Calibration card (RFID) provided with each GSP POC</td></tr></table>

# Test Objective

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k110188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro quantitative determina-tion of glycated serum proteins (GSP;glycated albumins; fructosamine) inhuman serum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the in vitro quantitative deter-mination of glycated serum proteins(GSP; glycated albumins; fructosamine)in human serum.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Type of Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k110188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Methodology

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k110188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Specimen

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k110188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Product Type

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k110188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Reagents Liquid (ready-to-use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prefilled ready to use DRS Cuvettes, lotspecific RFID calibration card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar</td></tr></table>

# Performance

<table><tr><td>Predicate k110188</td><td>Candidate device</td></tr><tr><td>Linear Range: up to 1354 µmol/L</td><td>Linear Range: 61 to 1348 µmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Precision: Within: &lt; 2.0 % CV</td><td>Within precision ≤ 5.6 % CV</td></tr><tr><td>Total: &lt; 2.0 % CV</td><td>Total Precision: ≤ 6.1 % CV</td></tr><tr><td>Method comparison with predicate:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Correlation Coefficient: 0.9966</td><td>Accuracy: Correlation Coefficient: 0.99</td></tr><tr><td>Slope/Intercept: 0.9542/14.57</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Slope/Intercept: y = 0.97/ 0.69</td></tr></table>

# Calibrator Comparison

<table><tr><td>Predicate k110188</td><td>Candidate device</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Separately packaged calibrator kit. User steps needed to use calibrators. The instrument calculates the GSP</td><td>Each kit has individual lot specific RFID preprogrammed calibration card. User steps limited to insertion in SMART analyzer.</td><td rowspan="2">Similar</td></tr><tr><td>The instrument calculates the GSP concentration of a patient specimen by</td></tr><tr><td>concentration of a patient specimen by interpolation of the obtained signal on a 2 point calibration curve</td><td>use of a lot specific calibration curve that is stored in an RFID card provided with each GSP POC kit.</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Control Comparison

Control material is the same as predicate device k110188

# Summary of Assay Kit Components

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate k110188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit can be used on automated chemistry ana-lyzers using validated parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit can ONLY be used with SMARTanalyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 11 bottle•  Enzyme/substrate reagent containingGood&#x27;s Buffer, 4-AA, enzymes, andstabilizers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 140 DRS cuvette (prefilled) with reagent R1•  Enzyme/substrate reagent containingTris.HCl buffer, 4-AA, Enzymes andstabilizers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 21 bottle•  Enzyme/substrate reagent containingGood&#x27;s Buffer, enzymes, TOOS, HRP,Geneticin, and stabilizers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 240 DRS caps (prefilled)•  Enzyme/substrate reagent containingTris.HCl buffer, enzymes, TOOS,HRP, Geneticin, and stabilizers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 1 and 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x preprogrammed lot specific RFID card ineach kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set (same as predicate k110188)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0 mL Control 1(buffer based liquid,ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0 mL Control 1(buffer based liquid,ready to use)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0 mL Control 2(buffer based liquid,ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0 mL Control 2 (buffer based liquid,ready to use)</td></tr></table>

Equipment needed for Diazyme GSP POC Test Kit:

SMART Analyzer (K092911).

Special conditions for use statement(s):

• For prescription use only

Special instrument requirements:

• For use on SMART Analyzer only

# Performance Characteristics:

# Precision Study

The precision of the Diazyme GSP Assay was evaluated according to CLSI EP5-A guideline. In the study, 5 serum samples containing about 87, 226, 479, 743, and $1 2 4 3 ~ { \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } }$ fructosamine, respectively, were tested 2 runs per day in duplicates over 20 working days.

The mean value (Mean), standard deviation, within-run imprecision and total imprecision are calculated and summarized in the following tables:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun SD(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD(mg/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>743</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr></table>

# LOB/LOD/LOQ

$\mathrm { L O B } = 1 2 \ \mathrm { \mu m o l / L }$ ; The $\mathrm { L O D } = 3 0 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ and $\mathrm { L O Q } = 6 1 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$

# Linearity/assay reportable range:

Twelve levels of linearity set were prepared by diluting a sample containing $1 3 4 8 ~ { \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } }$ Fructosamine with low sample with $2 ~ { \mu \mathrm { m o l / L } }$ Fructosamine according to CLSI EP6-A and analyzed on SMART Analyzer. Results indicated linearity from 2 to $1 3 4 8 ~ \mathrm { \textmu m o l / L }$ . Allowable systematic error (SEA) was $4 . 9 \%$ .

# Interference:

The common interfering substances had no significant interference up to the concentrations summarized below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin Conjugated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2400 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Total Protein</td><td>12 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Comparison studies:

A total of forty nine serum specimens were tested with Diazyme GSP POC Test on SMART analyzer. The correspondent plasma samples were tested with Diazyme GSP Assay on Hitachi 917 analyzer (predicate k110188).

The regression results are summarized in the following table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9737 (95%CI:0.95599-0.9944)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6859 (95% CI: -4.7287-7.8918)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation coefficient, r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9975 (95%CI:0.9956-0.9985)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of values (μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0 to 1269</td></tr></table>

# Expected value/Reference range

Previously established for predicate device (k110188)

Adults $( > 1 8$ years) have a reported normal range of $1 9 1 { - } 2 8 9 ~ \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ . It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own reference range to reflect the age, sex, diet and geographical location of the population.