# 510(K) Summary

SEBIA's manufacturing and corporate office is located at:

Parc Technologique Léonard de Vinci,   
Rue Léonard de Vinci   
CP 8010 LISSES   
91008 EVRY Cedex, FRANCE

Phone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80; Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78

In the United States, the product will be distributed by:

SEBIA Inc. Suite 400 - 1705 Corporate drive NORCROSS GA 30093, USA Phone 770 446 - 3707; Fax 770 446 - 8511 Contact person: Karen Anderson Prepared on March 26, 2014

Product/Device Names:

MINICAP Hb A1c (PN 2215), MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING (PN 1232), Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators (PN 4755), Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (PN 4774)

# Common Name:

glycosylated hemoglobin

Product Regulation Name: glycosylated hemoglobin assay

The MINICAP Hb A1c type of devices/assays are classified by FDA as Class I, under Regulation No. 21 CFR 864.7470. SEBIA is seeking clearance to import the assay described above, and by this submission is notifying FDA of its intent to market these products in the United States.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7470Glycosylatedhemoglobin assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1150Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I, Reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1660Quality controlmaterial (assayedand unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry (75)</td></tr></table>

Product Nomenclature: HEMOGLOBINS A1C BY CAPILLARY ELECTROPHORESIS

Establishment Registration Number: 8023024

STANDARDS: MINICAP Hb A1c test is standardized according to NGSP and IFCC requirements/guidelines.

This submission is limited to the MINICAP Hb A1c kit (PN 2215) using the MINICAP FLEXPIERCING instrument (PN 1232) and the performance using the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (PN 4774) with the system and Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators (PN 4755)

The SEBIA Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (PN 4774) and Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators (PN 4755) were FDA cleared (K122101), December 6, 2012.

# Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Devices:

For the separation and quantification of the Hb A1c glycated fraction of hemoglobin in human blood, by capillary electrophoresis in an alkaline buffer using the MINICAP Hb A1c kit with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument.

The new device, MINICAP Hb A1c procedure using the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument, utilizes the previous cleared SEBIA Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (K122101).

The performance of the MINICAP. Hb A1c kit using the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument, Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls was compared to the predicate device, CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit using the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument, the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (K122101).

Both the new device (MINICAP Hb A1c kit & MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument using the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls) and the predicate device (CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit & CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument using the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls) use capillary electrophoresis technology. The devices compared were found to be substantially equivalent in function, concept, principle, technique, use, safety and effectiveness.

The 510(K) number of the predicate device, CAPILLARYS Hb A1c using CAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCING instrument, the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and the Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls predicate device, was FDA cleared as K122101 on December 6, 2012.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>510K Table of Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clearance Date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS Hb A1cCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX PIERCING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K122101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 6, 2012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K122101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 6, 2012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K122101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 6, 2012</td></tr></table>

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument is an automated analyzer which performs a complete hemoglobin profile for the quantitative analysis of HbA1c fraction. The hemoglobins, separated in silica capillaries, are directly detected by their absorbance at $4 1 5 n m$ .The assay is performed on the hemolysate of whole blood samples collected in tubes containing K2EDTA or K3EDTA as anticoagulant.

Quantitative deterinationhemoglobineffectiveonitoringiddle-ter blood gluco control in diabetic individuals.

The MINICAP Hb A1c procedure performed with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument has been certified by the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program (NGSP).

Electrophoresis is a well established technique routinely used in clinical laboratories for measuring components from body fluids, including HbA1c glycated fraction. The MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument has been developed to provide complete automation of this testing with fast separation and good resolution. In many aspects, the methodology can be considered as an intermediary type o technique between classical zone electrophoresis and liquid chromatography.

The MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solunWith hs technqu charge molecules a separate by the electohoretcmobil an alkaline buffer with a specific ph.Separation also occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.

The MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 2 simultaneous analyses for HbA1c quantification from whole blood sample. A sample dilution with hemolysing solution is prepared and injected by aspiration at the anodic end of the capillary.A high voltage protein separation is then performed and direct detection of the hemoglobins is made at the cathodic end of the capillary at 415 nm, which is the absorbance wave length specific to hemoglobins. Before each run, the capillaries are washed with a wash solution and prepared for the next analysis with buffer.

Direct detection provides accurate relative quantification of individual hemoglobin Ac fraction.n addition, the high resolution of MINICAP Hb A1c procedure allows the quantification of HbA1c, even in the presence of labile HbA1c, carbamylated and acetylated hemoglobins, and major hemoglobin variants such as HbS, HbC, HbD, HbE and HbF and common interfering factors such as Triglycerides, Bilirubin, Ascorbic Acid, Urea, Rheumatoid factor and Glybenclamide as outline in the package insert labeling.

Buka  ufroal oalvarianegloieece then A1c.

# INTENDED USE

The MINICAP Hb A1c kit is designed for separation and quantification of the HbA1c glycated fraction of hemoglobin in human whole blood, by capillary electrophoresis in alkaline buffer with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument. Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is effective in monitoring long-term glycemic control in individuals with diabetes melltus. Results are provided in IFCC (mmol/mol) and NGSP (%Hb A1c) units.

The MINICAP Hb A1c kit is designed for Professional Use Only.

The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls are designed for the quality control of human glycated hemoglobin A1c quantification with SEBIA capillary electrophoresis procedures using the MiNICAP HbA1c kit with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING automated instrument.

The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls are designed for Professional Use Only.

The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators are designed for the calibration and migration control of human glycated hemoglobin A1c quantification with SEBlA capillary electrophoresis procedures using the MINICAP HbA1c kit with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING automated instrument.

The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators are designed for Professional Use Only.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION

# 1. MINICAP FLEX PIERCING instrument, Part Number 1232

# . Reagent Kit

The MINICAP Hb A1c kits, Hb A1c CAPiLLARY Controls and Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators are used with the MINICAP FLEX- PIERCING system.

The configurations of the components are summarized:

MINICAP Hb A1c kits in Table I.   
Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators in Table II.   
Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls in Table III   
Reagents that are required to perform the test but are sold separately in Table IV.

For additional details, see Package Inserts and instrument operators manual. Each kit, control and calibrators is supplied with a Package Insert which contains instruction for use and all the necessary information on the reagents needed to run the tests. Each Package Insert also contains information on storage conditions, shelf life and signs of deterioration of the components and the reagents sold separately.

TABLE I. REAGENTS AND MATERIALS SUPPLIED IN THE MINICAP Hb A1c KIT (PN 2215)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS       2:S2.;.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 2215</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials, 250 mL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysing solution (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 225 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wash solution (stock solution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 25 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 pack of 125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 filters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bins for used cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 bins</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysing solution bar code labels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 sheets of 4 labels</td></tr></table>

TABLE II. REAGENTS AND MATERIALS SUPPLIED WITH Hb A1c CAPILLARY CALIBRATORS (PN 4755)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4755</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrator 1 (green cap)Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrator 2 (red cap)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial of each, 600μL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode label Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode label Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

TABLE II. REAGENTS AND MATERIALS SUPPLIED WITH Hb A1c CAPILLARY CONTROLS (PN 4774)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 4744</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A1c CAPILLARY Control 1 ( white cap )Hb A1c CAPILLARY Control 2 ( black cap)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial of each, 600μL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode label HbA1c CAPILLARY Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barcode label HbA1c CAPILLARY Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White dilution segments*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grey dilution segments*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr></table>

\* Not used with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument

# TABLE IV. REAGENTS AND MATERIALS REQUIRED BUT NOT SUPPLIED IN THE MINICAF HbA1c KIT, Hb A1c CAPILLARY CONTROLS OR Hb A1c CAPILLARY CALIBRATORS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COMPONENTS            SOS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPICLEAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 25 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS / MINICAP Wash Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials, 75 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tubes and caps for controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9202,9205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 per box, 500 per box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MINICAP Reagent Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 per box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lids for bins for used reagent cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2286</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 per box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;AUTOMATIC LOW VOLUME&quot; bar code labels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 per box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;MANUAL LOW VOLUME&quot; bar code labels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 per box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING centering rings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 per box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHORESIS software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MINICAPFLEX-PIERCING INSTRUMENT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1232</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Update HbA1c kit for  MINICAP  FLEX-PIERCING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# LABELING

Labeling contained in this submission includes:

A. MINICAP Hb A1c operators manual B. MINICAP Hb A1c package insert C. Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls package insert Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators package insert and the box labels and the product labels of the MINICAP Hb A1c kit, MINICAP Hb A1c, Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls, Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators and of the reagents and materials required but not supplied.

# STUDY SUMMARY

Analytical performance:

a.Precision/Reproducibility:

The reproducibility studies have been performed according to CLSI Guideline "EP5-A2: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices".

# Reproducibility between lots and instruments

Eight (8) diferent blood samples were run using the MINICAP Hb A1c procedure in both capillaries o 3 different MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instruments and with 3 lots of MINICAP Hb A1c kits. The analyzed blood samples included 3 samples with normal $H b A _ { 1 c }$ level (No. 1, 2 and 3), 1 sample with $H b A _ { 1 0 }$ lv close to the cutof value o.)and 4 samples with elevated $H b A _ { 1 0 }$ level (No. 5, 6, 7 and 8). In this study, each blood sample was analyzed on both capilaries from each instrument, including 60 runs over 10 working days (at 2 different times of the day). Within each run, samples were analyzed in duplicate.

The olowi tablearizhewithn-un nd otalstent-eagt C.V. $\%$ ranges for the $H b A _ { 1 0 }$ concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(% HbA1c)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV min (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV max (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV min(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV max(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CV (%) ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run reproducibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (HbA1cconcentrationmmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV min (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV max (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CVmin(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV max(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CV (%) ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr></table>

#

Eight (8) diferent blood samples were run using the MINICAP Hb A1c procedure in both capilaries of the same MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument and with 1 lot of MINICAP Hb A1c kit. The analyzed blood samples included 3 samples with normal $H b A _ { 1 c }$ level (No. 1, 2 and 3), 1 sample with $H b A _ { 1 0 }$ lclo cu val)an spls wi ele $H b A _ { 1 0 }$ level (No. 5, 6, 7 and 8). In this study, each blood sample was analyzed on both capillaries from the same instrument, including 40 runs over 20 working days (at 2 different times of the day). Within each run, samples were analyzed in duplicate.

The results for $H b A _ { 1 0 }$ concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages are summarized in the following tables.

For reproducibility within the same capillary, maximal CV's have been calculated for each blood sample from pooled data obtained on each capillary.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 4 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample*No.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (% HbA1c)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-runreproducibility %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-capillaryreproducibility(CV %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">wBetween-run    . "reproducibility (V%)1S45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between-dayreproducibility(CV %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total (CV %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplerNo.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleNo. 8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (HbA1c  concentrationmmol/mol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-runreproducibility(CV %)         :5*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within-capillaryreproducibility(CV %)Mem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between-runreproducibility(CV %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between-dayreproducibility$$$(C%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total (CV %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

The linearity of the MiNICAP HbA1c procedure was evaluated based on CLSI EP6-A guideline "Evaluation of the Linearity Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach". Two blood samples, including a normal sample with HbA1c concentration at $4 . 8 \%$ (29 mmol/mol) and an elevated HbA1c level sample with HbA1c concentration at $1 3 . 8 \%$ (127 mmol/mol) were mixed within different proportions and th dilutis wee electrophoreed with he MiNICAP HA1 assy kit using the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument. Samples were analyzed in duplicate.

A polynomial regression analysis was performed, it alows to conclude on the lnearity of MiNICAP H A1c procedu performed with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument or HbA1c facton within the entire range studied.

HbA1c $( \% )$ The 1st order linear regression generated is: $\forall = 0 . 0 8 9 8 2 x + 4 . 7 6 4$ . $r ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 8$ , $\mathtt { r = 0 . 9 9 9 }$ The linearity range is $4 . 8 - 1 3 . 8 \%$ HbA1c

HbA1c (mmol/mol)   
The 1st order linear regression generated is:   
$\forall = 0 . 9 8 5 5 x + 2 8 . 4 1$ $r ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9$ $\mathsf { r } { = } 0 . 9 9 9$   
The linearity range is 29 - 127 mmol/mol HbA1c   
In addition, 3 different characteristic blood samples, including a normal sample with HbA1c   
concentration at $5 . 0 \%$ HbA1c (31 mmol/mol), a sample with HbA1c level close to the cut-off value   
at $6 . 3 \%$ HbA1c (46 mmol/mol) and an elevated HbA1c level sample with HbA1c concentration at

$9 . 3 \%$ HbA1c (79 mmol/mol), were all serially diluted in hemolysing solution and electrophoresed with the MINICAP Hb A1c procedure. The tests were determined to be linear within the entire ranges studied from 2.5 to 31.1 g/dL total hemoglobin and HbA1c fraction concentration and percentage were not affected by the hemoglobin concentration of the samples.

c. Detection limit:

T Lim Blankon Lim owe samples (blank) and six low HbA1c samples according to CLSI guideline EP17-A . The results are as follows:

$\mathsf { L o B } \mathbf { = } \mathsf { 0 } . 3 \%$ , $\mathsf { L o D } = 1 . 1 \%$

The claimed measuring range, 4.8- $1 3 . 8 \%$ (29 - 127 mmol/mol), is based on linearity.

d. Analytical specificity:

The interference studies have been performed according to the CLSI Guideline "EP7-A2: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry.

i) Studies were performed to assess common or known substances that could interfere with the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit. The interfering substances were evaluated in whole blood samples that contained four different concentrations of A1c $( \sim 5 . 0 \%$ . ${ \sim } 6 . 5 \%$ . $\sim 8 . 8 \%$ and ${ \sim } 1 1 . 9 \% )$ .Samples containing various concentrations of potential interferents were tested and the results compared to those obtained from control samples containing no potential interfering substances. The definition of non-significant interference is $\leq 0 . 3 \%$ HbA1c between the tested and the control samples. The results are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potential interfering substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at which no significantinterference (≤0.3%) was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07 g/dL (35.1 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8 mg/dL (442 μM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL (3.41 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291 mg/dL (48.5 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2178 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glybenclamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

ii) To study interference from Carbamlyated hemoglobin, four whole blood patient samples with A1c concentrations at ${ \sim } 5 . 7 \%$ , ${ \sim } 6 . 9 \%$ . ${ \sim } 8 . 9 \%$ and $\sim 1 2 . 4 \%$ were split into two aliquots. One aliquot, at each A1c level, was spiked with 8.11 mg/dL (1 mmol/L) of Potassium Cyanate and incubated for 3 hours at $\mathfrak { s } 7 ^ { \circ } \mathfrak { C }$ Another aliquot, at each A1c level, was incubated for 3 hours at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ Samples were then analyzed on the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit, Samples were analyzed in triplicate. The definition of non-significant interference is $\leq 0 . 3 \ H \mathsf { b A } 1 \mathsf { c \% }$ between the tested and the control samples.

To conclude Carbamylated hemoglobin $( \leq 8 . 7 \% )$ does not interfere with this assay.

ii) To study interference from Labile HbA1c, four whole blood patient samples with A1c concentrations at ${ \sim } 4 . 7 \%$ ${ \sim } 6 . 8 \%$ , $\sim 8 . 8 \%$ and ${ \sim } 1 2 . 7 \%$ were split into two aliquots. One aliquot, at each A1c level, was spiked with $1 8 0 0 \ m g / \mathrm { d L }$ $( 0 . 5 ~ \mathsf { m o l } / \mathsf { L } )$ of glucose and incubated for 3 hours at $3 7 \%$ . Another aliquot, at each A1c level, was incubated for 3 hours at $3 7 \%$ Samples were then analyzed on the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit, Samples were analyzed in triplicate. The definition of non-significant interference is $\leq 0 . 3 \mathsf { H b A } 1 \mathsf { c } \%$ between the tested and the control samples.

To conclude Labile Hb A1c $( \leq 1 4 . 8 \%$ d otnth assy.

iv) To study interference from Labile HbA1c, four whole blood patient samples with A1c concentrations at $\sim 5 . 2 \%$ $\sim 6 . 6 \%$ $- 9 . 4 \%$ and $- 1 1 . 7 \%$ were split into two aliquots. O aliquot, each A1c level, was spiked with 180 mg/dL (10 mmol/L) of acetylsalicylic and incubated for 4 hours at $3 7 \cdot 0$ Another aliquot, at each A1c level, was incubated for 4 hours at $3 7 \%$ Samples were then analyzed on the MiNICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit, Samples were analyzed in triplicate. The definition of non-significant interference is $\leq 0 . 3$ HbA1c% between the tested and the control samples.

To conclude Acetylated hemoglobin $( \leq 3 . 0 \% )$ does not interee with this assay.

v) A hemoglobin variant interference study was carried out using samples known to contain Hemoglobin variants S, E, D and C. These variant samples were tested on the MINICAP FLEXPIERCING instrument using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit. The definition of non-significant interference is $\pm 1 0 \%$ difference between the candidate method and a NGSP reference method (performed in a NGSP laboratory).

The testingesult how the so sinifcant inteerence HbS $( \leq 4 0 . 5 \% )$ , HbE $( \leq 2 4 . 7 \% )$ , HbD $( \leq 4 1 . 0 \% )$ and HbC $( \leq 3 7 . 0 \% )$ .

viAn aditional variant interference study was carried out to study the variant interference from Hemoglobin F. 16 whole blood samples with HbA1c concentrations of $\sim 5 . 3 \%$ and ${ \sim } 1 1 . 6 \%$ contained various concentrations of HbF (2.3 to $1 9 . 7 \%$ were tested on the MINICAP FLEXPIERCING instrument using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit. The definition of non-significant interference is $\pm 1 0 \%$ difference between the candidate method and a NGSP reference method (performed in a NGSP laboratory).

The testing results show there is no significant interference for HbF ≤ 19.7%.

Comparison studies: a. Method comparison with predicate device:

The correlation studies have been performed according to CLSI Guideline "EP9-A2: Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples".

Internal Study: 101 whole blood samples with HbA1c ranging from $4 . 8 \%$ (29 mmol/mol) to $1 3 . 3 \%$ (122 mmol/mol) were analyzed in singlicate using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit on the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument (candidate device) and on the CAPILLARYS Hb A1c assay on the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument. The linear regression correlation was calculated as follows:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbAic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationvMcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 Slope385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of valuesMINICAP Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 - 13.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29 - 122</td></tr></table>

# External study No.1

126 whole blood samples with HbA1c ranging from $4 . 8 \%$ (29 mmol/mol) to $1 3 . 6 \%$ (125 mmol/mol) were analyzed in singlicate using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit on the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING

instrument (candidate device) and on the CAPILLARYS Hb A1c assay on the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument. The linear regression correlation was calculated as follows:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of valuesMINICAP Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 - 13.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-125</td></tr></table>

# External study No. 2

140 whole blood samples with HbA1c ranging from $4 . 8 \%$ (29 mmol/mol) to $1 3 . 1 \%$ (119 mmol/mol) were analyzed in singlicate using the MINICAP HbA1c assay kit on the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument (candidate device) and on the CAPILLARYS Hb A1c assay on the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument. The linear regression correlation was calculated as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbAc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SlopeSRe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range of valuesNRO0MINICAP Hb A1c9oe</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8 - 13.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-119</td></tr></table>

b. Matrix comparison:

A total of 41 random matched sample pairs (K2 EDTA and K3 EDTA) were tested on the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument using the MiNICAP HbA1c assay kit. The linear regression is presented in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fraction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range ofHbA1cractions(test)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,039</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,9 - 13,3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,091</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - 122</td></tr></table>

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

The performance and comparative studies of the MINICAP Hb A1c test with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument were performed using SEBIA's commercially available materials and standard procedures.

I cprativcercially valablatera stanar proues with the predicate device: CAPILLARYS Hb A1c using the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument (K122101).

Both the new device MINICAP Hb A1c with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING and the predicate method, CAPILLARYS Hb A1c with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument use the same technology of capillary electrophoresis of blood samples for Hb A1c analysis. The MiNICAP HbA1c kit using the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument and the predicate device the CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit used with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument utilize EDTA collection tubes of (K2 and K3).

The SEBIA MINICAP Hb A1c procedure, performed with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING system nalal to predicate devices described above.

The following tables A, B, C and D present the similarities and the differences.

Tabe A : SEBIA MINICAP Hb A1c kit used with he MINICAP FLEX PIERCING insrment as compared to the predicate CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit used with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCING instrument

Table B: SEBIA Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators used with the MINICAP Hb A1C kit and MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING Instrument to the predicate CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit used with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument.

Table C: SEBIA Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls used with the MINICAP Hb A1c kit and MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument as compared to the predicate devices CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit used with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument.

Table D: SEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING Instrument to the predicate the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCING instrument.

# Table A

SIA INICAP H Ac   ith  MINICAP LEX IERCING  mp o h predicat CAPILLARYS b A kiuse with the CAPILLARYS  FLEX-PIERCINGtn.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS Hb A1c technique withCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrUment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA MINICAP Hb A1c technique with MINICAPFLEX-PIERCING instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit is designed forseparation and quantification of the HbA1c glycatedfraction of hemoglobin in human blood, by capillaryelectrophoresis in alkaline buffer (pH 9.4) with theCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument.Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is effective inmonitoring long-term glycemic control in individualswith diabetes mellitus. The CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kitis designed for Professional Use Only.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The MINiCAP Hb A1c kit is designed for separationand quantification of the HbA1c glycated fraction ofhemoglobin in human blood, by capillaryelectrophoresis in alkaline buffer (pH 9.4) with theMINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument.Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is effective inmonitoring long-term glycemic control in individualswith diabetes mellitus. The MINICAP Hb A1c kit isdesigned for Professional Use Only.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Separationsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free solution capillary electrophoresis (FSCE):protein separation in an alkaline buffer (pH 9.4)according to their charge, to the electrolyte pH andelectroosmotic flow.Fast separation and good resolution.Electrophoregrams show separated fractionsaccording to their charge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument,PN 1227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument, PN1232</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Picture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance wavelength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">415 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA PHORESIS™ software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofseparation units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 parallel capillaries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 parallel capillaries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood in capped tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplesidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (Bar code reading on both sample racks andtubes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (Bar code reading on sample tubes)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performed automatically by the instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction ofthe samples intothe automaticsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Continuous loading using sample racks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Continuous loading on the rotating sampler</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysisthroughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 analyses / hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.6 analyses / hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tubes with K2EDTA or K3EDTA anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent</td><td>SEBIA CAPILLARYS Hb A1C techniQue with CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING InStrumeNt</td><td>SEBIA MINICAP Hb A1C technique with MiNICAP FLEX PIERCING instrument 06T</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7"></td><td>CAPILLARYS Hb A1c Kit (PN 2015) : Buffer</td><td>MINICAP Hb A1c Kit (PN 2215) :</td></tr><tr><td>Hemolyzing solution</td><td>Buffer</td></tr><tr><td>Wash solution</td><td>Hemolyzing solution Wash solution</td></tr><tr><td>Dilution segments</td><td>Reagent cups</td></tr><tr><td>Filters</td><td>Filters</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bins for used cups</td></tr><tr><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c CALIBRATORS (PN 4755) :</td><td>Hemolysing solution bar code labels</td></tr><tr><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c Calibrator 1</td><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c CALIBRATORS (PN 4755) : CAPILLARY Hb A1c Calibrator 1</td></tr><tr><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c Calibrator 2</td><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c Calibrator 2</td></tr><tr><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c CONTROLS (PN 4774) :</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c Control 1</td><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c CONTROLS (PN 4774) :</td></tr><tr><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c Control 2</td><td>CAPILLARY Hb A1c Control 1 CAPILLARY Hb A1c Control 2</td></tr><tr><td>Standardization</td><td>NGSP IFCC</td><td>NGSP IFCC</td></tr></table>

Table B SEBIA Hb A1c CAPILLARY Calibrators used with the MINICAP Hb A1c kit and MINICAP FLEXPIERCING Instrument to the predicate CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit used with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIAHbAfc CAPILLARY CALIBRATORSK122101         466</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIAHbA1c CAPILLARY CALIBRATORS30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Hb A1c CAPiLLARY Calibrators aredesigned for the calibration and migrationoontrol of human glycated hemoglobinA1cquantification   with   SEBIACAPILLARYS Hb A1c electrophoresisprocedure  performed  with   theCAPILLARYS   2   FLEX-PIERCINGautomated instrument for capillaryelectrophoresis.The Hb Aic CAPILLARY Calibrators aredesigned for professional Use Only.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Hb A1c CAPILlARY Calibrators aredesigned for the calibration and migrationcontrol of human glycated hemoglobinA1c quanufication with SEBIA capillaryelectrophoresis procedures :CAPILLARYS Hb Aic perfomedWith the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGautomated instrument and.MINICAP Hb Aic performed withthe    MINICAP    FLEX-PIERCINGautorated instrument.The Hb Aic CAPILLARY Calibrators aredesigned for Professional Use Only.For in Vitro Diagnostic Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4755</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4755</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels1 vial (0.6 mL) per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute each lyophitized calibratorvial with O.6 mt of distiled or deionizedwater.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storagetemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Before reconstitution. the lyophitizedcalibrators must be stored between - 30C and - 18 *C. They are stable until theexpiration date indicated on the viallabels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In use storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>After reconstitution, store the calibratorsat 2 - 8 &quot;C in a closed conical tube forcontrol blood and use them within the day(for 8 hours maximum). After use, theymust be stored without any delay between- 18 &#x27;C and - 22 *C due to the risk ofmicrobial contamination and denaturation.They are stable for 6 months maximumbetween - 18 *C and - 22 &quot;C.Do not freeze and thaw the reconstitutedcalibrators more than 3 times.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING:After reconstitution, store the calibratorsat 2 - 8 °C in a closed conical tube forcontrot blood and use them within the day(for 8 hours maximum). After use, theymust be stored without any delay between- 18 *C and - 22 &#x27;C due to the risk ofmicrobial contamination and denaturation.They are stable for 22 months maximumbetween - 18 *C and - 22 °C.Do noi freeze and thaw the reconstitutedcalibrators more than 3 times.MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING:After reconstitution, prepare 2 aliquotswith equivalent volumes (∞ O.4 mL) of thewhole amount of each calibrator in conicaltubes for control blood, for use and / orstorage. Store the aliquoted calibrators at2 - 8 *C in a closed conical tube forcontrol blood and use them within the day(for 8 hours maximum). After use, theymust be stored without any delay between- 18 *C and - 22 &quot;C due to the risk ofmicrobial contamination and denaturation.They are stable for 22 months maximumbetween  18 *C and - 22 &#x27;C.Do not freeze and thaw the reconstitutedcalibrators more than 5 times.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assigned values are taceable toIFCC.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGSEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING</td></tr></table>

Table C SEBIA Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls used with the MINICAP Hb A1c kit and MINICAP FLEXPIERCING instrument as compared to the predicate devices CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit used with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2XAHSEBIAHbA1c CAPILLARY CONTROLS   K122101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>    E             .SEBIAHbA1c CAPILLARY CONTROLST</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controts aredesigned for the quality control of humanglycated hemoglobin A1c quantificationwith    CAPILLARYS    Hb    A1celectrophoresis procedure performed withthe CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGautomated instrument for capillaryelectrophoresis.They should be used tike any biologicalsamples.The values obtained must fal within therange determined for each batch.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Hb Aic CAPILLARY Controls aredesigned for the quality control of humangtycated hemoglobin A1c quantificationwith SEBIAcapillary electrophoresisprocedures :CAPILLARYS Hb Aic performedwith the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGautomated instrument and,MINICAP Hb A1c performed withthe MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING automatedinstrument.The Hb Aic CAPILlARy Controls aredesigned for Professional Use Onty.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4774</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4774</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels1 vial (0.6 mL) per level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute each lyophilized cantrol vialwith O.6 ml of distilled or deionizedwater.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storagetemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Before reconstitution. the lyophilizedcontrois must be stored refrigerated (2 to8 *C). They are stable until the expirationdate indicated on the vial labels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In use storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>After reconstitution, store the controts at 2   CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING :- 8 &quot;C in a closed conical tube for control   After reconstitution, store the controls al 2blood and use them within the day (for 8   - 8 &quot;C in a closed conical tube for controlhours maximum). Ater use. they must be   blood and use them within the day (for 8stored without any delay between - 18 *C   hours maximum). Ater use, they must beand - 22 C due to the risk of microbial   stored without any delay between - 18 Ccontamination and denaturation. They are   and - 22 &#x27;C due to the risk of microbialstable for 6 months maximum between   contamination and denaturation. They are- 18 &quot;C and - 22 &#x27;C,                       stable for 6 months maximum betweenDo not freeze and thaw the reconstituted   - 18 *C and - 22 *C.controls more than 30 times.               Do not freeze and thaw the reconstitutedAfter hemolysis with the CAPILLARYS 2   controls more than 30 times.FLEX-PIERCING instrument, store the   After hemotysis with the CAPILLARYS 2dilution segments with contrals at 2 - 8 °C   FLEX-PIERCING instsument, store theand use them within the day (for 8 hours   dilution segments with controls at 2 - 8 *Cmaximum). They may be stored, without   and use them within the day (for 8 hoursany delay. between - 18 &#x27;C and - 22 &quot;C   maximum). They may be stored, withoutfor I month maximum. Do not freeze and   any delay, between - 18 C and - 22 *C forthaw a dilution segment with hemolyzed   1 month maximum. Do not freeze andcontrol more than three times.              thaw a dilution segment with hemotyzedcontrol more than three times.MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING :After reconstitution. store the oontrols al 2- 8 *C in a closed conical tube for controlblood and use them within the day (for 8hours maximnum). After use. they must bestored without any delay between - 18 &quot;Cand - 22 &#x27;C due to the risk of microbialcontamination and denaturation. They arestable for 6 months maximum between- 18 *C and - 22 °C.Do not freeze and thaw the reconstitutedcontrols more than 30 times.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIAHhA1c CAPILLARY CONTROLSK122101  </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIAHbA1c CAPILLARY CONTROLS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGSEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING</td></tr></table>

TABLE D SEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING Instrument to the predicate the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEXPIERCING instrument.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGinstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument isdesigned and intended for the human protein andhemoglobin separation by capillary electrophoresison 8 parallel capillaries. The analysis is performedusing uncapped tubes or capped tubes with a cappiercing function according to the procedure. TheCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument isintended to be used with the SEBIA CAPILLARYSreagent kits.The CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument isdesigned for Professional Use Only.For In Vitro Use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument isdesigned and intended for the human protein andhemoglobin separation by capillary electrophoresison 2 parallel capillaries. The analysis is performedusing uncapped tubes or capped tubes with a cappiercing function according to the procedure. TheMINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument is intended tobe used with the SEBIA MINICAP reagent kits.The MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument isdesigned for Professional Use Only.For In Vitro Use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separationsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free solution capillary electrophoresis (FSCE):protein separation in an alkaline buffer according totheir charge, to the electrolyte pH and electroosmoticflow.Fast separation and good resolution.Electrophoregrams show separated fractionsaccording to their charge.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 1227</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 1232</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Picture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deuterium lamp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deuterium lamp and LED</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA PHORESIS™ software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofseparation units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 parallel capillaries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 parallel capillaries</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>uncapped tubes or capped tubes depending on theprocedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samplesidentification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (Bar code reading on both sample racks andtubes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes (Bar code reading on sample tubes)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Introduction ofthe samples intothe automaticsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Continuous loading using sample racks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Continuous loading on the rotating sampler</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. 95 cm x H. 39 cm x D. 63 cm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L. 44 cm x H. 41.5 cm x D. 58 cm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 kg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32 kg</td></tr></table>

March 28, 2014

# SEBIA C/O KAREN ANDERSON DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL AND QUALITY ASSURANCE 1705 CORPORATE DRIVE SUITE 400 NORCROSS GA 30093

Re: K133344 TradeDevice Name: Minip HbAIc kit, HbAlcCapillary Controls, HbAlcCapillay Calibrators Regulation Nunber: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: LCP, JIS. JJX Dated: February 18, 2014 Received: February 20, 2014

Dear Ms. Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \boldsymbol { \mathbf { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determincd the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to lcgally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of thc Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, thereore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Acl include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH docs not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class 11 (Special Controls) or class 11 (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can bc found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Titlc 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Fedcral Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencics. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limitcd to: registration and listing (2| CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requircments as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the clectronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2—Ms. Anderson

If you desire specific advicc for your devicc on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://wwv.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm/15809.hum Tor the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliancc. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the rcporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Acl from thc Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance al its toll-free ntumber (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

for   
Courtney H. Lias   
Director, Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K133344

# Device Name Hb A Ic CAPILLARY Calibrators using the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Th HA   y q  SEBI cpiy  s MNICAPc i MNICAP LEXPIERCING automated instrument. The Hb AIc CAPILLARY Calibrators are designed for Professional Use Only.   
For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden tme or this colection nomation is estated toaveragehours per espons includge time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect o infoation collection incudinggestions or educing th urd

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) K133344

Device Name Hb Alc CAPILLARY Controls using the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING instrument

The Hb Alc CAPILLARY Controls are designed for Professional Use Only.   
For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

'DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The buren tme or hicollection noation s tated verae7hours perspnse,ncudi time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) K133344

Device Name MINICAP Hb A lc kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

A IFCC (mmol/mol) and NGSP (%Hb A1c) units.

The MINICAP Hb A1c kit is designed for Professional Use Only.   
For In Vitro Use.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The burden me orhis collection  inormalion is estmated t averaghours per esponse, includie tim to review instructions, search existing dat sources. gather andmaintain the data needed and coplete and review the collection information. Send comments regarding ths burden estimate or any other aspect inforation collection including ugestions o educing is bur

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."