# December 10, 2015

Applied Spectral Imaging Ltd. Ilan Sharon   
P.O. Box 4414 (A-109)   
Caesarea,30889   
Isreal

Re: K140957 Trade/Device Name: GenASIs HiPath IHC Family Regulation Number: 21 CFR §864.1860 Regulation Name: Immunohistochemistry reagents and kits Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NQN, NOT Dated: 12/11/2014 Received: 12/16/2014

Dear Ilan Sharon:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of January 15, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Reena Philip -S

Reena Philip, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K140957

GenASIs HiPath IHC Family

The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family provides image capture, management, analysis, and viewing of specific immunohistochemically stained slides. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape:

1. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) is for image capture and analysis applications. This particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The PATHWAY $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/ neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

NOTE: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and semi-quantitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of HER-2/neu receptor protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immuohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the PATHWAY $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) to clinical outcome has not been established.

2. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for PR (1E2) is for image capture and analysis applications. This particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of progesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC for PR (1E2) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of PR protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody used to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for PR (1E2) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-PR antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

3. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) is for image capture and analysis applications. The particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of ER (SP1): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of ER status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computerassisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from

microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of ER protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immuohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody to clinical outcome has not been established. 4. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is for image capture and analysis applications. The particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of Ki67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) assay is indicated for use in assessing the proliferative activity of breast cancer tissue. When used with this assay, the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of Ki-67 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computerassisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of Ki67 protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary antibody assay to clinical outcome has not been established.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

As required by section 807.92(c). January 15, 2015

# A. 510(K) Number

K140957

# B. Purpose for Submission

The proposed ASI’s GenASIs HiPath IHC Family, including GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5), PR (1E2), ER (SP1) and Ki67 (30-9), is an IVD image capture and image analysis score accessory for assist the qualified pathologist in the consistent assessment of protein expression in immunohistochemical stained histological sections from formalinfixed, paraffin embedded breast cancer tissue.

ASI is hereby preparing this traditional 510(K) submission to show that the proposed ASI’s GenASIs HiPath IHC Family is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate devices referred to in paragraph H.

# C. Manufacturer and Instrument Name

# C.1. Device Name

GenASIs HiPath IHC Family

# C.2. Submitter’s name

Name: Applied Spectral Imaging Ltd. 2 Ha Carmel St, New Industrial Zone, Yokneam 20691, Israel Tel: (972) 4 6547567, Fax: (972) 4 6547507

# C.3. Submission contact person

Ilan Sharon   
P.O.B. 4414 (A-109), Caesarea 30889, Israel   
TEL: 972-52-8704904

# D. Type of Test or Tests Performed

The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family provides image capture, management, analysis, and viewing of specific immunohistochemically stained slides. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest and is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of the following tests:

1. HER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

2. Progesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM antiProgesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for treatment). 3. ER (SP1): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. $\mathrm { \dot { C } O N F I R M ^ { T M } }$ anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of ER status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

4. Ki67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.

CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) assay is indicated for use in assessing the proliferative activity of breast cancer tissue. When used with this assay, the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of Ki-67 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

# E. System Descriptions

# Device description:

The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family, including software is designed to assist the qualified pathologist in the consistent assessment in inmmohistochemnically stained histologic sections from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissues. The device consists of a slide capture camera, Microscope, computer, monitor, keyboard, mouse, image analysis algorithms for specific immunohistochemical markers, and software with a Graphic User Interface (GUI).

The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family is an intranet-based, end-to-end, digital pathology software solution that allows pathology laboratories, to acquire, manage, view, analyze, share, and report test results of pathology specimens. Using the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family software the pathologist can view captured images, add annotations, make measurements, perform image analysis and generate reports.

Hardware: A camera based acquisition device designed to captures bright-field microscope digital images of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues that are suitable for storage and viewing. The device includes a digital slide acquisition camera, X-Y Stage with holder adaptor for loading glass slides on a microscope and a workstation including a computer, keyboard, mouse and monitor.

Software: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family software is designed to complement the routine workflow of a qualified pathologist in the review of immunohistochemically stained histologic slides. It allows the user to select fields of view (FOVs) in the digital image for analysis and provides quantitative data on these FOVs to assist with interpretation. The software makes no independent interpretations of the data and requires competent human intervention for all steps in the analysis process.

# Device Classification

Product Code: NQN, NOT   
CFR section: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 1 8 6 0$   
Regulation name: Immunohistrochemistry reagents and kits   
Trade Name: GenASIs HiPath IHC Family   
Common Name: Immunohistrochemistry reagents and kits   
Classification: Class II

# G. Intended Use

The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family provides image capture, management, analysis, and viewing of specific immunohistochemically stained slides. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape:

1. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) is for image capture and analysis applications. This particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ (Trastuzumab) treatment is being considered.

NOTE: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and semi-quantitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of HER-2/neu receptor protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immuohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) to clinical outcome has not been established.

2. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for PR (1E2) is for image capture and analysis applications. This particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of progesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalinfixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the

assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC for PR (1E2) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of PR protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody used to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for PR (1E2) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-PR antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

3. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) is for image capture and analysis applications. The particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of ER (SP1): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of ER status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of ER protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immuohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.

4. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is for image capture and analysis applications. The particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of Ki67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) assay is indicated for use in assessing the proliferative activity of breast cancer tissue. When used with this assay, the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of Ki-67 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment).

Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of Ki67 protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary antibody assay to clinical outcome has not been established.

# H. Substantial Equivalence Information

# 1. Comparison of Predicate devices:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparisonparameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed device:ASI GenASIs HiPath IHC Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device:VirtuosoM System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Owner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applied Spectral Imaging Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ventana Digital Pathology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LegallydistributionclearanceNo.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K......Subject to this submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K111543 - VirtuosoTM System for IHC HER2 (4B5)K111869 - VirtuosoTM System for IHC PR (1E2)K130515 - VirtuosoTM System for IHC ER (SP1)K111755 - Virtuoso™M System for IHC Ki67 (30-9)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intended useandindicationsfor use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family providesimage capture, management, analysis, andviewing of specific immunohistochemicallystained slides. It is intended for in vitrodiagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist inthe display, detection, counting, review andclassification of tissues and cells of clinicalinterest based on particular morphology,color, intensity, size, pattern and shape:1. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family forHER2 (4B5) is for image capture andanalysis applications. This particular systemis intended for use as an aid to thepathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2 proteinin formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breastcancer tissue. This device is an accessory toVentana Medical Systems, Inc.PATHWAY® anti-HER2/neu (4B5) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody. ThePATHWAY® anti-HER2/neu (4B5) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody is indicatedfor use as an aid in the assessment of breastcancer patients for whom HERCEPTIN®(Trastuzumab) treatment is beingconsidered.NOTE: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K111543 - VirtuosoT System for IHC HER2 (4B5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Virtuoso system provides automatic digitalslide creation, management, analysis, andviewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic useas an aid to the pathologist in the display,detection, counting, review and classification oftissues and cells of clinical interest based onparticular morphology, color, intensity, size,pattern and shape:The VirtuosoTMSystem for HER2 (4B5) is fordigital read and image analysis applications.This particular system is intended for use as anaid to the pathologist in the detection and semi-quantitative measurement of HER2 protein informalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal andneoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory toVentana Medical Systems, Inc. PATHWAY®anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit MonoclonalPrimary Antibody. The PATHWAY® anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal PrimaryAntibody is indicated for use as an aid in theassessment of breast cancer patients for whomHERCEPTIN® (Trastuzumab) treatment isbeing considered.NOTE: The IHC System for HER2 (4B5) digitalread and image analysis applications areadjunctive computer-assisted methodologies forthe qualified pathologist in the acquisition and</td></tr><tr><td>#</td><td>Comparison parameter</td><td>Proposed device: ASI GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) image capture and analysis</td><td>Predicate device: Virtuoso™ System measurement of images from microscope glass</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>applications are adjunctive computer- assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and semi- quantitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of HER- 2/neu receptor protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immuohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for HER2 (4B5) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) to clinical outcome has not been established. 2. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for PR</td><td>slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of HER-2/neu receptor protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the PATHWAY® anti-HER-2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay used to assure the validity of the iScan System for HER2 4B5 digital read and image analysis scores. The actual correlation of PATHWAY® anti-HER- 2/neu (4B5) to clinical outcome has not been established. K111869 - VirtuosoTM System for IHC PR (1E2)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(1E2) is for image capture and analysis applications. This particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of progesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin- embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti- Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for treatment). Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC for PR (1E2) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer- assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of PR protein. The</td><td>The Virtuoso system provides automatic digital slide creation, management, analysis, and as an aid to the pathologist in the display, pattern and shape: Th S  RE2  quantitative measurement of progesterone device is an accessory to Ventana Medical Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit treatment).</td><td>viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, digital read and image analysis applications. This particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi- receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin- embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This Systems, Inc. CONFIRM™M anti-Progesterone Primary Antibody assay. The CONFIRM™ anti- Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of breast cancer patients for whom endocrine treatment is being considered (but is not the sole basis for Note: The IHC PR (1E2) digital read and image analysis applications are adjunctive computer-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparisonparameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed device:ASI GenASIs HiPath IHC Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device:Virtuoso System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">pathologist should verify agreement withthe Image Analysis software applicationscore by reviewing the glass slide under themicroscope. The accuracy of the test resultsdepends on the quality of theimmunohistochemical staining. It is theresponsibility of a qualified pathologist toemploy appropriate morphological studiesand controls as specified in the instructionsfor the CONFIRMTM anti-ProgesteroneReceptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit MonoclonalPrimary Antibody used to assure thevalidity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Familyfor PR (1E2) image capture and analysisscores. The actual correlation ofCONFIRMTM anti-PR antibody to clinicaloutcome has not been established.3. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER(SP1) is for image capture and analysisapplications. The particular system isintended for use as an aid to the pathologistin the detection and qualitativemeasurement of ER (SP1): protein informalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breastcancer tissue. This device is an accessory tothe Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER)(SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal PrimaryAntibody. The Ventana Medical Systems,Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor(ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal PrimaryAntibody is indicated for use as an aid inthe assessment of ER status in breast cancerpatients (but is not the sole basis fortreatment).Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family forER (SP1) image capture and analysisapplications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualifiedpathologist in the acquisition and qualitativemeasurement of images from microscopeglass slides of breast cancer specimensstained for the presence of ER protein. Thepathologist should verify agreement withthe Image Analysis software applicationscore by reviewing the glass slide under themicroscope. The accuracy of the test resultsdepends on the quality of theimmuohistochemical staining. It is theresponsibility of a qualified pathologist toemploy appropriate morphological studiesand controls as specified in the instructions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">assisted methodologies for the qualifiedpathologist in the acquisition and measurementof images from microscope glass slides of breastcancer specimens stained for the presence of PRprotein. The pathologist should verify agreementwith the Image Analysis software applicationscore. The accuracy of the test results dependson the quality of the immunohistochemicalstaining. It is the responsibility of a qualifiedpathologist to employ appropriate morphologicalstudies and controls as specified in theinstructions for the CONFIRM™ anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody used to assure thevalidity of the Virtuoso System for PR (1E2)digital read and image analysis scores. Theactual correlation of CONFIRM anti-PRantibody to clinical outcome has not beenestablished.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K130515 - VirtuosoTM System for IHC ER (SP1)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Virtuoso system provides automated digitalslide creation, management, analysis, andviewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic useas an aid to the pathologist in the display,detection, counting, review and classification oftissues and cells of clinical interest based onparticular morphology, color, intensity, size,pattern and shape.The VirtuosoSystem for IHC ER (SP1) is fordigital read and image analysis applications.This particular Virtuoso system is intended foruse as an aid to the pathologist in the detectionand semi-quantitative measurement of estrogenreceptor (ER) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded neoplastic tissue. This device is anaccessory to Ventana Medical Systems, Inc.CONFIRM™ anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER)(SF1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibodyassay. The CONFIRM anti- ER (SF1) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody assay is indicatedfor use as an aid in the assessment of breastcancer patients for whom endocrine treatment isbeing considered (but is not the sole basis fortreatment).Note: The IHC ER (SPI) Digital Read and ImageAnalysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualifiedpathologist in the acquisition and measurementof images from microscope glass slides of breastcancer specimens stained for the presence of ERprotein. The pathologist should verify agreementwith the Image Analysis software application</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td>#</td><td>Comparison parameter</td><td>Proposed device: ASI GenASIs HiPath IHC Family</td><td>Predicate device: Virtuoso™M System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>for the CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for ER (SP1) image capture and analysis scores. The actual correlation of CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody to clinical outcome has not been established.</td><td>score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immuohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instucions or the CONPIR anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP3) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody used to assure the validity of the Virtuoso System for IHC ER Digital Read and Image Analysis scores. The actual</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4. The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is for image capture and analysis applications. The particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and qualitative measurement of Ki67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) assay is indicated for use in assessing the proliferative activity of breast cancer tissue. When used with this assay, the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) is indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of Ki-67 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment). Note: The GenASIs HiPath IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) image capture and analysis applications are adjunctive computer- assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and qualitative measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of Ki67 protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score by reviewing the glass slide under the microscope. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the immunohistochemical staining. It is the responsibility of a qualified pathologist to employ appropriate morphological studies and controls as specified in the instructions for the CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay to assure the validity of the GenASIs HiPath</td><td>established. pattern and shape: IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) image capture</td><td>Receptor (ER)(SPI) Rabbit Monoclonal Antibody to clinical outcome has not been K111755 - VirtuosoTM System for IHC Ki67 (30-9) The Virtuoso system provides automatic digital slide creation, management, analysis, and viewing. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, The Virtuoso System for Ki67 (30-9) is for digital read and image analysis applications. The particular system is intended for use as an aid to the pathologist in the detection and semi- quantitative measurement of Ki67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue. This device is an accessory to the Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay. The Ventana Medical Systems, Inc. CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) assay is indicated for use in assessing the proliferative activity of normal and neoplastic breast tissue. When used with this ssay, he Viu Syste or Ki7 0- i indicated for use as an aid in the assessment of Ki-67 status in breast cancer patients (but is not the sole basis for treatment). Note: The IHC Family for Ki67 (30-9) digital read and image analysis applications are adjunctive computer-assisted methodologies for the qualified pathologist in the acquisition and measurement of images from microscope glass slides of breast cancer specimens stained for the presence of Ki67 protein. The pathologist should verify agreement with the Image Analysis software application score. The accuracy of the test results depends on the quality of the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparisonparameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed device:ASI GenASIs HiPath IHC Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device:Virtuoso System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Monoclonal Primary antibody assay toclinical outcome has not been established</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">responsibility of a qualified pathologist toemploy appropriate morphological studies andcontrols as specified in the instructions for theCONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) RabbitMonoclonal Primary Antibody assay to assurethe validity f the VtSystem for Ki67(30-9) digital read and image analysis scores.The actual correlation of CONFIRM™ anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primaryantibody assay to clinical outcome has not beenestablished.</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application:IHC HER2(4B5)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and semi-quantitativemeasurement of HER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancertissue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and semi-quantitative measurement ofHER2 protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application:IHC PR (12)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and qualitative measurement ofprogesterone receptor (PR) protein informalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breastcancer tissue.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and semi-quantitative measurement ofprogesterone receptor (PR) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastictissue.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application:IHC ER (SP1)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and qualitative measurement ofEstrogen Receptor (ER) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded breast cancertissue.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and semi-quantitative measurement ofEstrogen Receptor (ER) protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastictissue.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application:IHC Ki67 (30-9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and qualitative measurement ofKi67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed,paraffin-embedded breast cancer tissue.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection and semi-quantitative measurement ofKi67 (30-9): protein in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal and neoplastic tissue.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">By the pathologist, according the singleslide label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identified by slide label or barcode.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Camera White Balance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tests must be run with nine custom slidescalibrated for the module which can be obtainedfrom the sponsor.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QualityControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performed by the operator as part of thestandard operation procedures using slideswith sub-optimal images.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performed by the operator before releasing theimages to the pathologist for review. Slides withsub-optimal images will be rescanned</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slideacquisition/Capture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CCD high resolution color camera and racksfor loading the glass slides.Images to be processed selected viamicroscope's eyepiece.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital slide bright field scanner (Ventana iScan)and racks for loading glass slides.Images to be processed selected from the screendigital read image.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microscope, CCD color camera, PC,keyboard, Mouse, Color Monitor, X-Y stageand rack for loading 1 glass slide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital slide scanner, PC, keyboard, Mouse,colorMonitor, racks for loading up to 160 glass slides.</td></tr></table>

# 2. Substantial Equivalence discussion

# Similarities:

Intended Use:

The proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family and the legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems (K111543, K111869, K130515 and K111755) have the same intended use and indications for use for the following: Acquisition, image capture, management, analysis, and viewing. The proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family and the legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems are intended for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid to the pathologist in the display, detection, counting, review and classification of tissues and cells of clinical interest based on particular morphology, color, intensity, size, pattern and shape.

The proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family and the legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems are indicated as an aid to pathologists in the assessment of HER2, PR, ER and Ki67 (30-9) status in breast cancer patients.

# Performance:

The proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family and the legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems are designed for the same IVD applications (H1 sections 3 – 6) using similar hardware and software components and similar analysis tools, the pathologist has to select the ROI for the scoring algorithm (H1 sections 7, 8) and calibration and quality control has to be performed to make sure that scoring results are stable (Table 4.3 sections 10, 11).

# Technology:

The proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family and the legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems are using similar hardware and software components, designed to complement the routine workflow of a qualified pathologist in the review of IHC stained histological slides (H1 section 12).

# Differences:

Intended Use: No difference

Performance:

1. The legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems are using slide scanner for generating the digital slide while the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family is using a color camera to capture and convert the microscope’s image to a digital image.

2. Images to be processed selected from Vituoso’s screen digital read image, while in the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family images for processing are selected via microscope’s eyepiece (H1 section 11).

3. Calibration and quality control processes are different in both systems (H1 sections 10, 11).

4. Legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems are designed for multi slide automatic loading, slide label or automatic barcode for specimen identification method must be used while the GenASIs HiPath IHC Family glass slide loading is manual and the pathologist is responsible for the slide identification (H1 section 9).

The effectiveness of the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family calibration and quality control processes were verified and validated during the clinical studies.

Technology:

1. The legally cleared VirtuosoTM Systems use a slide scanner for generating the digital slide while the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family use a color camera to capture and convert the microscope’s image to a digital image.   
2. Acquisition control software and illumination light sources are different and optimized to the acquisition flow and process (H1, sections 10 – 11).   
3. The VirtuosoTM System have additional hardware components; automatic multi slides loader, slides identifier and slide scanner, as opposed to the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family that is using a magnifying microscope for manual slide capture (H1, section 12).

# I. Special Control/ Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable)

The following Special Control and guidance documents are used in the preparation of the 510(K) submission:

1. Guidance for Industry “Guidance for Submission of Immunohistochemistry Applications to the FDA”, dated June 3 1998.   
2. CLSI I/LA28-A2Q:2009 - uality assurance for design control and implementation of immunohistochemistry assays; approved guidelines-second edition. (InVitro Diagnostics). 3. Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: “Statistical Guidance on Reporting Results from Studies Evaluating Diagnostic Tests”; March 2007.   
4. “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submission for Software Contained in Medical Device”, CDRH, May 2005.   
5. Guidance for Industry, Clinical Investigators, Institutional Review Boards and Food and Drug Administration Staff, Doc. 1776 dated November 2013

# J. Performance Characteristics

The following information of the device performance characteristics are based on ASI testing and experiments, using the following Ventana Medical Systems, Inc probe kits:

 PATHWAY $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ anti-HER2/neu (4B5) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody   
 CONFIRMTM anti-Progesterone Receptor (PR) (1E2) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody assay   
 CONFIRMTM anti-Estrogen Receptor (ER) (SP1) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary Antibody   
 CONFIRMTM anti-Ki67 (30-9) Rabbit Monoclonal Primary antibody assay

The user must use the staining process described in Ventana’s user instructions for the above mentioned assay kits. Additionally, clinical sensitivity, clinical specificity and clinical cut-off are also related to the above mentioned assay kits (as per user instructions).

The operators shall be aware of limitations derived from the following performance characteristics:

# a. Analytical Performance:

The clinical studies were based on comparison to the measures of agreement test of conventional manual evaluation through the microscope eyepieces, performed by pathologist that followed the recommendations of the Ventana user insertions for the different panel antibodies and test analysis performed with the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family system, using the same stained slides.

The comparison study was conducted in three clinical sites, by three different pathologists, according to Applied Spectral Imaging’s protocol.

The study included a total of:

HER2/neu (4B5) - 357 stained samples. PR (1E2) - 385 stained samples.  ER (SP1) - 427 stained samples Ki67 (30-9) - 373 stained samples

The agreement rates of the comparison between manual and GenASIs HiPath IHC Family system statistical test results when pooling all three sites tests are:

# HER2/neu (4B5)

Pooled Results; Frequency distribution of agreement of Manual versus GenASIs HiPath IHC Family:

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>GenASIs HiPathIHC analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Manual analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (0, 1+) Positive (2+, 3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (0, 1+) Positive (2+, 3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (0, 1+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (2+, 3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>357</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97%</td></tr></table>

# PR (1E2)

Pooled Results; Frequency distribution of agreement of Manual versus GenASIs HiPath IHC Family:

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>GenASIs HiPathIHC analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Manual analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (&lt;1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>385</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%</td></tr></table>

# ER (SP1)

Pooled Results; Frequency distribution of agreement of Manual versus GenASIs HiPath IHC Family:

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>GenASIs HiPathIHC analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Manual analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (&lt;1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(&lt;1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>274</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%</td></tr></table>

# Ki67 (30-9)

Pooled Results; Frequency distribution of agreement of Manual versus GenASIs HiPath IHC Family:

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>GenASIs HiPathIHC analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Manual analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (≤10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (≤10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Overall Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Positive Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>93%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Negative Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97%</td></tr></table>

# $b$ . Precision/Reproducibility:

Repeatability and reproducibility (R&R) studies were conducted to evaluate the variation in the performance of the automatic system between different runs of the same system and same day, between days of the same system and between systems located on different sites. Separate tests were performed for HER2/neu, ER, PR and Ki-67. For each antibody, forty (40) slides were selected, aiming to cover the samples result categories of the intended population.

The one hundred and sixty (160) slides were selected from a known pool as follows:

 For ER & PR slides were selected from positive, negative and around-cutoff slides to cover the entire clinically relevant range   
 For Ki67 slides were selected from positive, negative slides to cover the entire clinically relevant range   
 For HER2/neu slides were selected from the 4 classes of $^ { 0 , 1 + , 2 + , 3 + }$ .

All slides were labeled by slide index and antibody type. Slides were evaluated by three independent pathologists and than were repeatedly evaluated

by the GenASIs HiPath IHC family device.

A minimal washout time between manual and GenASIs HiPath analysis was 7 days.   
The precision of manual and system results is reported separately.

The following factors were used for testing GenASIs HighPath family precision:

i) Run – Each slide is re-evaluated three times on a same system and on a same day.   
ii) Day - Each slide is re-evaluated three times on non-consecutive days (at least 5 days apart) on a same system.   
iii) System - Each slide is re-evaluated three times using different systems (at least 7 days apart).

# HER2/neu (4B5)

The study includes forty (40) sample slides for each antibody, which represent the range of the intended use.

The R&R agreements for positive and negative sample slides analysis were:

Between-Run, Within-Day, Within-System:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(2+,3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(0,1+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 2 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr></table>

Between-Day, Within-System:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(2+,3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(0,1+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr></table>

Between-Systems:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(2+,3+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(0, 1+)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Syst 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 2 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr></table>

# PR (1E2)

The study include forty (40) sample slides for each antibody, which represent the range of the intended use.

The R&R agreements for positive and negative sample slides analysis were:

Between-Run, Within-Day, Within-System:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement( 1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(&lt;1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 2 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Between-Day, Within-System:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(&lt;1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr></table>

Between-Systems:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement( 1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(&lt;1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 2 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

# ER (SP1)

The study include forty (40) sample slides for each antibody, which represent the range of the intended use.

The R&R agreements for positive and negative sample slides analysis were:

Between-Run, Within-Day, Within-System:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement( 1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(&lt;1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 2 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Between-Day, Within-System:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement( 1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(&lt;1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Between-Systems:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement( 1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(&lt;1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 2 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Ki67 (30-9)

The study includes forty (40) sample slides for each antibody, which represent the range of the intended use.

The R&R agreement for positive and negative sample slides analysis was:

Between-Run, Within-Day, Within-System:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(≤10%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 1 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run 2 vs Run 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.2%</td></tr></table>

Between-Day, Within-System:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(≤10%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 1 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day 2 vs Day 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr></table>

Between-Systems:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Positive Agreement(&gt;10%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Negative Agreement(≤10%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 1 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sys 2 vs Sys 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.1%</td></tr></table>

c. Linearity

Not applicable

d. Carryover: Not applicable

e. Interfering Substances:

Not applicable

# 3. Other Supportive Instrument Performance Data Not Covered Above:

Not applicable

# K. Proposed Labeling

Labeling was prepared in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# L. Conclusion

Based on the above, it is Applied Spectral Imaging’s opinion that the proposed GenASIs HiPath IHC Family is substantially equivalent in terms of design, principles, and performance characteristics and is shown to be safe & effective for its intended use.