Coramed Technologies, LLC c/o Mr. Norman Brunner Director of RA/QA 6225 W. Howard Street Niles IL 60714

Re: k140893 Trade/Device Name: CORA (Coagulation Resonance Analysis) System with Platelet Mapping Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5700 Regulation Name: Automated platelet aggregation system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JOZ Dated: December 2, 2014 Received: December 3, 2014

Dear Mr. Brunner:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -A

for Mary S. Pastel, ScD Deputy Director for Radiological Health Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name CORA PlateletMapping Hemostasis System

Indications for Use (Describe) The CORA PlateletMapping System consists of the CORA analyzer and the CORA PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge. TheAPlte Mappisteteneaosi proi altativeent fTheysor hean mlepari who blo e mpo.

The CORA System PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge provides four channels of dried-in-place reagents, HKH (Kaolin wiHeparinase), Activator F, AA and ADP (one reagent in each channel). In combination, MA parameter results from these four reagents are used to calculate the parameters platelet $\%$ Inhibition and $\%$ Aggregation for AA and ADP.

aul   l he patient's medical history, the clinical picture and, if necessary, further hemostasis tests.

The CORA System with CORA PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge is indicated for use with adult patients where an evaluati thr blood hemostasis propert is desHemostass valuation wit he R PlateletMai Systuur u thrombosis conditions.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurn timohollection oation ate verhours  ons,cld time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain thedata needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# CORA® System PlateletMapping Assay 510(k) Summary

# APPLICANT INFORMATION

Name of Manufacturer: Coramed Technologies, LLC   
Manufacturer Street Address: 6225 W. Howard St.   
City, State, Zip: Niles, IL 60714   
Phone Number: (847) 647-8800   
FAX Number: (847) 510-0502   
Contact person for all communications: Norman E. Brunner Email for contact person: nbrunner@coramedtech.com Date that Summary was prepared: January 2, 2015

# DEVICE INFORMATION

Trade name (proprietary name): CORA® (Coagulation Resonance Analysis) System and the following assays and reagents

PlateletMapping® Assay Reagents (heparinized blood)

HKH (Kaolin with Heparinase), Kaolin $^ +$ Heparinase • ActF (ActivatorF) ADP (adenosine-5'-diphosphate) AA (Arachidonic Acid)

Common name (usual name): Whole Blood Hemostasis System

Classification Name: 21CFR 864.5700 Automated Platelet Aggregation System

# PREDICATE DEVICE

O Thrombelastograph $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ (TEG $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PlateletMapping Assay), K041502, Product Code JOZ (System, Automated Platelet Aggregation), Haemoscope Corporation

# DESCRIPTION OF THE DEVICE

# System Description

The CORA PlateletMappingSystem consists of a four-channel diagnostic analyzer with integrated computer module, system reagents (ActF, AA, ADP and HKH) and microfluidic test cartridge. See below for a description of system reagents. Reagents are dried-in-place within the cartridges during manufacturing.

To perform a test, a disposable CORA PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge is inserted into the analyzer. Blood is added to an entry port on the cartridge and drawn into the cartridge under analyzer control.The amount of the sample drawn into the cartridge is automatically determined by the volume of the blood chambers in the cartridge. Once in the disposable, the sample is metered into as many as four separate analysis channels, depending upon the assay being performed. Reconstitution of reagents dried within the cartridge is accomplished by moving the sample back and forth through reagent chambers, under the control of microfluidic valves and bellows within the cartridge.After each sample has been mixed with reagent, it is delivered to a test cell where it is monitored for changes due to coagulation.Excess sample material is moved under microfluidic control into an enclosed waste chamber within the cartridge.

# The CORA Measurement Technique

The CORA technology is based on a disposable containing up to four independent measurement cells. Each cell consists of a short vertically-oriented injection molded tube (ring) with a diameter of $2 . 5 \mathrm { m m }$ and a length of $4 . 5 \mathrm { m m }$ Detection of clotting in the CORA System is performed optically. Under control of the analyzer, approximately $2 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ of prepared sample is delivered to the tube, where a meniscus naturally forms at each end of the tube. The tube is positioned so that the lower meniscus partially blocks light traveling from a collimated source toward a photodiode.

During testing, a piezoelectric actuator drives the measurement cell(s) through a motion profile composed of summed sinusoids at different frequencies. The profile has a maximum amplitude of under $1 0 \mu \mathrm { m }$ and contains frequencies from $1 0 { - } 5 0 0 \mathrm { H z }$ . Some, but not all, of the measurement cell motion will induce motion in the sample meniscus, which will be detected by the photodiode. The resulting motion of the meniscus is monitored optically and analyzed by the analyzer to calculate the resonant frequency and modulus of elasticity (stiffness) of the sample. By performing a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) on meniscus motion data, it is possible to determine the frequencies of input motion that caused the greatest deflection of the sample (these are called the resonant frequencies).

Resonance is the tendency of a material or structure to oscillate with greater amplitude at some frequencies than others. The exact frequencies at which resonance occurs will depend on the stiffness and mass of the sample.Stiffess, in turn, is a function of a material's modulus of elasticity and the boundary conditions to which the material is exposed, such as the geometry and materials of a test cell. By holding these boundary conditions and sample mass constant from run to run, the CORA System allows direct comparison of elasticity between samples.

In a typical test, blood that has been delivered to the measurement cell will not clot for several minutes. During this time the sample has no inherent stiffness except that provided by surface tension, and since this remains constant the measured resonant frequencies will not change. Once clotting begins, however, the elastic modulus and thus the resonant frequencies increase rapidly. In tests where clotting does not occur, the resonant frequency of the sample will not change. During coagulation, however, a clot will bind to the test tube (ring) and the resonant frequency wil rise with increasing firmness of the clot. The CORA Analyzer collects meniscus motion data, tracks changing resonant frequencies and analyzes the frequency data to provide parameters describing the clot. Results are presented in a format identical to the TEG 5000.

The following definitions apply to calculated parameters in the CORA System:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CORAParameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Definition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purpose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA, or Maximum Amplitude, represents themaximum firmness of the clot during the test.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal / reduced / increasedclot elasticity/strength</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADP%Aggregation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level of ADP platelet activityaggregation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADP%Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level of ADP platelet activityinhibition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA%Aggregation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level of AA platelet activityaggregation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA%Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See below</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level of AA platelet activityinhibition</td></tr></table>

# PlateletMapping Assay and Reagents

The assay uses AA and ADP agonists to assess platelet aggregation or inhibition. Since thrombin (present in blood samples) is the primary and most potent activator of platelets, its activity must be inhibited with heparin so that the platelet inhibiting effects of ADP and AA can be measured.Throbin also converts fibrinogen into fibrin to create the fibrin mesh necessary for any clot formation, and converts Factor XII to Factor XIIIa for fibrin cross linking.Since thrombin has been rendered inactive by heparin, ActivatorF is used to replace thrombin's role in the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin and Factor XIII to Factor XIIIa. Thus, with this cross-linked fibrin network as the foundation (represented by $\mathbf { M A _ { A c t F } } ,$ ), additional clot strength due to platelet-fibrin bonding related to ADP $\mathrm { ( M A _ { A D P } ) }$ and AA $\mathrm { ( M A _ { A A } ) }$ platelet receptor activation can be measured. The HKH reagent, a combination of Kaolin and Heparinase, generates test data for the uninhibited MA $( \mathrm { M A _ { K } } )$ resulting from thrombin activation of the blood sample, while the Heparinase neutralizes the effects of heparin.

For calculations of clot strength reduction, percent MA reduction is

$$
\begin{array} { r } { 1 0 0 - \bigg [ \Big \{ \frac { M A _ { P } - M A _ { A c t F } } { M A _ { K } - M A _ { A c t F } } \Big \} * 1 0 0 \bigg ] , ~ ( E q u a t i o n ~ I ) } \end{array}
$$

where MAp can be either ${ \bf M A _ { A D P } }$ or $\mathrm { M A } _ { \mathrm { A A } }$ . AA Aggregation and Inhibition, and ADP Aggregation and Inhibition are parameters derived from the CORA MA parameters for the ActF, AA, ADP and HKH reagents, as described above. Following are the equations used by the CORA System to derive these parameters:

AA Pe $\begin{array} { r l } { { \mathrm { r c e n t ~ A g g r e g a t i o n } } = \ } & { \left[ \left\{ \frac { M A _ { A A } - M A _ { A c t F } } { M A _ { K } - M A _ { A c t F } } \right\} * 1 0 0 \right] , ( \mathrm { m a x i m u m ~ o f ~ } 1 0 0 \% ) } \\ { { \mathrm { e r c e n t ~ A g g r e g a t i o n } } = } & { \left[ \left\{ \frac { M A _ { A D P } - M A _ { A c t F } } { M A _ { K } - M A _ { A c t F } } \right\} * 1 0 0 \right] , ( \mathrm { m a x i m u m ~ o f ~ } 1 0 0 \% ) } \end{array}$ (Equation 2) ADP P AA Percent Inhibition $= 1 0 0 - \mathbf { A A }$ Percent Aggregation, (minimum of $0 \%$ 0 (Equation 4) ADP Percent Inhibition $= 1 0 0 - \mathrm { { A D P } }$ Percent Aggregation, (minimum of $0 \%$ ) (Equation 5)

# INTENDED USE AND INDICATIONS FOR USE

The CORA PlateletMapping System consists of the CORA analyzer and the CORA PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge. The CORA Platelet Mapping System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use to provide qualitative assessment of platelet function. The CORA System records the kinetic changes in a sample of heparinized whole blood as the sample clots.

The CORA System PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge provides four channels of dried-in-place reagents, HKH (Kaolin with Heparinase), Activator F, AA and ADP (one reagent in each channel). In combination, MA parameter results from these four reagents are used to calculate the parameters platelet $\%$ Inhibition and $\%$ Aggregation for AA and ADP.

Results from the CORA analysis should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis, but should be evaluated together with the patient's medical history, the clinical picture and, if necessary, further hemostasis tests.

The CORA System with CORA PlateletMapping Assay Cartridge is indicated for use with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood hemostasis properties is desired. Hemostasis evaluation with the CORA PlateletMapping System is used to assess clinical conditions in cardiovascular surgery and cardiology procedures to assess hemorrhage or thrombosis conditions.

# SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS COMPARING THE CORA SYSTEM TO THE TEG 5000 PREDICATE DEVICE

# Table of Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEG® 5000 Platelet MappingPredicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CORA® System Platelet Mapping</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technological Purpose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitoring the response of a clot tolow levels of applied strain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitoring the response of a clot tolow levels of applied strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>What is measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Changes in clot elasticity over time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Changes in clot elasticity over time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial Warm Up Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 min</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time to Complete a Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Varies with assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as TEG 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assays and Reagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelet Mapping Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ActF, AA, ADP and Kaolin withHeparinase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ActF, AA, ADP and HKH reagents,same materials as TEG 5000</td></tr></table>

# Table of Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEG® 5000 Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CORA® System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thrombelastography analyzer,separate computer and software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully integrated Thrombelastographyanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Technique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Direct-contact measurement of shearelasticity of a coagulating sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-contact measurement of shearelasticity of a coagulating sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Channels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2, each independent andinterchangeable</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4, each independent andinterchangeableOptical detection (siliconphotodiode) of the motion of a freesurface of the sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Signal Transducer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromechanical detection (rotaryvariable inductive transformer) ofrotary motion of a pin suspended inthe sample</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20° to 40°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20° to 50°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume (perchannel)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360-380 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Reaction Volume(single channel)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360-380μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mains Supply Voltage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120V, 60Hz and 220V, 50Hz modelavailable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100-240V, 50-60Hz (internationalpower supply)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer Input Voltage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 volts AC, 30 watts max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 volts DC, 60 watts max</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level and vibration free position, nosolar radiationOperating temperature:10° to 35°CStorage Temperature:-30° to 50°C (analyzer only)Relative humidity 20 to 80% (non-condensing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable and level surfaceOperating Temperature10° to 32°CStorage Temperature:-20° to 50°C (analyzer only)Relative humidity 20 to 80% (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed by the operator usingpipettes to reconstitute reagents andmix reagents with the sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performed under analyzer controlwithin the disposable cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pipetting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual accurate pipettes(10, 20, 50, 100, 340, 360, 500,1000μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unmetered transfer pipette orsyringe; blood sample is added untilit fills to a level above the linemarked on the blood intake well ofthe cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Consumables</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cups &amp; Pins (acrylic plastic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carrier (acrylic plastic) withmicrofluidics laminate and test rings(acrylic plastic)</td></tr></table>

# SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

# Analytical Precision

Testing was performed in Coramed's laboratory for precision, using CLSI EP5-A2 as guidance.

Three types of donor heparinized whole blood (CWB) samples were used in precision testing for the HKH reagent:

Hypo (donors with naturally low coagulation levels, as indicated by MA parameter near the lower limit of the reference range);   
Normal (donors with natural coagulation levels of MA parameters near the center of the reference ranges):   
Hyper (donors with naturally high coagulation levels, as indicated by and MA parameter near the upper limit of the reference range.

For ADP and AA Aggregation and Inhibition Precision testing, sample types to be used are:

Normal (donors with little or no platelet inhibition, inhibition levels well below cut-off values) • Abnormal (donors with platelet inhibition levels above cut-off values)

Testing was performed with blood draws from three donors (one Hypo, one Normal, and one Hyper) for HKH and two donors (Normal and Abnormal) for AA and ADP Percent Aggregation and Inhibition, on each of five days (non-consecutive). Testing was performed by two operators using three reagent lots and twelve analyzers, two replicates. The structure of this precision test is shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>Sample Type (Hypo, Normal or Hyper)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Day 1 (Total of 5 days)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Operator 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td></tr></table>

# Structure of Precision Testing

p

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reagent Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analyzer (withinOperator, ReagentLot)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Day(within Analyzer,Operator, ReagentLot)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total²</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HKH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HKH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyper</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HKH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr></table>

1Operator includes operator and operator-by-reagent lot interaction

reagent lot) and repeatability

The percent positive and negative agreement for the AA and ADP $\%$ aggregation/inhibition at low and high level platelet function samples was $100 \%$ .

# Interference

# Testing was performed in Coramed's laboratory for interference, using CLSI EP7-A2 as guidance.

For PlateletMapping Assays ActF, AA and ADP, potential interferents tested were Short Draw and Hemodilution. AA and ADP were also tested for interference with Hemolysis. For ActF, no interferents were found. For AA, Hemolysis and Short Draw (less than $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ in a $4 \mathrm { m L }$ tube) were found to be interferents. For ADP, Short Draw (less than $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ in a $4 \mathrm { m L }$ tube) and Hemodilution levels above $40 \%$ were found to be interferents. HKH potential interferents tested were Absence of a Discard Tube, Short Draw, Hemolysis, Hemodilution and epsilon aminocaprioc acid (EACA). Interferents were Hemolysis and Hemodilution levels above $40 \%$ .

# SUMMARY OF CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

Testing was performed at three clinical sites for Reference Ranges and Method Comparison.

# Reference Ranges

Reference Ranges for the CORA PlateletMapping Assays were estimated using the CLSI C28-A3c Guideline on three reference sample groups. Blood samples from up to 55 normal volunteer subjects were taken at each of the three sites, for a total of approximately 150 samples (see below). Subjects were chosen representing demographic populations of the three areas, regarding age, race and gender. These reference ranges are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparinized BloodParameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HKH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 - 68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ActF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 - 69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 - 71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Aggregation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal &lt; 83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal ≥ 83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Aggregation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal &lt; 89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Inhibition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal ≥ 89%</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison

Method Comparison studies were conducted at three clinical sites on patient samples following CLSI EP09-A3 Guideline. The subjects enrolled were patients undergoing heart surgery or PCI procedures, with blood samples drawn pre- and post-surgery and in the ICU. Summary statistics are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Surgical Patients and Normal Donors (for CORA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>ADP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>AA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Specificity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CORA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>74.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>82.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>84.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 87.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 89.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 91.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEG 5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>94.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>39.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>88.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>50.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 98.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 49.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 92.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>to 70.9%</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM NON-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL TESTING

The data and information provided in this submission support a substantial equivalence determination for the CORA System with PlateletMapping Assay and the TEG 5000 Thromboelastograph Platelet Mapping Assay predicate device. Therefore, clearance of this 510(k) premarket notification for the CORA analyzer, with PlateletMapping Assay should be granted.