# Special 510(k) Summary - Device Modification

# Introduction

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92 and the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990.

# Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Clinical Systems Division 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive Hercules, CA 94545

Contact Person

Ebony McKinnies   
Regulatory Affairs Representative III   
(510)741-6265

Date Submitted

April 23, 2014

Device Name

VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program

Classification

Glycosylated hemoglobin assay, 21 CFR 864.7470 [LCP]

Predicate Device

Table 1: Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Regulation andCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANTTM II TURBO Link HemoglobinAlc Program</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K070819</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7470 [LCP]</td></tr></table>

Intended and Indications for Use

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended for the percent determination of hemoglobin Alc in human whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program is for use with the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System interfaced with an automated sample transport system.

The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is Professional Use Ony.

Measurement of hemoglobin Alc is effective in monitoring long-term glycemic control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program Special 510(k)  Device Modification

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System is the next generation VARIANT II TURBO Hemoglobin Testing System. It integrates the VARIANT II TURBO with the Sysmex HST-N (Hematology Sample Transportation)/XN-9000 TLA systems to allow management of patient sample tubes with Alc order on the same platform. The VARIANT II TURBO Link system communicates with the Sysmex HST-N/XN-9000 TLA hardware and software in order to receive, identify, inject, and analyze samples with an Alc order.

The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System is a fully automated, highthroughput hemoglobin analyzer. It consists of three modules  the VARIANT II TURBO Link Chromatographic Station (VCS), the VARIANT II TURBO Link Sampling Station (VSS), and the Reagent Reservoir Module. In addition, a personal computer (PC) is used to control the VARIANT II TURBO Link system using Clinical Data Management (CDMTM) software.

Table 2: FDA-cleared assays for use on the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System with CDM Software   

<table><tr><td>VARIANT II TURBO Link Assay</td><td>Assay Part No.</td><td>Component Names and Part Nos. The assay contains the following components</td><td>Explanation of Test 1*$</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program</td><td>270-2716</td><td>Whole Blood Primer, 270-0352, 270- 0351, 270-0352 Elution Buffer A, 270-2717 Elution Buffer B, 270-2718 Wash/Diluent Solution, 270-2729 CD-ROM, 270-2719 Cartridge Set, 270-22724 Sample Vials, 270-2149 Calibrator/Diluent Set Additional Required/Available components: Wash/Diluent Solution Set, 270-2730 Elution Buffer A Set Prefilters, 270-2713 Stainless Steel Prefilter Adapters, 270- 2465 Microvial Adapters, 270-2720, 270-2721</td><td colspan="2">The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program is a well established method of measuring the level of Hemoglobin Alc in red blood cells. Therapy for diabetes requires the long-term maintenance of a blood glucose level as close as possible to normal levels to minimize the risk of long-term vascular consequences.</td></tr></table>

The following table shows the similarities and differences between the predicate and modified device.

Comparison to Predicate Device   
Table 3: VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate:Bio-Rad VARLANTTM [I TURBOLink Hemoglobin Alc ProgramK070819 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified deviceBio-Rad VARIANTTM II TURBO LinkHemoglobin Alc ProgramK140801         </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Ion-exchange high performance liquid chromatography</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Anticoagulated whole blood (EDTA)</td></tr></table>

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin AIc Program Special 510(k) - Device Modification

Description of Change   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature∴</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate:Bio-Rad VARIANTTM 1I TURBOLink Hemoglobin Alc ProgramK070819</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Modified deviceBio-Rad VARIANTTM II TURBO LinkHemoglobin Alc ProgramK140801</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Human anticoagulated whole blood treated with EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Certification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Certified by the NGSP as traceable to the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial(DCCT) Reference method.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Windows Operating System with Proprietary Assay Software</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>1600 Tests: Whole Blood Primer (6 vials), Elution Buffer A (1 each), Elution BufferB (1 each), Calibrator/Diluent Set (1 each), CD-ROM (1 each), Cartridge Set (1 each),Sample vials - package of 100 (2 each), Wash/Diluent Solution (1 each).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Cation Exchange Matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety Standards forElectrical Equipmentfor IVD Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>BS EN 61010 Certified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectromagneticCompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>BS EN 61326 Certified</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is intended forthe percent determination of hemoglobin A1c in human whole blood using ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).The VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program is for use with theVARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Testing System interfaced with an automatedsample transport system.The Bio-Rad VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A lc Program is forProfessional Use Only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance Claims</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>No change, claims transferred from predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDM Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CDM Software version 4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CDM Software version 5.2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reporting Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%HbA1c (NGSP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% HbAic (NGSP), mmol/mol HbAic(IFCC), or %HbA1c (JDS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printing Options</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Export text file to external printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>External printer and Export to PDF options</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT II TURBOLink Testing SystemFirmware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPROMVCS 41.507VSS 51.505VSS PUMP4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FLASHN/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPROMVCS 41.507VSS 51.815VSS PUMP4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HST FLASHVCS 42.507VSS 52.815VSS Pump5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN 9000 FLASHVTCS 42.507VTSS 52.815VTSS PUMP5.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated SamplingStation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sysmex HST Trackline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Sysmex HST or Sysmex XN-9000Trackline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Historical DatabaseReview</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Archive Viewer — this tool does not allowtransmission to an LIS, and is not intendedfor repeat reporting.</td></tr></table>

The software updates include customer requested features, whereas both software and firmware include specific defect fixes. When compared to the predicate device, there are no changes to the performance specifications, intended or indications for use, or operating principles. Moreover, Risk Analysis and Verification/Validation testing results demonstrate that the changes do not affect product safety, effectiveness, and substantial equivalency claims.

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. VARIANTTM II TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program Special 510(k) - Device Modification

# Risk Management Process for Device Modifications

In accordance with 1S0 14971:2012, and internal risk management processes and procedures a defined risk analysis was used to identify, mitigate, or eliminate potential risks associated with the device modifications. For each identified risk, a Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) was conducted. This was performed in a systematic manner by a trained risk assessment team until consensus was reached that an adequate analysis had been performed. The risk evaluation for the device software and firmware modifications included the following tasks:

Reviewed modifications and design inputs to identify potential risks and hazards; Reviewed existing product risk tables and customer complaints to identify potential risks and hazards; Considered requirements of IEC 62304:2009, Software Design and Development processes and plan to identify potential risks and hazards; Identified and implemented risk mitigations and hazard controls through software, hardware, and labeling for misuse and use scenarios; Updated existing FMEA and Hazard Analysis tables with newly identified risks, software defects, residual risks, mitigations and hazard controls; L Evaluated modified product using established verification and validation processes, plans and protocols with appropriate acceptance criteria that determined whether risk mitigations, hazard controls, and residual risks were as safe and effective as the predicate device; Conducted a comprehensive risk management review and wrote a Risk Management Report that summarized all risk activities and deemed the modified product safe, effective, and comparable to the predicate device.

Design verification/validation tests met established acceptance criteria.

When considering the similarities of the intended use, general features and characteristics of the assay, and use of the same technology, it can be concluded that the VARIANT II TURBO Link Hemoglobin A1c Program is substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate device.

BIO-RAD LABORATORIES, INC.   
EBONY MCKINNIES   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS REPRESENTATIVE III 4000 ALFRED NOBEL DR.   
HERCULES CA 94547

Re: K140801 Trade/Devicc Name: VARIANT™ TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LCP Dated: May 23. 2014 Received: May 27. 2014

Dear Ms. McKinnies:

We have reviewed your Scction 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenccd above and have determincd the devicc is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to i ta havbeen ecassi  oan with th poisns  hFel FoDrug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practicc. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not cvaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. howcver, that devicc labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your devicc is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be foud in the Code o Federal Regulations. Tite . Pars 00 to . In dition. FA y publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
htp:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResoureesforYou/Industry/default.htm.Also. please note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 7.9For questions regarding the reporting o adverse events under the MDR regulatin 21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
hutp:/www.Ida.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education al its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.Ida.gov/MedicalDevices/RcsourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Katherine Serrano -S

For: Courtney H. Lias Director Division of Chemistry and-Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K140801

Device Name VARIANTTM I1 TURBO Link Hemoglobin AIc Program

Indications for Use (Describe)

TBioa  igobr tilo human whol bloousingn-exchange ig-perorma qu roatraphy(HPLC).

TA ioT Bi System interfaced with an automated sample transport system.

The Bio-Rad VARIANT 11 TURBO Link Hemoglobin Alc Program is Professional Use Only.   
Mo.