BD Biosciences   
$\%$ Ms. Elizabeth Landon   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
2350 Qume Drive   
San Jose, California 95131   
Re: K141468   
Trade/Device Name: BD FACSCanto flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration) with BD FACSCanto clinical software and BD FACSDiva software and BD FACSCanto II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) with BD FACSCanto clinical software and BD FACSDiva software   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220   
Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: OYE   
Dated: January 26, 2015   
Received: January 27, 2015

Dear Ms. Landon:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of February 27, 2015.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809] ); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809] ), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

FOR K   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name

BD FACSCanto™ flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration) with BD FACSCanto™ clinical software and BD FACSDiva™ software

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BD FACSCanto flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration) functions as part of a system with dedicated clinical software intended for use with cleared or approved in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays that are indicated for use with the instrument for the identification and enumeration of human cell subsets. Only six detection channels using a blue $4 8 8 \mathrm { n m } )$ and a red $\left( 6 4 0 \mathrm { n m } \right)$ laser have been cleared for in vitro diagnostic use. For use with or without the BD FACS Sample Prep Assistant III.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Device Name

BD FACSCanto™ II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) with BD FACSCanto™ clinical software and BD FACSDiva™ software

Indications for Use (Describe)

The BD FACSCanto II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) function as part of a system with dedicated clinical software intended for use with cleared or approved in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays that are indicated for use with the instrument for the identification and enumeration of human cell subsets. Only six detection channels using a blue $( 4 8 8 \mathrm { n m } )$ and a red $( 6 3 3 \mathrm { n m } )$ laser have been cleared for in vitro diagnostic use. For use with or without the BD FACS Sample Prep Assistant III.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Date of Summary: Feb. 26, 2015

# 5.1 Submitted By

BD Biosciences   
2350 Qume Drive   
San Jose, CA 95131-1807 USA   
Contact: Elizabeth Landon, Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Telephone: (408) 954-4149   
Fax: (408) 954-2347   
Email: elizabeth_landon@BD.com

5.2 Trade Name/Device Name: BD FACSCantoTM flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration ) with BD FACSCantoTM clinical software and BD FACSDivaTM software and

BD FACSCantoTM II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) with BD FACSCantoTM clinical software and BD FACSDivaTM software

Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter   
Classification Panel: Hematology and Pathology Devices Panel   
Classification Code: OYE   
Regulation: 21 CFR 864.5220

# 5.3 Indications for Use

Device Name: BD FACSCantoTM II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) with BD FACSCantoTM clinical software and BD FACSDivaTM software

The BD FACSCantoTM II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) function as part of a system with dedicated clinical software intended for use with cleared or approved in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays that are indicated for use with the instrument for the identification and enumeration of human cell subsets. Only six detection channels using a blue $( 4 8 8 \mathrm { n m } )$ and a red $( 6 3 3 \mathrm { n m } )$ laser have been cleared for in vitro diagnostic use. For use with or without the BD FACSTM Sample Prep Assistant III.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Device Name: BD FACSCantoTM flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration ) with BD FACSCantoTM clinical software and BD FACSDivaTM software

The BD FACSCantoTM flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration) functions as part of a system with dedicated clinical software intended for use with cleared or approved in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays that are indicated for use with the instrument for the identification and enumeration of human cell subsets. Only six detection channels using a blue $4 8 8 \mathrm { n m } )$ and a red ( $6 4 0 \mathrm { n m } )$ laser have been cleared for in vitro diagnostic use. For use with or without the BD FACSTM Sample Prep Assistant III.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

# 5.4 Basic Description of the Device

The BD FACSCanto and FACSCanto II (BD FACSCanto II 4-2-2, BD FACSCanto II 5-3 and BD FACSCanto 4-3-3 configurations) are comprised of a flow cytometer, a fluidics cart, and a computer workstation. The flow cytometer acquires and analyzes the sample, the fluidics cart contains operational fluids, and the computer displays and prints the analysis. The flow cytometer utilizes three subsystems: fluidics, optics, and electronics. The computer workstation runs two software packages: BD FACSCanto clinical software for automatic immunophenotyping assays prepared using the lyse/wash or lyse/no-wash methods, and BD FACSDiva software for installation, service, and manual user-validated applications. The BD FACSCanto and FACSCanto II systems can optionally be used with the BD FACSLoader for automatic sample introduction, a standalone barcode reader for data input into BD FACSCanto clinical software and BD FACSDiva software, and/or the BD FACS Sample Prep Assistant III for automatic sample preparation of assays utilizing the lyse/no-wash method.

The BD FACSCanto II system is available in three configurations. The base “4-2” configuration model (cleared by K062087) contains two lasers (blue and red) and seven photomultiplier tubes (PMTs); the $^ { 6 } 5 . 3 ^ { , 9 }$ and $^ { 6 6 } 4 \small { - } 2 \small { - } 2 ^ { 3 }$ configuration models contain the same two lasers (blue and red). The systems have two additional PMTs for a total of nine. Additionally, the 4-2-2 model is also manufactured with a $4 0 5 \mathrm { - n m }$ violet laser. The 5-3 and 4-2-2 configurations support the detection of additional fluorochromes for research applications. Only six detection channels using the red and blue lasers within these models can be used with IVD assays. The performance between the three configurations in their detection of forward scatter (FSC), side scatter (SSC), and the six common fluorochromes are the same and performance and clinical data show equivalent results for the IVD assays. The only difference is in their capability to detect an additional seventh or eighth fluorescence parameter for research use only applications.

The BD FACSCanto system is available in two configurations. The base $^ { 6 6 } 4 \mathrm { - } 2 ^ { 9 }$ configuration model (cleared by K040725 and K041074) contains two lasers (blue and red) and seven photomultiplier tubes (PMTs); the $" 4 . 3 \ – 3 "$ configuration model contains blue and red lasers as well. The 4-3-3 configuration has four additional PMTs for a total of eleven. Additionally, the 4-3-3 configuration is manufactured with a $4 0 5 \mathrm { - n m }$ violet laser, which is the same laser used within the BD FACSCanto II family. This violet laser supports the detection of additional fluorochromes for research applications. Only six detection channels using the red and blue lasers within this model can be used with IVD assays. The performance between the two configurations in their detection of forward scatter (FSC), side scatter (SSC), and the six common fluorochromes are the same and performance and clinical data show equivalent results for the IVD assays. The only difference is in their capability is to detect additional fluorescence parameters (up to 10 colors and 12 parameters) for research use only applications.

Table 5-1: Instrument Configurations of BD FACSCanto II   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lasers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optics andParameter/FluorochromeDetection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCanto II 4-2(reference device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488-nm (blue)633-nm (red)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 photomultiplier tubesParameter detection: FSC, SSC, sixfluorochromes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCanto II 5-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488-nm (blue)633-nm (red)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 photomultiplier tubesParameter detection: FSC, SSC,eight fluorochromes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCanto II 4-2-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405-nm (violet)488-nm (blue)633-nm (red)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 photomultiplier tubesParameter detection: FSC, SSC,eight fluorochromes</td></tr></table>

Table 5-2: Instrument Configurations of BD FACSCanto   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lasers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optics andParameter/FluorochromeDetection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCanto 4-2(predicate device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>488-nm (blue)633-nm (red)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 photomultiplier tubesParameter detection: FSC, SSC, sixfluorochromes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BD FACSCanto 4-3-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405-nm (violet)488-nm (blue)640-nm (red)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11 photomultiplier tubesParameter detection: FSC, SSC, tenfluorochromes</td></tr></table>

The performance of these configurations in their detection of forward scatter (FSC), side scatter (SSC), and the six common fluorochromes is equivalent to the predicate BD FACSCanto 4-2 configuration. The only difference is in their capability to detect additional fluorescence parameters (for research use only).

The IVD applications/assays remain unchanged and perform equivalently across configurations.

# 5.5 Predicate Device

BD FACSCanto system (4-2 configuration) with BD FACSCanto clinical software and BD FACSDiva software (premarket notifications K041074 and K040725 respectively).

# 5.6 Reference Device

BD FACSCanto II system (4-2 configuration) with BD FACSCanto clinical software and BD FACSDiva software (K062087).

# 5.7 Predicate Device and Reference Device Selection Rationale

The BD FACSCanto 4-2 configuration (cleared with K041074 and K040725) is chosen as predicate since the subsequent configurations were based on the same starting platform and it was representative to all three devices in the submission. Additionally, the BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration is used as a reference device since all the changes made in BD FACSCanto II platform, which includes the 5-3 and 4-2-2 configurations, were cleared in K062087.

# 5.8 Comparison to the Predicate - Similarities and Differences

# 5.8.1 Intended Use

Intended use statements are noted in Table 5-3 below.

# 5.8.2 Technological Characteristics

The technological differences between the BD FACSCanto II 5-3, BD FACSCanto II 4-2-2, and BD FACSCanto 4-3-3 configurations and the BD FACSCanto system 4-2 configuration are in the areas of optics and detection capability. The primary changes are additional detectors and a third laser to expand research use parameters.

The performance of the IVD channels, using IVD assays, has been verified to be equivalent between all configurations against the predicate BD FACSCanto system 4-2 configuration.

Table 5-3: Similarities/Differences – Predicate and reference devices (BD FACSCanto 4-2, BD FACSCanto II 4-2) against subject devices (BD FACSCanto II 5-3, BDFACSCanto II 4-2-2 and BD FACSCanto 4-3-3]   

<table><tr><td>Feature/ Attribute</td><td>BD FACSCanto (4-2): Predicate Device</td><td>BD FACSCanto II (4-2): Reference Device</td><td>BD FACSCanto II (5-3)</td><td>BD FACSCanto II (4-2-2)</td><td>BD FACSCanto (4-3-3)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The BD FACSCanto (4-2) system is intended for use as in vitro diagnostic devices for the identification and enumeration of lymphocyte subsets in human cells in</td><td>The BD FACSCanto II (4-2) system is intended for use as in vitro diagnostic devices for the identification and</td><td>The BD FACSCanto II flow cytometers (4-2-2, and 5-3 configurations) function as part of a</td><td>Same as BD FACSCanto II (5-3)</td><td>The BD FACSCanto flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration) functions as part of a system with</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>suspension.</td><td>enumeration of lymphocyte subsets in</td><td>clinical software intended for use with</td><td></td><td>software intended for use</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>•</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>cleared or approved in</td><td></td><td>with cleared or approved</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Immunophenotyping in</td><td>human cells in</td><td></td><td></td><td>in vitro diagnostic (IVD)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>clinical laboratories,</td><td>suspension.</td><td>vitro diagnostic (IVD)</td><td></td><td>assays that are indicated</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>assays that are indicated</td><td></td><td>for use with the</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>using previously cleared</td><td>Immunophenotyping</td><td>for use with the</td><td></td><td>instrument for the</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>in vitro diagnostic assays</td><td>in clinical</td><td>instrument for the</td><td></td><td>identification and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>for flow cytometry.</td><td>laboratories, using</td><td>identification and</td><td></td><td>enumeration of human</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>previously cleared in</td><td>enumeration of human</td><td></td><td>cell subsets. Only six</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Identification and enumeration of</td><td>vitro diagnostic</td><td>cell subsets. Only six</td><td></td><td>detection channels using a</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>lymphocyte subsets in</td><td>assays for flow cytometry.</td><td>detection channels using</td><td></td><td>blue (488 nm) and a red</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>human cells in</td><td></td><td>a blue (488 nm) and a</td><td></td><td>(640 nm) laser have been</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>suspension.</td><td>Identification and</td><td>red (633 nm) laser have</td><td></td><td>cleared for in vitro</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>enumeration of</td><td>been cleared for in vitro</td><td></td><td>diagnostic use. For use</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>For in vitro diagnostic</td><td>lymphocyte subsets</td><td>diagnostic use. For use with or without the BD</td><td></td><td>with or without the BD</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>use.</td><td>in human cells in</td><td>FACS Sample Prep</td><td></td><td>FACS Sample Prep</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>suspension.</td><td>Assistant III.</td><td></td><td>Assistant III.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>For use with or without the BD FACS Sample</td><td></td><td>For in vitro diagnostic</td><td></td><td>For in vitro diagnostic</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Prep Assistant II.</td><td>For in vitro</td><td>use.</td><td></td><td>use.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>diagnostic use.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>For use with or</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>without the BD</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>FACS Sample Prep</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Assistant III</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Automated Differential Cell</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Classification</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Same</td><td>Same</td><td>Same</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Counter 21 CDR 864.5220</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>and Product Code</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Product Code: OYE</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td></table>

<table><tr><td>Feature/ Attribute</td><td>BD FACSCanto (4-2): Predicate Device</td><td>BD FACSCanto II (4-2): Reference Device</td><td>BD FACSCanto ⅡI (5-3)</td><td>BD FACSCanto ⅡI (4-2-2)</td><td>BD FACSCanto (4-3-3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">IVD Excitation</td><td>Blue laser 488nm solid state, 20mW</td><td>Blue laser Same</td><td>Blue laser Same</td><td>Blue laser Same</td><td>Blue laser Same</td></tr><tr><td>Red laser 633nm HeNe, 17mW</td><td>Red laser Same</td><td>Red laser Same</td><td>Red laser Same</td><td>Red laser 640nm solid state, 40mW</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">IVD Optical Detection</td><td>1st detector array Blue "octagon" receives 488nm-excited and scattered light. The array is configured to detect SSC and 4 fluorochromes (FITC, PE, PerCP/PerCP-Cy5.5, PE-Cy7)</td><td>1st detector array modified to enable additional detectors in 5-3 configuration</td><td>1st detector array same as BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration but an additional detector is enabled</td><td>1st detector array same as BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration</td><td>1st detector array similar to BD FACSCanto 4-2 configuration with minor filter modification.</td></tr><tr><td>2nd detector array Red "trigon" receives 633nm- excited light. The array is configured to detect 2 fluorochromes (APC, APC- Cy7)</td><td>2nd detector array modified to enable additional detectors in 5-3 configuration</td><td>2nd detector array same as BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration but an additional detector is enabled</td><td>2nd detector array same as BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration</td><td>2nd detector array similar to BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration, with minor filter modification. An additional detector is enabled.</td></tr><tr><td>Electronics</td><td>Electronics boards containing acquisition electronics components</td><td>Electronics board with improved preamplifier circuitry.</td><td>Same as BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration.</td><td>Same as BD FACSCanto II 4-2 configuration.</td><td>Similar to BD FACSCanto 4-2 with modifications to the pre- amplifier circuitry.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Feature/Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BD FACSCanto (4-2):Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BD FACSCanto II (4-2):Reference Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BD FACSCanto ⅡI(5-3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BD FACSCanto II(4-2-2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BD FACSCanto(4-3-3)</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluidics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Consists of a pinch valveassembly which controls theflow of sample, saline, andwaste fluids. Includes aseparate wet cart assembly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Consists of a block thatduplicates FACSCantofluidic scheme. Use ofmanifold improvesreliability and ease ofserviceability.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoII 4-2 configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BDFACSCanto II 4-2configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoI1I 4-2 configuration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluidics Cart</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Original FACSCanto designith FACSFlowM sheathfluid cubitainer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSCanto fluidicscart with theincorporation of amanifold assembly andimproved chemicalcompatibility of valvematerial.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoII 4-2 configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BDFACSCanto II 4-2configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoII 4-2 configuration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Original FACSCanto Sampleinjection tube (SIT) design</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SIT with modified tubeguide, sensor, and probetip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoII 4-2 configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BDFACSCanto II 4-2configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCanto4-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated SamplePresentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSLoader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSLoader withupdated motor, pneumaticactuation, and slidingaccess doors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoII 4-2 configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BDFACSCanto II 4-2configuration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCanto4-2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSCanto clinicalsoftware v1.0 or higherBD FACSDiva software v4.0or higher</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSCanto clinicalsoftware v2.1 or higher(currently v3.0)BD FACSDiva softwarev5.0.1 or higher</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BD FACSCantoII 4-2 configuration(currently v3.0).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as BDFACSCanto II 4-2configuration(currently v3.0).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BD FACSCanto clinicalsoftware v2.4 or higher(currently v3.0)BD FACSDiva softwarev7.0 or higher.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Setup andQuality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated setup using BDFACSCanto clinical softwareand BD FACS 7-color setupbeads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual pipetting for thelyse/wash or lyse/no-washmethods, or automated withthe BD FACS Sample PrepAssistant (SPA) for thelyse/no-wash method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay-dependent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

indicated sample type in the assay’s IFU.

# 5.9 Substantial Equivalence

Performance of the different configurations of the BD FACSCanto and BD FACSCanto II is equivalent. All instruments have similar intended uses and similar operating principles; any differences in technological characteristics are accompanied by information that demonstrates the devices are as safe and effective as the predicate device configuration. Therefore, these devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate, the BD FACSCanto 4-2 flow cytometry system.

# 5.10 Performance Data

Table 5-4: Performance Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy/MethodComparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on Method Comparison andBias Estimation Using PatientSamples, CLSI document EP9-A2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BD FACSCanto II system 4-2-2 and5-3 configurations and BD FACSCantosystem 4-3-3 configuration demonstratedequivalent performance to the predicatefor the BD MultitestIMK Kit (4-color) and BD Multitest6-colorTBNK (with Trucount™) assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on Evaluation of PrecisionPerformance of Clinical ChemistryDevices, CLSI document EP5-A2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay dependent. The BD FACSCanto IIsystem 4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations andBD FACSCanto system 4-3-3configuration demonstrated equivalentperformance to the predicate for the BDMultitest IMK Kit (4-color) and BDMultitest 6-color TBNK (with Trucount)assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on Evaluation of theLinearity of QuantitativeMeasurement Approaches: AStatistical Approach, CLSIdocument EP6-A.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay- dependent. The BD FACSCantoII system 4-2-2 and 5-3 configurationsand BD FACSCanto system 4-3-3configuration demonstrated equivalentperformance to the predicate for the BDMultitest IMK Kit (4-color) and BDMultitest 6-color TBNK (with Trucount)assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carryover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three samples with a high WhiteBlood Cell concentration wereacquired, followed by three lowWBC concentration samples.Carryover Calculation:100% * [ (L1-L3) / (H3-L3) ]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The mean carryover measured frommanual acquisition and the meancarryover from Loader acquisition bothmet the acceptance criteria described.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 5.11 Conclusion

The BD FACSCantoTM II flow cytometers (4-2-2 and 5-3 configurations) and BD FACSCantoTM flow cytometer (4-3-3 configuration) demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device BD FACSCantoTM system 4-2 configuration.