Sysmex America, Inc. c/o Ms. Sharita Brooks Manager Clinical Affairs 577 Aptakisic Road Lincolnshire, IL. 60069

Re: k141681 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ XN-Series (XN-11, XN-21) Automated Hematology Analyzers Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: October 30, 2014 Received: October 31, 2014

Dear Ms. Brooks:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k141681

Device Name XN-Series (XN-11, XN-21) Automated Hematology Analyzers

The XN-Series modules (XN-11, XN-21) are quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzers intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical and reference laboratories.

The XN-Series modules classify and enumerate the following parameters in whole blood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, $\mathrm { L Y M P H \% / }$ #, MONO%/#, $\mathrm { E O \% }$ #, $\mathrm { B A S O \% / \# }$ , $\operatorname { I G } \%$ /#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, $\mathrm { N R B C } \# / \%$ , $\mathrm { R E T \% } / \#$ , IPF, IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode for body fluids. The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF, $\mathbf { M N \% } / \#$ , $\mathrm { P M N } \% / \#$ , and TC-BF parameters in body fluids (peritoneal, pleural and synovial). Whole blood should be collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ anticoagulant and peritoneal, pleural and synovial fluids in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ anticoagulant to prevent clotting of fluid.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 005 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is:

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Submitted by:</td><td>Sysmex America, Inc. 577 Aptakisic Road</td></tr><tr><td>Lincolnshire, IL. 60069</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: (224) 543-9618; FAX: (224) 543-4699</td></tr><tr><td>Contact person: Sharita Brooks</td></tr><tr><td>Name of Device:</td><td>Date prepared: June 19, 2014 Trade or proprietary name: Sysmex® XN-Series (XN-11, XN-21) Common name: Automated Hematology Analyzer Classification name: Automated Differential Cell Counter 21 CFR 864.5220 is a Class II device. Product Code: GKZ Related Items:</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code: 81 GIF</td></tr><tr><td>CELLPACK@ DCL (Diluent) - K112605</td></tr><tr><td>CELLPACK™ DFL (Diluent) - K112065 CELLSHEATH(C)TM (Diluent)  K051459</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code: 81 GGK</td></tr><tr><td>Lysercell M WNR (Lyse) -K112605</td></tr><tr><td>Lysercell ™M WDF (Lyse) -K112605</td></tr><tr><td>Lysercell ™ WPC (Lyse) -K112605</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code: 81 KJK Fluorocell ™M WNR (Stain) - K112605</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Fluorocell ™M WDF (Stain) -K112605</td></tr><tr><td>Fluorocell ™ RET (Stain) -K112065</td></tr><tr><td>FluorocellTM PLT (Stain) - K112605</td></tr><tr><td>Fluorocell ™M WPC (Stain) -K112605</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code: 81 KSA XN CAL (Calibrator) - K120745</td></tr><tr><td>XN CAL PF (Calibrator) - K120747</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product Code: 81 JPK XN CHECK (Control) - K120742</td></tr><tr><td>XN CHECK BF (Control)  K120744</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer Components</td></tr><tr><td>SA-10 (Auto Sampler for single module) SA-20 (Auto Sampler for two modules)</td></tr><tr><td>IPU (Information Processing Unit)</td></tr><tr><td>3.Predicate Device: Sysmex® XE-5000Automated Hematology Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sysmex® XN-Series modules (XN-11, XN-21) are multi-parameter hematologyanalyzers intended to perform tests on whole blood samples collected in K2 orKEDTA anticoagulant and body fluids (pleural, peritoneal and synovial) collectedin K2 anticoagulant. The XN-Series modules (XN-11, XN-21) are part of thefamily of XN-Series devices (K112605) cleared Oct 19, 2012 with modifications tostabilize the HCT/MCV parameters to within +8% at room temperature (18-26°C)for 24 hours and refrigerated temperature (2-8°C) for 48 hours for commercial andreference laboratories. The difference between the XN-11 and XN-21 is the presenceof the WPC Channel in the XN-21.The instrument consists of four principal units: (1) Two Main Units (XN-11, XN-21) which aspirate, dilute, mix, and analyze blood and body fluid samples; (2) TwoAuto Sampler Units (SA-10 for a single module, or SA-20 for two modules) whichsupply samples to the Main Unit automatically; (3) IPU (Information ProcessingUnit) which processes data from the Main Unit and provides the operator interfacewith the system; (4) Pneumatic Unit which supplies pressure and vacuum from theMain Unit. The XN-Series analyzers perform analysis using the following methods:Sheath Flow DC Detection Method, and Flow Cytometry Methods using aSemiconductor Laser. Particle characterization and identification is based ondetection of forward scatter, fluorescence and adaptive cluster analysis. The XN-Series analyzers automatically classify cells from whole blood and body fluids andcarry out all processes automatically from aspiration of the sample to outputting theresults.The body fluid analysis mode of the XN-Series analyzers uses the 4DIFFscattergram &amp; the RBC distribution obtained from a specialized analysis sequence tocalculate &amp; display the WBC (WBC-BF) counts, mononuclear cell (MN) /polymorphonuclear cell (PMN) counts &amp; percentages, Total Count (TC-BF) &amp; RBC(RBC-BF) counts found in the body fluid.Analysis results and graphics are displayed on the IPU screen. They can be printedon any of the available printers or transmitted to a Host computer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XN-Series modules (XN-11, XN-21) are quantitative multi-parameterautomated hematology analyzers intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screeningpatient populations found in clinical and reference laboratories.The XN-Series modules classify and enumerate the following parameters in wholeblood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV,NRBC#/%, RET%/#, IPF, IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode for body fluids.The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/#, andTC-BF parameters in body fluids (peritoneal, pleural and synovial). Whole bloodshould be collected in K2 or KzEDTA anticoagulant and peritoneal, pleural andsynovial fluids in K2EDTA anticoagulant to prevent clotting of fluid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantial equivalence-similarities and differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The following table compares the XN-Series modules (XN-11, XN-21) AutomatedHematology analyzers with the XE-5000 Automated Hematology analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7Clinical PerformanceData:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Studies were performed to evaluate the equivalency of the XN-Series AutomatedHematology analyzers (Modules XN-11, XN-21) to the XE-5000 AutomatedHematology analyzer. Results indicated equivalent performance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8. Conclusions:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The performance data demonstrated substantial equivalence.</td></tr></table>

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence - Similarities and Differences to the XN-Series Automated Hematology analyzers (Modules XN-11, XN-21) and XE-5000 Automated Hematology analyzer   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate XE-5000(K071967)20-Nov-07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device XN-Series(XN-11, XN-21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex® XE-5000 is an automatedhematology analyzer for in vitrodiagnostic use in screening patientpopulations found in clinicallaboratories. The XE-5000 classifiesand enumerates the same parameters asthe XE-2100 using whole blood asdescribed below, cord blood for HPCand has a body fluid mode for bodyfluids. The Body Fluid mode analyzesWBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/#and TC-BF in body fluids(cerebrospinal fluids (CSF), serousfluids, and synovial fluids with EDTA,as needed).WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, NEUT% / #, LYMPH% /#, MONO% / #, EO% / #, BASO% / #,NRBC% / #, RDW-SD, RDW-CV,MPV, RET% / #, IRF, IG% / #,RET-He, IPF, HPC WBC-BF,RBC-BF, MN% / #, PMN%/ #,TC-BF#.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XN-Series modules (XN-11, XN-21)are quantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzers intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in screening patientpopulations found in clinical and referencelaboratories.The XN-Series modules classify andenumerate the following parameters inwhole blood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT,MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#, EO%/#,BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD,MPV, NRBC#/%, RET%/#, IPF, IRF,RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode forbody fluids. The Body Fluid modeenumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/#, and TC-BF parametersin body fluids (peritoneal, pleural andsynovial). Whole blood should becollected in K2 or K3EDTA anticoagulantand peritoneal, pleural and synovial fluidsin K2EDTA anticoagulant to preventclotting of fluid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalency Data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proven performance in FDAsubmission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data consisting of Accuracy, Precision,Linearity and Carryover were collected toshow performance to the manufacturer'sspecification for the Whole Blood andBody Fluid mode. This analysis supportsthe claim that the XN-Series analyzers aresubstantially equivalent to the XE-5000.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood and Body Fluids (Serous,Synovial)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performs hematology analysesaccording to the Hydro DynamicFocusing (DC Detection), flowcytometry method (using asemiconductor laser), and SLS-hemoglobin method.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood Mode:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#,MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#,NRBC%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD,MPV, RET%/#, IRF, IG%/#, RET-He,IPF.Body Fluid Mode:WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#,PMN%/#, TC-BF#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SULFOLYSER (Lyse)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modes of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampler Analysis ModeManual Closed Analysis ModeBody Fluid Analysis Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Channels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC/PLTRET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate XE-5000(K071967)20-Nov-07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device XN-Series(XN-11, XN-21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Body Fluid - CSFUmbilical Cord Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not AvailableNot Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RF/DC detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls &amp; Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Bloode-Check (XE) - 3 LevelsX CAL (XE Calibrator)Not AvailableBody FluidNot Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole BloodXN CHECK - 3 LevelsXN CAL (XN-Series Calibrator)XN CAL PF (Platelet F Calibrator)Body FluidXN CHECK BF - 2 Levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IPU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Module connect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-Module connect</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modes of Operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual Open Cap Analysis Mode(Operator presents sample to aspirationneedle)Capillary Analysis ModeDilute sample 1:5Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual Open Cap Analysis Mode(Sample placed in tube holder position)Pre-dilute Analysis ModeDilute sample 1:7Low WBC Mode (LWBC)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Aspiration/Fluidic Pathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two pathways</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single pathway</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software/Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rules-based rerun/reflex</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole BloodApproximately 113-150 depending onmode used.Body Fluid38 samples/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood100 samples/hour maximumdepending on mode used.Body Fluid40 samples/hour maximum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Channels (seeSection 11 for detailedinformation on thesechannels)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC/BASO, DIFF, NRBCIMINot Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WNR,WDFWPC (Not available on XN-11)PLT-F</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLPACK® (Diluent)CELLSHEATH (Diluent)NOT AVAILABLESTROMATOLYSERTM-FB (Lyse)STROMATOLYSERTM-4DL (Lyse)STROMATOLYSER™M-4DS (Stain)STROMATOLYSERTM-NR (Diluent)STROMATOLYSERTM-NR (Stain)RET-SEARCH II (Diluent)RET-SEARCH II (Stain)STROMATOLYSERTM- IM (Lyse)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLPACK®DCL (Diluent)CELLPACK DFL (Diluent)CELLSHEATH(C) ilnt)Lysercel]™M WNR (Lyse)LysercellT WDF (Lyse)Lysercell™M WPC* (Lyse)FluorocellTM WNR (Stain)Fluorocell™M WDF (Stain)FluorocellTM RET (Stain)FluorocellTM PLT (Stain)Fluorocell™M WPC* (Stain)*Not used on XN-11 module.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Sample Aspiration Volume</td><td rowspan="2">Sampler Mode - 200μL Manual (Closed CapMode - 200μL Manual (Open Cap) Mode - 130μL Capillary Mode - 130μL Body Fluid Mode - 130μL</td><td>Sampler Mode - 88μL Manual (Closed Cap) Mode - 88μL Manual (Open Cap) Mode - 88μL</td></tr><tr><td>Dilution Mode - 70μL Body Fluid Mode - 88μL</td></tr></table>