December 5, 2014

STRECK INC  
C/O MS. DEBORAH KIPP  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS MANGER  
7002 SOUTH $1 0 9 ^ { \mathrm { T H } }$ STREET  
OMAHA, NE 68128

Re: K141962 Trade/Device Name: XN CAL™ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8150 Regulation Name: Calibrator for cell indices Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KRX Dated: October 27, 2014 Received: October 28, 2014

Dear Ms. Kipp:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 – Ms. Deborah Kipp

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time or th colectioninformation iseiated toaveragehours per eponse, icudghe time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete a review he collection ormation. Sd coments garding hs burden estiate or  hraspec of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submitter:

Streck 7002 South $1 0 9 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Street La Vista, NE 68128

Official Correspondent:   
Address:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Date Prepared:

Deborah Kipp, Regulatory Affairs Manager   
7002 South $\dot { 1 } 0 9 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Street; La Vista, NE 68128   
402-537-5215   
402-537-5317   
April 18, 2014

# Names

Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Product Code: Panel:

XN CAL™   
Assayed Hematology Calibrator   
Calibrator for Cell Indices (864.8150)   
KRX   
Hematology

# Predicate Device:

XN CAL™ (K120745)

# Intended Use:

XN CAL is used for the calibration and calibration verification of Sysmex XN series (XN-10, XN-11, XN-20, XN-21) analyzers. Assayed parameters include:

WBC $( 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \ L )$ , RBC $( 1 0 ^ { 6 } / \mu \ L )$ , HGB $( { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathfrak { d } } \mathsf { L } )$ , HCT $( \% )$ , PLT $( 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathsf { L } )$ , and RET $( \% )$

# Description:

Per the FDA guidance document, The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications $[ 5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } ) ]$ , a predicate device was selected in order to demonstrate substantial equivalence for XN CAL. The comparison to the predicate device is shown in the “Comparison to Predicate Device” section.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CAL ™M (K120745)-Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CAL ™M -Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same or Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUseStatement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CAL is used for the calibration andcalibration verification of SysmexXN series (XN-10, XN-20) analyzers.Assayed parameters include:WBC (10³/μL), RBC (10%/μL),HGB (g/dL), HCT (%), PLT (103/ μL), andRET (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CAL is used for the calibration andcalibration verification of SysmexXN series (XN-10, XN-11, XN-20, XN-21)analyzers. Assayed parameters include:WBC (103/μL), RBC (10%/μL),HGB (g/dL), HCT (%), PLT (103/ µL), andRET (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Addition of the XN-11 andXN-21 analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialSStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Closed VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extension of Closed VialStability Dating to 49days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CAL contains the following: stabilizedred blood cell component(s), stabilizedwhite blood cell component(s), stabilizedplatelet component(s), and stabilizednucleated red blood cell component(s) ina preservative medium.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN CAL contains the following: stabilized redblood cell component(s), stabilized whiteblood cell component(s), stabilized plateletcomponent(s), and stabilized nucleated redblood cell component(s) in a preservativemedium.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StorageConditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Tests and Test Results:

To substantiate the product performance claims for XN CAL, Streck collected product performance data for the following studies Open-Vial Stability, Closed-Vial Stability, and Precision Performance. The resultant data set established that XN CAL is safe and effective for its intended use and that the product is stable for the entire product dating. The product fulfills its intended use as instructed in the Instructions for Use.

# Conclusions Drawn From Tests:

Study results show XN CAL to be consistently reproducible, substantially equivalent to the predicate products, and stable for the entire product dating. XN CAL is a safe and effective product, which fulfills its intended use when used as instructed in the Instructions for Use.