Diagnostica Stago   
$\mathrm { c / 0 }$ Mr. Carlo d'Alessandro, Director, IVD Quality and Regulatory   
Donawa Lifescience Consulting Srl   
Piazza Albania, 10   
Rome, Italy 00153

Re: K141144 Trade/Device Name: STA $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ - Liatest $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ D-Di Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7320 Regulation Name: Fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DAP Dated: August 1, 2014 Received: August 4, 2014

Dear Mr. d'Alessandro:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health (OIR)   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

# Maria M. Chan -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burde time r hcollectionoration  estimated oaveragehours per esone, iclude time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collectionf information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# Submitter Information:

Diagnostica Stago   
125 avenue Louis Roche   
92230 Gennevilliers, France   
France   
Contact name: Mr. Arnaud Collin   
Tel: $+ 3 3 1$ 46 85 48 80 (main) $+ 3 3 \ 1 \ 3 0 \ 7 2 \ 3 6 \ 0 9$   
Fax: +33 1 41 47 57 50

# Date of Submission:

30 April 2014

# Application Correspondent and Contact Person:

Mr. Carlo d' Alessandro,   
Director, IVD Quality and Regulatory   
Donawa Lifescience Consulting Srl   
Piazza Albania, 10 - 00153 Rome, Italy   
Tel: +39 06 578 2665   
Fax: $+ 3 9 0 6 5 7 4 3 7 8 6$   
cdalessandro $@$ donawa.com

# Device Trade Name:

STA® - Liatest® D-Di

# Regulatory Information:

Classification Name: Regulatory Class: Panel: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Fibrinogen and fibrin split products, antigen, antiserum, control   
Class ⅡI   
Hematology   
DAP   
864.7320

Predicate Devices:

STA® - Liatest® D-Di (K964728) VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTM (K040882)

# Device Intended Use:

# New Device Intended Use

The $\mathbf { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di kit is an immuno-turbidimetric assay for the quantitative eterination  D-im n nos plasma $3 . 2 \%$ $\mathbf { \cdot R } ^ { \mathcal { \left( \Vec { \mathbf { R } } \right) } }$ STA Compact® and STA Satellite® analyzers by professional laboratory personnel. The $\mathrm { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di is intended for use in conjunction with a clinical pretest probability (PTP) assessment model to exclude pulmonary embolism (PE) and as an aid in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) in outpatients suspected of PE or DVT.

# Previous Device Intended Use

The $\mathbf { S T A } ^ { \mathbf { ( B ) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di kit is intended for use with STA- $\mathbf { \cdot R } ^ { \mathcal { \left( \hat { \mathbf { R } } \right) } }$ , STA Compact® and STA Satellite® analyzers for the quantitative determination of D-dimer in plasma by the immunoturbidimetric method. The $\mathrm { \dot { S T A } } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ - Liatest® D-Di assay can be used to aid in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism disease.

# Device description:

STA - Liatest® D-Di kit contains: $6 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 5 \mathrm { - m l }$ vials of ready-for-use Tris buffer and $6 \mathrm { x } 6 \mathrm { - } \mathrm { m } 1$ vials of a suspension of microlatex particles coated with two different mouse monoclonal anti-human D-dimer antibodies (8D2 and 2.1.16) stabilized with bovine albumin.

The test principle is based on the change in turbidity of a microparticle suspension that is measured by photometry. A suspension of latex microparticles, coated by covalent bonding with monoclonal antibodies specific for D-dimer is mixed with the test plasma for which the D-dimer level is to be assayed. An antigen-antibody reaction takes place, leading to an agglutination of the latex microparticles which causes an increase in turbidity of the reaction medium. This increase in turbidity is reflected by an increase in absorbance, the latter being measured photometrically. The increase in absorbance is a function of the D-dimer level present in the test sample.

# Statement of technological characteristics of the device compared to predicate devices:

The STA® - Liatest® D-Di kit is equivalent to the currently marketed STA® - Liatest® D-Di (K964728). The only change applied is the expanded intended use.   
The STA® - Liatest® D-Di kit and the Vidas® D-Dimer ExclusionTM (K040882) have different assay method and test principle. However, both kits are equivalent considering their intended use for excluding PE.

Similarities Chart with ${ s r A } ^ { \circledast }$ - Liatest® D-Di (K964728)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-Di</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-DiK964728</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte(s)measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-dimer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-turbidimetric method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-turbidimetric method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-turbidimetric method basedon the measurement of lightabsorbance (at 540 nm) produced bya suspension of microlatex particlescoated with specific mouse anti-human    D-dimer     monoclonalantibodies.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-turbidimetric method basedon the measurement of lightabsorbance (at 540 nm) produced bya suspension of microlatex particlescoated with specific mouse anti-human     D-dimer     monoclonalantibodies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IVD analyzers of the STA® line:STA-R (original 510(k) number:K983460), STA Compact® (original510(k) number: K961579) and STASatellite original 510(k number:K082248).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IVD analyzers of the STA® line:STA-R® (original 510(k) number:K983460), STA Compact® (original510(k) number: K961579) and STASattellite(original 510(k) number:K082248).</td></tr></table>

Differences Chart with ${ s r A } ^ { \circledast }$ - Liatest® D-Di (K964728)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-Di</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STA® - Liatest® D-DiK964728</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anatomical Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable.No direct patient contact.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Where Used:Hospital, home,ambulance, etc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hospital Laboratory or other HealthCare Laboratory.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hospital Laboratory or other HealthCare Laboratory.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No sterility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No sterility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biocompatibility</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No biocompatibility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No biocompatibility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical Safety</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No issues regarding chemical safetydue to no direct patient contact.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No issues regarding chemical safetydue to no direct patient contact.</td></tr></table>

Similarities Chart with $\mathbf { \nabla } W \mathbf { \delta } D A S ^ { \otimes }$ D-Dimer Exclusion™ (K040882)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STA ® - Liatest® D-Di</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STAA  - Liatest® D-DiK964728</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative determination of D-dimer in venous plasma (in 3.2%sodium citrate). The assay is intendedfor use in conjunction with a clinicalpretest probability (PTP) assessmentmodel   to   exclude  pulmonaryembolism (PE) and as an aid in thediagnosis of deep venous thrombosis(DVT) in outpatients suspected of PEor DVT.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative determination of D-dimer in plasma. The assay can beused to aid in the diagnosis of deepvenous thrombosis and pulmonaryembolism disease.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago,STA® - Liatest® D-Di</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative determination of D-dimer in venous plasma (in 3.2%sodium citrate). The assay is intendedfor use in conjunction with a clinicalpretest probability (PTP) assessmentmodel  to exclude pulmonaryembolism (PE) and as an aid in thediagnosis of deep venous thrombosis(DVT) in outpatients suspected of PEor DVT.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative test for useon the VIDAS instruments for theimmunoenzymatic determination offibrin degradation products (FbDP)in human plasma (sodium citrate)using ELFA technique (EnzymeLinked Fluorescent Assay). Theassay is indicated for use inconjunction with a clinical pretestprobability assessment model toexclude deep vein thrombosis (DVT)and pulmonary embolism (PE)disease in outpatients suspected ofPE or DVT.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-Di</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte(s)measured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL (same)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinicalperformances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For exclusion of PE on low andmoderate PTP population (n = 1130):Sensitivity = 97.0% (95% CI: 91.6%- 99.4%)NPV = 99.7% (95% CI: 99.2% -100.0%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For exclusion of PE on low andmoderate PTP population (n = 891):Sensitivity: 100.0 % (95% CI: 97.7%- 100.0 %)NPV: 100.0 % (95% CI: 98.7 % -100.0 %)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anatomical Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not applicable.No direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not applicable.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Where Used:Hospital, home,ambulance, etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital Laboratory or other HealthCare Laboratory.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital Laboratory or other HealthCare Laboratory.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No sterility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No sterility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No biocompatibility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No biocompatibility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemical Safety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No issues regarding chemical safetydue to no direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No issues regarding chemical safetydue to no direct patient contact.</td></tr></table>

Differences Chart with $\mathbf { \nabla } W \mathbf { \delta } D \mathbf { \delta } A S ^ { \otimes }$ D-Dimer Exclusion™M (K040882)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-Di</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-turbidimetric method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELFA technique (Enzyme LinkedFluorescent Assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-turbidimetric method basedon the measurement of lightabsorbance (at 540 nm) produced bya suspension of microlatex particlescoated with specific mouse anti-human  D-dimer   monoclonalantibodies.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay combines a two-stepenzyme immunoassay sandwichmethod with a final fluorescentdetection step (ELFA).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IVD analyzers of the STA® line.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS instruments</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Data:

A clinical multi-center study (9 sites over the United States, Europe and Canada), conducted according to CLSI H59-A, was performed to demonstrate the ability of STA® - Liatest® D-Di to safely rule-out PE by using samples of outpatients prospectively and consecutively enrolled in emergency departments. All patients suspected of having a PE were evaluated with the Wells' model to assess their pre-test probability (PTP) score (Low, Moderate or High):

- Patients with low or moderate PTP were considered for D-dimer testing, those with positive Ddimer result were considered for an imaging procedure, and those with negative D-dimer result were considered as not having PE and assigned to three month follow up. - Patients with high PTP were considered for an imaging procedure and not included in the study population.

For analysis the population of interest was limited to patients with a PTP results low or moderate.

The prospective study population was enriched with US banked frozen samples collected during a similar clinical study (1).

# Results:

1130 samples of patients with a low or moderate PTP were used for the final analysis. 1060 were from the prospective study population and 70 were from the US banked frozen samples.

The overall prevalence of PE (low and moderate PTP patients with positive imaging) in the prospective study population was $8 . 4 \%$ with $2 . 7 \%$ in the US population and $1 1 . 4 \%$ in the European/Canadian ("out of US") population.

Sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value (NPV) and positive predictive value (PPV) with upper and lower limit of $9 5 \ \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated in the overall study population, and separately for the US population and the "out of US" population with the $\mathrm { \dot { S } T A } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ - Liatest® D-Di clinical cut-off of $0 . 5 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m l } }$ (FEU) in the (low $^ +$ moderate) PTP group of patients.

Results obtained for each study population are detailed below:

Table 1 Results obtained on the overall study population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>777</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ EY 97.0 % $( 9 1 . 6 \% - 9 9 . 4 \% )$ Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 75.5 % (72.8 % - 78.1 %) NPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 99.7 % (99.2 % - 100.0 %) PPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 25.5 % (23.5 % - 27.7 %)

Table 2 Results obtained on the US prospective study population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>358</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 88.9 % (51.8 % - 99.7 %) Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 77.7 % (72.9 % - 81.9 %) NPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 99.6 % (98.0 % - 100.0 %) PPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 9.3 % (4.1 % - 17.5 %)

Table 3 Results obtained on the "out of US" prospective study population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Out of US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>483</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>702</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 98.7 % (92.8 % - 100.0 %) Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 76.9 % (73.4 % - 80.1 %) NPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 99.8 % (98.9 % - 100.0 %) PPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 33.8 % (27.6 % - 40.5 %)

Additionally, sensitivity and specificity with upper and lower limit of $9 5 \ \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated in the US banked samples with the $\mathrm { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di clinical cut-off of $0 . 5 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m l } }$ (FEU). Results obtained are detailed below.

Table 4 Results obtained on the US banked samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Banked samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 94.1 % $7 1 . 3 \% - 9 9 . 9 \% )$ Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ $45 . 3 \%$ (31.6 % - 59.6 %)

This study demonstrates that the $\mathrm { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di is effective in excluding pulmonary embolism (PE) in patient with a low or moderate PTP and a D-dimer level $< 0 . 5 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m l }$ (FEU) with a negative predictive value of $9 9 . 7 \%$ (confidence interval $9 5 \ \%$ : $9 9 . 2 ~ \%$ to $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ according to CLSI H59-A requirements.

# Reference :

1. KLINE J.A., HOGG M.M., COURTNEY D.M., MILLER C.D., JONES A.E., SMITHLINE H.A.: "D-dimer Threshold Increase with Pretest Probability Unlikely for Pulmonary Embolism to Decrease Unnecessary Computerized Tomographic Pulmonary Angiography". Thromb. Haemostasis, 10, 572-581, 2012.