Sysmex America, Inc.   
Peter Shearstone   
VP, RA/QA/Clinical and Medical Affairs 577 Aptakisic Road   
Lincolnshire, IL 60069

Re: K143577 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex XW-100TM, XW QC CHECK Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ, JPK Dated: September 24, 2015 Received: September 28, 2015

Dear Mr. Shearstone:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k143577

Device Name Sysmex XW-100 XW QC CHECK

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Sysmex XW $1 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ is a quantitative automated hematology analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic point of care use toclassiy and enumerate the following parameters for venous whole blood anticoagulated with K2/K3 EDTA: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, $\mathrm { L Y M \% }$ ,Other $W B C \%$ $N E U T \%$ , LYM#, Other WBC#, NEUT#, RDWSD, RDVMPVIt  o    h for chronically or critically ill patients.

XW QC CHECK is a stabilized whole blood matrix designed for statistical process control of the Sysmex XW-100 auahematoynalyzotenealrathenalzsay praeerncuWBC RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, $\mathrm { L Y M \% }$ ,Other $W B C \%$ , NEUT%, LYM#, Other WBC#, NEUT#, RDWSD, RDW-CV, and MPV.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurenoollectionoationtat veragours  oncu time o reviewinstructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain hedata needed and complete and review the collectionof information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

The 510(k) summary for the Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer instrument is presented in Table 5.1, and the similarities and differences between the Sysmex XW-100 and predicate pocH-100i devices are provided in Table 5.2.   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Table 5.1               Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1. Submitted by</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex America, Inc.577 Aptakisic RdLincolnshire, IL 60069Phone: 224.543.9514Fax:224.543.4699Contact person: Peter ShearstoneDate prepared: December 16, 2014</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2. Name of device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade or proprietary name: Sysmex XW-100TMCommon name: XW-100 Automated Hematology AnalyzerClassification name: Automated Differential Cell CounterRegulation number: 21 CFR 864.5220Classification: Class 2Product Code: GKZ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.Predicate device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex pocH-100i T Automated Hematology Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4. Device description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XW-100 is an electrical resistance type blood cell counter.This technology may be variously referred to as direct current(DC) or impedance. The analyzer uses a human whole bloodspecimen and produces results for 17 hematology parameters,including the basic complete blood count (CBC), 3 part whiteblood cell (WBC) differential, and commonly used CBC indices.The analyzer uses DC with hydrodynamic focusing for allparameters except hemoglobin, which is measuredphotometrically. The patient sample is aspirated, measured,diluted with diluent (and Lyse for WBC measurement), then fedinto a transducer chamber by means of a hydrodynamic focusingnozzle. The transducer chamber has a minute hole, or aperture.Electrodes are mounted on both sides of the aperture chamber,through which flows the DC. Blood cells suspended in thediluted sample are injected through the aperture by thehydrodynamic focusing nozzle. The hydrodynamic focusingnozzle is positioned in front of the aperture and in line with theaperture's center. This method improves cell counting accuracybecause all blood cells are separated from each other and can onlypass through the aperture in 1 direction, 1 at a time. When a cellpasses through the aperture, it causes a change in the DCresistance that is directly proportional to its size. These resistancechanges are captured as electric pulses. The various blood cellcounts are calculated by counting the pulses that occur in eachcell size category. The analyzer then determines blood cell</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Table 5.1 Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer 510(k) Summary volume and identifies rare and pathological cells by creating and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>analyzing histograms of the various cell populations using their respective pulse heights. Hemoglobin is measured photometrically using a noncyanide methodology, which reduces the presence of hazardous materials in the analyzer waste stream. The quality controls that are used with the XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer comprise XW QC CHECK, which contains stabilized red blood cell component(s), stabilized WBC component(s), and stabilized platelet component(s) in a preserving medium. XW QC CHECK components are packaged in glass vials with screw caps containing 2 mL. The vials are packaged in a welled vacuum-formed clamshell container. XW QC CHECK is stored at room temperature (15°C-25°C or</td></tr><tr><td>5. Substantial equivalence- similarities and differences</td><td>59°F-77°F). Table 5.2 compares the Sysmex XW-100 with the Sysmex pocH-100i automated hematology</td></tr><tr><td>6. Clinical performance data</td><td>Studies were performed to evaluate the equivalency of the Sysmex XW-100 in the point-of-care (POC) setting with the Sysmex pocH-100i automated hematology analyzer. Results indicated equivalent performance. Open-vial stability, closed-vial stability, and precision performance studies were conducted to establish performance of XW QC CHECK; all testing showed that XW QC CHECK met clinical performance acceptability criteria and demonstrated</td></tr><tr><td>7. Conclusions</td><td>stability for the shelf-life claimed. The performance data demonstrated substantial equivalence to the predicate device.</td></tr></table>

# Sysmex XW QC CHECK

The $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ summary for the control material, XW QC CHECK, is presented in Table 5.3, and the similarities and differences between the XW-QC CHECK and predicate Para Check control material are provided in Table 5.4.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 5.3                XW QC CHECK</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1. Submitted by</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sysmex America, Inc.577 Aptakisic RdLincolnshire, IL 60069Telephone: 224.543.9514Fax:        224.543.4699Contact person: Peter ShearstoneDate prepared: December 16, 2014</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2Name of device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or proprietary name: XW QC CHECKCommon Name: XW Quality ControlsClassification Name: Hematology quality control mixture(864.8625)Product Code: JPK</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para® Check (K852992)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4. Device description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XW QC CHECK is an in vitro diagnostic product that containsthe following: stabilized red blood cell component(s), stabilizedwhite blood cell component(s), and stabilized plateletcomponent(s) in a preserving medium. The product is packagedin glass vials with screw caps containing 2 mL. The vials will bepackaged in a welled vacuum-formed clamshell container. Theproduct is stored at (15°C-25°C or 59°F-77°F) subsequent toshipment.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5. Substantial equivalence-similarities and differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table 5.4 compares XW QC CHECK with the Para® Check.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6Clinical performance data</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open-vial stability, closed-vial stability, and precisionperformance studies were conducted to establish performance ofXW QC CHECK. All testing showed that XW QC CHECK metclinical performance acceptability criteria and demonstratedstability for the shelf-life claimed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7. Conclusions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The performance data demonstrated substantial equivalence to thepredicate device.</td></tr></table>