Diazyme Laboratories Abhijit Datta, Ph.D. Director, Technical Operations 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064

Re: K143470 Trade/Device Name: Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay Diazyme Fibrinogen Calibrator Set Diazyme Fibrinogen Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7340 Regulation Name: Fibrinogen determination system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GIS, GFX, GIL Dated: January 15, 2016 Received: January 19, 2016

Dear Dr. Datta:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay is for the quantitative determination of fibrinogen levels in citrated human plasma. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Calibrator Set is intended for use in the calibration of the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Control Set is intended for use as quality controls for the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Submitter’s name:

Diazyme Laboratories

Submitter’s address:

12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

# Name of Contact Person:

Dr. Abhijit Datta Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 Phone: 858-455-4762 Fax: 858-455-2120

Date the Summary was Prepared:

January 15, 2016

Name of the Device

Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay Diazyme Fibrinogen Calibrator Set Diazyme Fibrinogen Control Set

# Trade Name:

Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay Diazyme Fibrinogen Calibrator Set Diazyme Fibrinogen Control Set

# Common/Usual Name

Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay

# Device Classification Name

Fibrinogen, Antigen, Antiserum, Control, Calibrator

Product code:

GIS, Fibrinogen Determination System GFX, Fibrinogen Standard GIL, Plasma, Fibrinogen Control

# Panel:

Hematology

Submission Type

Traditional 510k

Regulation Number

21CFR 864.7340 Fibrinogen determination system

Device Class

Class II

Predicate Device:

Kamiya K-Assay Fibrinogen (k993482)

Manufacturing Address

Diazyme Laboratories

1

# Establishment Registration

2032900

# DESCRIPTION OF THE DEVICE

# Clinical Significance

Fibrinogen is a ${ \sim } 3 4 0 \mathrm { k D a }$ plasma glycoprotein essential to blood clot formation. In the final step of the coagulation cascade, thrombin cleaves fibrinogen to form insoluble fibrin monomers, which then polymerize to form fibrin clots.

Abnormal plasma fibrinogen quality or quantity can occur as inherited or acquired disorders. Higher levels of fibrinogen are associated with inflammation, trauma, surgery, and pregnancy. A decrease of the fibrinogen level is observed in disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC), fibrinolysis and hereditary diseases. Additionally, fibrinogen is an acute phase reactant, thus upregulated during inflammation or tissue damage.

# Assay Principle

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay is based on an immunoturbidimetric assay. Fibrinogen in plasma binds to specific anti-fibrinogen antibody and forms immune complexes. The degree of turbidity caused by immune complexes can be measured optically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ , and is proportional to the quantity of fibrinogen in the sample. The instrument calculates the fibrinogen concentration by interpolation of obtained signal of a 4-point calibration curve prepared from calibrators of known concentrations.

# Detailed Device Description

Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay System consists of the following items:

1. The Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay: containing reagent R1 and reagent R2. Reagent 1 contains buffer, saline, and sodium azide. Reagent 2 containing anti-human fibrinogen I fraction tittered to optimal concentrations dependent on sera lot and sodium azide.   
2. Diazyme Fibrinogen Calibrator Set: 3 levels, serum based, intended for use in the calibration of the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. The calibrators are in lyophilized form containing purified human fibrinogen antigen, defibrinated human serum and sodium azide   
3. Diazyme Fibrinogen Control Set: 2 levels, serum based, intended for use as quality controls for the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. The controls are in lyophilized form containing purified human fibrinogen antigen, defibrinated human serum and sodium azide.

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay is run on Roche Modular P analyzer (K953239/005). The Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay never comes into direct contact with patients. The patient’s venous blood sample is first collected by a phlebotomist and then submitted for determination of fibrinogen concentration using Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay by trained professionals.

The Control Unit of the Roche Modular P analyzer uses a graphical interface to control all instrument functions. The computer, keyboard, and touchscreen monitor allows users to navigate through the software, enter assay, calibrator, and control information, and make test selections. The Diazyme Fibrinogen Modular P application parameters provided are programmed into the Modular P analyzers. The reagents, calibrators and controls are loaded into the analyzer. The Roche Modular P stores the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay reagents in a refrigerated compartment. Reagent and sample pipettes automatically aspirate and dispense specified amounts of reagent or calibrators, controls, and sample into reaction cells. The change in absorbance is measured at specified wavelengths.

# See Reaction Scheme.

<table><tr><td>R1: 200 μL #Sample: 6 μL</td><td>R2: 50 μL</td><td>340nm</td></tr><tr><td>37</td><td>5 v</td><td>6 10 min A2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>A1</td></tr><tr><td>0</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

After a 4-point calibration, spline-fitting is used to smoothly fit polynomial functions through mean values of the response for calibrators of known concentrations. The Roche Modular P calculates the fibrinogen concentration of a patient sample by interpolation of the obtained signal to a stored 4-point calibration curve.

#: The Modular P analyzer performs automatic on-board 1: 20 dilution using saline $( 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L } + 1 0 0$ $\mu \mathrm { L }$ saline).

Use the provided Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay (DZ768A) Application Parameters for Roche Modular $\mathrm { P }$ and enter the application parameters via the keyboard, settings sheet or barcode sheet, as appropriate.

Absorbance   
2 Point END   
S-R1/R3   
Increase   
340 nm/700nm   
18/34   
Modular P Applications   
Measuring mode   
Abs. calculation mode   
Reaction mode   
Reaction direction   
Primary/Secondary Wavelength   
Calc. first/last   
Unit mg/dL   
Pipetting parameters   
R1   
Sample   
Sample diluent (saline)   
Diluted Sample   
R2   
Total volume

$2 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$   
5 μL   
100 μL (1:20 dilution)   
6 μL   
50 μL   
256 μL

# Indications for Use:

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay is for the quantitative determination of fibrinogen levels in citrated human plasma. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Calibrator Set is intended for use in the calibration of the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Fibrinogen Control Set is intended for use as quality controls for the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Performance Characteristics of Subject Device

# Precision

The precision of the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay was evaluated according to CLSI EP5-A2 guideline. In the study, 6 citrated plasma samples including one sample close to the very low end of the AMR and one sample close to the very high end of the AMR were tested with three lots of reagents. The results are summarized in the following table:

Sample Repeatability (Three Reagent Lots Combined)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meanmg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Lot(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2, 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.0, 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7, 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1, 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0, 1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6, 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3, 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6, 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8, 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2, 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>706.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1, 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1, 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.4, 5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>823.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7, 2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3, 4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.3, 3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9, 5%</td></tr></table>

Additionally, three lots of the calibrators were tested for precision using three lots of the reagents calibrated with master lot of the calibrators. The calibrators were tested 2 runs per day over 10 working days.

Calibrator Repeatability (Three Reagent Lots and Three Calibrator Lots Combined)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run (SD,%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BetweenLot (SD,%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day (SD,%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD,%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>578</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.9,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.9,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.4,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.0,6%</td></tr></table>

Two lots of serum based controls were tested in duplicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 days using two lots of the reagents.

Control Repeatability (Two Reagent Lots and One Control Lot Combined)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(N=160)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>607.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr></table>

Multi-site precision (reproducibility) study was performed at two external sites and Diazyme site on Modular $\mathrm { P }$ analyzer. In this study, the same sets of 6 citrated plasma samples as used. Six citrated plasma including one sample close to the very low end of the AMR and one sample close to the high end of the AMR were tested. The results of the within-run, between-run, between-day, between-site and total $C V \%$ are listed in the following tables

Reproducibility Data Analysis (Three Sites, Three Calibrator and Control Lots combined)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Meanmg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>With-in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>701.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>818.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1077.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>609.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

The eleven levels linearity set was prepared by mixing a pooled fibrinogen spiked plasma sample containing $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ fibrinogen and saline at different proportions according to Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute EP6-A. The results showed that Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay is linear up to $1 0 3 2 . 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . Based on linearity data, method comparison data, and limit of quantitation $( \mathrm { L O Q } = 1 2 . 9 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ study, and reference interval study, and predicate AMR, the analytical measuring range (AMR) of Diazyme Fibrinogen assay is claimed to be 100-900 $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Method Comparison

Human plasma samples were tested with the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay and the obtained results were compared to the predicate method according to CLSI EP9-A2 guideline. A total of 176 samples tested across 3 clinical sites. All samples were tested in singlet with both methods. The results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regular Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deming regression</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.975 - 0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.978  0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.70 - 7.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.68  6.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Error of Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation Coefficient(R)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9973</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9973</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range (Diazyme)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.5 - 870.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.5 - 870.0</td></tr></table>

# Interference

The following substances normally present in the plasma produced less than $10 \%$ deviation when tested at levels equal to the concentrations listed below, according to CLIA EP7-A “Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry”.

The following endogenous substances do not interfere with this assay at the levels tested (less than $10 \%$ bias).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin Conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 IU/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

The common therapeutic substances of Acetylsalicyclic Acid, Na2-Cefoxitin, Ibuprofen, fibrin degradation product and coagulation inhibitors such as warfarin, dabigatran, hirudin, rivaroxaban, and argatroban, heparin showed no significant interference $( < \pm 1 0 \% )$ up to the concentrations summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.78 mM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na2-Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1554 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2438 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warfarin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 μM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dabigatran</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hirudin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rivaroxaban</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Argatroban</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unfractionated Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low molecular weight Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 U/L</td></tr></table>

Summary of the Performance Characteristics of the subject Device in Comparison of the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td>Kamiya K-Assay Fibrinogen (K993482)</td><td>Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Range: 100  900 mg/dL</td><td>Linear Range: 100  900 mg/dL</td><td rowspan="3">Similar</td></tr><tr><td>Precision: CV% of 1.8 - 13.0%</td><td>Precision: CV of less than 10%</td></tr><tr><td>Accuracy (vs Incstar ITA): Correlation Coefficient (R2) = 0.990 Slope = 0.967 y-intercept = 33.91</td><td>Accuracy (vs. Kamiya K-Assay ): Correlation Coefficient (R2) = 0.9946 Slope = 0.986</td></tr></table>

Summary of Assay Kit Components Comparing to the predicate device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kamiya K-Assay Fibrinogen(K993482)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1: Buffer ReagentTris(hydroxymethyl)aminomethane(100mM), ready to useReagent 2: Antiserum ReagentAnti-human fibrinogen goat antiserumCalibrator:Lyophilized calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1Phosphate buffered saline solution,ready to useReagent 2Goat anti-human Fibrinogenreagent, ready to useCalibratorsLyophilized calibrators preparedwith serum, purified humanFibrinogen, and 0.09% sodiumazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0 mL Single-Level Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 11 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 21 x 1.0 mL Calibrator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Different</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set (plasma based)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Set (serum based)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 1.0mL Control 15 x 1.0mL Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.0mL Control 11 x 1.0mL Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar</td></tr></table>

# Rationale for Considering the Device Substantially Equivalent to Devices Approved for Inter-State Commerce

Kamiya K-Assay was selected for method comparison with Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay. The reagents used for the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay are similar to the predicate and used to develop the application for the Roche Modular $\mathrm { P }$ analyzer. The design, key materials, and chemical composition are similar between subject device and predicate device. The method comparison study between the subject and predicate using clinical patient samples showed excellent

correlation. The similarities and differences between the predicate reagent and the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay are given in the table above. Detailed performance characteristics and comparison analysis are given in the filing and demonstrate substantial equivalence to predicate device.

The performance characteristics of the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay are substantially similar to that of the approved predicate test. Performance data and risk analysis indicates that differences should not affect the safety and effectiveness of the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay and offers users an in vitro diagnostic device system to measure fibrinogen in human plasma.

# Conclusion

Detailed method comparison analysis (accuracy studies) presented in this $5 1 0 \mathrm { k }$ submission, together with linearity, precision and interference studies, demonstrates that the Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay performance is acceptable, safe and effective. There is no significant deviation between the results obtained by Diazyme Fibrinogen Assay and the legally marketed predicate device Kamiya K-Assay Fibrinogen (k993482) when testing clinical patient samples and is thus substantially similar.