Affinity Biologicals Inc. Denise Foulon   
Scientific Director   
1348 Sandhill Drive   
Ancaster, ON   
Canada, L9G 4V5

Re: K150144 Trade/Device Name: VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGN Dated: February 1, 2016 Received: February 2, 2016

Dear Ms. Foulon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma

Tuool aa   or laboratories.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburden time orhcollectiooationtateaverahours ppnse clu time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and coplete an review the collectioninformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary for VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitted By:

Affinity Biologicals Inc. 1348 Sandhill Drive Ancaster, ON Canada, L9G 4V5 Phone:905-304-9896 Fax: 905-304-9897

# Contact Person:

Denise Foulon, Scientific Director Phone: 905-304-9896 Fax: 905-304-9897

# Summary Prepared:

January 29, 2016

Name of the Device:

VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma Common Name: Abnormal Control Plasma

# Classification of Device:

Class II   
21 CFR 864.5425   
Subpart H, Hematology Kits and Packages   
Product Code: GGN

# Predicate Device:

Cryocheck Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma Precison Biologic Inc.

# Device Description:

The VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control plasma is a pool of defibrinated citrated human plasma buffered with 0.02 M HEPES buffer, dispensed and rapidly frozen.

# Device Intended Use:

The VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma is an assayed control plasma prepared from de-fibrinated human plasma intended for use in the quality control of quantitative fibrinogen assays in the low abnormal range. The VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma may be used with mechanical instruments in conjunction with appropriate commercial reagents for determining fibrinogen levels in plasma by the clotting method of Clauss. This plasma is intended “For In Vitro Diagnostic Use”.

The intended users of the VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control Plasma are trained laboratory personnel working in clinical laboratories.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

A technical comparison of the proposed device and the predicate device is illustrated in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VisuCon-F Low FibrinogenControl Plasma(Proposed Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cryocheck Low FibrinogenControl Plasma(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An assayed control plasmaprepared from de-fibrinatedhuman plasma intended for usein the quality control ofquantitative fibrinogen assays inthe low abnormal range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recommended for use as anabnormal control in quantitativefibrinogen assays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated human plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated human plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frozen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open-VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 hours at 2-8°C or 8 hours on-board instrument (19-22°C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72 hours at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision(% Coefficient ofVariation (CV))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run = 3.15%Between Day = 0.54%Between Run = 0%Within Device = 8.44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 - 3.7% (n = 36)</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The VisuCon-F Low Fibrinogen Control plasma is substantially equivalent to its predicate device, Cryocheck Low Fibrinogen Control plasma, based on similar intended use, product matrix, stability and performance characteristics (precision).