Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. Carol Marble   
Regulatory Affairs Director   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K150877 Trade/Device Name: ACL TOP Family 50 Series Models: ACL TOP 350 CTS, ACL TOP 550 CTS, ACL TOP 750, ACL TOP 750 CTS, ACL TOP 750 LAS Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5400 Regulation Name: Coagulation Instrument Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKP Dated: November 12, 2015 Received: November 13, 2015

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name ACL TOP Family 50 Series (ACL TOP 750; ACL TOP 750 CTS; ACL TOP 750 LAS; ACL TOP 550 CTS; ACL TOP 350 CTS)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ACL TOP Family 50 Series (ACL TOP 750; ACL TOP 750 CTS; ACL TOP 750 LAS; ACL TOP 550 CTS; ACL TOP 350 CTS) are bench top, fully automated, random access analyzers designed specifically for in vitro diagnostic clinical use in the hemostasis laboratory for coagulation and/or fibrinolysis testing in the assessment of thrombosis and/or hemostasis. The systems provide results for both direct hemostasis measurements and calculated parameters.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Contact Person Email:</td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director Phone: 781-861-4467 Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>November 12, 2015</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Names</td><td>ACL TOP Family 50 Series Models: ACL TOP 350 CTS ACL TOP 550 CTS ACL TOP 750</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Regulatory Information</td><td>Classification: Class II</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td>Regulation No.: Common Name:</td><td>21 CFR 864.5400</td></tr><tr><td>Panel:</td><td>Coagulation Instrument</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code:</td><td>GKP</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>ACL TOP AS model</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Indications for Use / Intended Use</td><td>The ACL TOP Family 50 Series (ACL TOP 750; ACL TOP 750 CTS; ACL TOP 750 LAS; ACL TOP 550 CTS; ACL TOP 350 CTS) are bench top, fully automated, random access analyzers designed specifically for in vitro diagnostic clinical use in the hemostasis laboratory for coagulation and/or fibrinolysis testing in the assessment of thrombosis and/or hemostasis. The systems provide results for both direct hemostasis measurements and calculated parameters.</td></tr></table>

 Coagulometric (Turbidimetric) Measurements  Chromogenic (Absorbance) Measurements  Immunological Measurements

Pre‐Analytical Features

<table><tr><td>eries instrument performs the following types of tests, using the same optical d test parameters as the predicate ACL TOP Family:</td></tr><tr><td>rbidimetric) Measurements</td></tr><tr><td>orbance) Measurements easurements</td></tr><tr><td>eries also offers new pre-analytical features not available on the current ACL pelow. These features are not intended to replace laboratory quality policies. the instrument operator to a potential HIL (Hemoglobin, Icteric and Lipemia) ecific to the assays requested for a sample, underfilled sample tubes or a ill determine how to handle these situations (for example, by not reporting the</td></tr><tr><td>sults with, or without, additional comments). The Pre-Analytical HIL Check detects and measures interference caused by</td></tr><tr><td>the presence of hemoglobin, bilirubin, and light scattering lipids in patient samples.</td></tr><tr><td>H -Hemolysis (hemoglobin)</td></tr><tr><td>I - Icterus (bilirubin)</td></tr><tr><td>L- Lipemia (turbidity) The Pre-Analytical HIL Check aids the coagulation laboratory in identifying</td></tr><tr><td>and handling potential HIL interference issues. This feature flags samples to alert instrument operators of potential HIL interference specific to the tests</td></tr><tr><td>requested for a sample.</td></tr><tr><td>NOTES: There are no analytical claims for hemoglobin, bilirubin or turbidity analysis with the introduction of the Pre-Analytical HIL Check.</td></tr><tr><td>Information provided by the check does not replace any interference</td></tr><tr><td>information included in the package inserts of IL products.</td></tr><tr><td>A third measurement wavelength @535 nm and an additional emitter control channel (all models) have been introduced to support the new Pre-Analytical</td></tr><tr><td>HIL Check feature.</td></tr><tr><td>The Pre-Analytical Tube Fill Height (THF) Check aids laboratories by screening open and closed tube samples during the first sample aspiration to</td></tr><tr><td>determine whether the tube fill meets the minimum level based on the tube manufacturer&#x27;s recommendations.</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>The fill height check for each patient sample occurs before the analytical testing process begins and thus there is no effect on patient test results.</td></tr><tr><td>A Pre-Analytical Clog Detection is performed on all samples during aspiration.</td></tr><tr><td>A pre-analytical error or warning for fluidic obstruction is an indication for the</td></tr><tr><td>user to review the sample integrity, following established laboratory sample quality procedures.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP Family Models•ACL TOP 700 (Base)ACL TOP 700 CTSACL TOP 700 LASACL TOP 500 CTS• ACL TOP 300 CTS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP Family 50 Series ModelsACL TOP 750ACL TOP 750 CTSACL TOP 750 LASACL TOP 550 CTSACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GKP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coagulation Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP is a bench top, fullyautomated, random access analyzerdesigned specifically for in vitrodiagnostic clinical use in the hemostasislaboratory for coagulation and/orfibrinolysis testing in the assessment ofthrombosis and/or hemostasis.The system provides results for bothdirect hemostasis measurements andcalculated parameters.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP Family 50 Series(ACL TOP 750, ACL TOP 750 CTS,ACL TOP 750 LAS, ACL TOP 550CTS and ACL TOP 350 CTS) arebench top, fully automated,random access analyzersdesigned specifically for in vitrodiagnostic clinical use in thehemostasis laboratory forcoagulation and/or fibrinolysistesting in the assessment ofthrombosis and/or hemostasis.The systems provide results forboth direct hemostasismeasurements and calculatedparameters.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2% Citrated Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP Family performs thefollowing types of tests:•  Coagulometric (Turbidimetric)Measurements (405 nm or 671 nm)•  Chromogenic (Absorbance)Measurements (405 nm)Immunological Measurements(405 nm or 671 nm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Menu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clotting, chromogenic andimmunological assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP Family Models•ACL TOP 700 (Base)ACL TOP 700 CTSACL TOP 700 LAS•  ACL TOP 500 CTS• ACL TOP 300 CTS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP Family 50 Series Models•ACL TOP 750•  ACL TOP 750 CTS•   ACL TOP 750 LAS•  ACL TOP 550 CTSACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre-Analytical HIL Check</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard for All ModelsA third measurement wavelength@535 nm and an additionalemitter control channel (allmodels) have been introduced tosupport this new feature.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre-Analytical Tube Fill HeightCheck</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard for All Models</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pre-Analytical Clog Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard for All ModelsA pressure transducer (all models)has been introduced to supportthis new feature.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows XP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows 7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Support for new features</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Precision Study – Internal

In compliance with CLSI EP05‐A2, an internal 20‐day precision study was performed on an ACL TOP 350 CTS, ACL TOP 550 CTS, ACL TOP 750 CTS and ACL TOP 750, using 12 representative commercially available assays and their assayed control materials, as well as a prepared patient plasma pool. All materials were tested in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days, for a total of 80 replicates per level for each assay on each instrument model as summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand: Prothrombin Time (Seconds)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.33</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Measurand: Derived Fibrinogen (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowFibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>323.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>385.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowFibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>320.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>379.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowFibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowFibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>384.4</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand: APTT (Seconds)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LowAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HighAbnormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.95</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C (K073367)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Measurand:Fibrinogen Clauss (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILLow Fibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILLow Fibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>327.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>374.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILLow Fibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>371.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILLow Fibrinogen Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>368.8</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>HemosIL D-Dimer (K073042)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Measurand:D-Dimer (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>362.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>690.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>698.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>695.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILD-Dimer High Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>658.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149.3</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin (K062431)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Measurand: Antithrombin (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>101.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>103.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.7</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>HemosIL Protein C (K062430)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Measurand: Protein C (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>101.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Free Protein S (K010379)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand: Free Protein S (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.95</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>HemosIL Factor V Deficient Plasma (K023839) with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Measurand: Factor V (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.79</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.80</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Factor VIl Deficient Plasma (K024082) with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:Factor VII (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>86.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>87.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.91</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>HemosIL Factor VIIl Deficient Plasma (K034007) with HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Measurand:Factor VIII (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Factor IX Deficient Plasma (K031829) with HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:Factor IX (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 350 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>110.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 550 CTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>107.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Model:       ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run %CV (Observed)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Grand Mean (%)</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Model:       ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosILNormal Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SpecialTest Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run %Cv (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total %CV (Observed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Grand Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.64</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Linearity Study – Internal

An internal linearity study was performed on an ACL TOP 350 CTS, ACL TOP 550 CTS, ACL TOP 750 CTS and ACL TOP 750, using 10 representative commercially available assays\* and prepared plasma pool panels at a minimum of 9 levels.    Each of the different panel levels was tested in quadruplicate on each instrument model with the resultant data supporting equivalent linearity range claims to the current ACL TOP Family.

\*NOTE: Linearity is not applicable to PT and APTT assays.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Derived Fibrinogen (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0222</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.901</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.143</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$r^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9894</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-722</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54-754</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58-732</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C (K073367)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Fibrinogen Clauss (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0529</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0832</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0691</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0804</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9891</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9873</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-1207</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-1216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-1165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-1154</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL D-Dimer (K073042)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    D-Dimer (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9898</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0312</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0217</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.254</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$r^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9781</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9838</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9877</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133-5415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122-5362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106-5383</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95-5296</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Linearity Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin (K062431)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Antithrombin (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9427</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.968</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9652</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.3815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6826</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6046</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$r^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9971</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3-158.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0-152.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5-157.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8-159.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Protein C (K062430)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Protein C (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0049</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.1765</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.6449</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.3988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4761</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5-160.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0-158.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5-163.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8-166.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Free Protein S (K010379)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Free Protein S (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0414</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0455</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.8376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.0499</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.4417</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$r^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9963</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4-325.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8-318.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7-309.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3-309.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Factor V Deficient Plasma (K023839) with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Factor V (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9328</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1607</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4778</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6627</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9966</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9969</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4-157.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-151.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-159.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-154.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Factor VIl Deficient Plasma (K024082) with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Factor VII (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9233</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9136</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4091</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5945</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9965</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9962</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-159.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4-170.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2-163.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-159.6</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Linearity Study – Internal (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Factor VIIl Deficient Plasma (K034007) with HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Factor VIII (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9842</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9586</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.4208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1453</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$r^2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9969</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2-151.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-159.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1-160.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-150.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>HemosIL Factor IX Deficient Plasma (K031829) with HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Measurand:    Factor IX (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Model</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 350 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 550 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750 CTS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 750</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9719</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.7626</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.7805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6774</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8352</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$r^{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2-161.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3-163.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-158.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5-153.4</td></tr></table>

# Precision Study – External

An external 20‐day precision study was performed at the same three US external sites on an ACL TOP 550 CTS by three different operators, using 11 representative commercially available assays each with two levels of assayed control materials. All materials were tested in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days, for a total of 80 replicates per level for each assay on each model as summarized below.

NOTE:   Precision data for derived fibrinogen with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G were not collected under the scope of this study

<table><tr><td colspan="7">External Site No. 1</td></tr><tr><td>Assay</td><td>Measurand</td><td>Control</td><td>N</td><td>Mean</td><td>Within-run CV%</td><td>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td><td rowspan="2">Prothrombin Time (seconds)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control</td><td>80</td><td>11.5</td><td>1.0%</td><td>1.6%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL High Abnormal</td><td>80</td><td>40.8</td><td>1.4%</td><td>3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan="2">APTT (Seconds)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control</td><td>80</td><td>29.9</td><td>1.0%</td><td>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL High Abnormal</td><td>80</td><td>52.5</td><td>1.4%</td><td>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL Fibrinogen-C (K073367)</td><td rowspan="2">Fibrinogen Clauss (mg/dL)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control</td><td>80</td><td>264</td><td>4.3%</td><td>4.5%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL Low Fibrinogen</td><td>80</td><td>90</td><td>4.3%</td><td>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL D-Dimer (K073042)</td><td rowspan="2">D-Dimer (ng/mL)</td><td>HemosIL D-Dimer Low</td><td>80</td><td>344</td><td>6.9%</td><td>11.2%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL D-Dimer High</td><td>80</td><td>739</td><td>2.8%</td><td>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin (K062431)</td><td rowspan="2">Antithrombin (%)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control</td><td>80</td><td>100</td><td>2.1%</td><td>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td>Special Test Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>23</td><td>6.0%</td><td>7.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL Protein C (K062430)</td><td rowspan="2">Protein C (%)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control</td><td>80</td><td>99</td><td>1.4%</td><td>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Special Test Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>26</td><td>3.8%</td><td>4.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL Free Protein S (K010379)</td><td rowspan="2">Free Protein S (%)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control</td><td>80</td><td>99</td><td>1.9%</td><td>6.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Special Test Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>30</td><td>3.0%</td><td>9.1%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL Factor V Deficient Plasma (K023839) with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td><td>Factor V (%)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control Special Test Level 2</td><td>80 80</td><td>102 32</td><td>3.6% 4.5%</td><td>6.7% 6.7%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL Factor VIl Deficient Plasma (K024082) with HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G (K070005)</td><td>Factor VII (%)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control Special Test Level 2</td><td>80 80</td><td>103 26</td><td>3.2% 3.8%</td><td>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">HemosIL Factor VII Deficient Plasma (K034007) with</td><td rowspan="2">Factor VIII</td><td rowspan="2">HemosIL Normal Control</td><td rowspan="2">80</td><td></td><td></td><td>5.7%</td></tr><tr><td>87</td><td>4.5%</td><td>9.1%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td>(%)</td><td>Special Test Level 2</td><td>80</td><td>25</td><td>4.0%</td><td>12.6%</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL Factor IX Deficient Plasma (K031829) with HemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td>Factor IX (%)</td><td>HemosIL Normal Control Special Test Level 2</td><td>80 80</td><td>102 31</td><td>4.7% 9.2%</td><td>8.4% 10.1%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – External (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>External Site No. 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-runCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProthrombinTime (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlHemosIL High Abnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.438.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT(Seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlHemosIL High Abnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.555.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C(K073367)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FibrinogenClauss (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlHemosIL Low Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer(K073042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer LowHemosIL D-Dimer High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%5.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin(K062431)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%6.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%9.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein C(K062430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9324</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Free Protein S(K010379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free Protein S(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%6.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor V DeficientPlasma (K023839) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3%6.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VII DeficientPlasma (K024082) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VII(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VIII DeficientPlasma (K034007) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VIII(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%7.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor IX DeficientPlasma (K031829) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IX(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%7.7%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision Study – External (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>External Site No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-runCV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalCV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProthrombinTime (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlHemosIL High Abnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%5.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT(Seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlHemosIL High Abnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C(K073367)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FibrinogenClauss (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlHemosIL Low Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%6.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer(K073042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer LowHemosIL D-Dimer High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>398725</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%5.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin(K062431)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%7.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein C(K062430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Free Protein S(K010379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free Protein S(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9528</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%3.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor V DeficientPlasma (K023839) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%9.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VII DeficientPlasma (K024082) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VII(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%7.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VIII DeficientPlasma (K034007) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VIII(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9428</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor IX DeficientPlasma (K031829) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IX(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal ControlSpecial Test Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10734</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%5.2%</td></tr></table>

# S u m m a ry (Co nt. )

# Reproducibility Study - External

exte r n a l 5 ‐d a y p re c i s i o n st u d y wa s p e rfo r m e d a t t h re e U S s ites o n a n AC L TO P 5 5 0 CTS by t h re e d iffe re nt o p e rato rs, u s i n g t h e sa m e l ot of 1 2 a d a y fo r 5 d a ys, fo r a tota l of 3 0 re p l i ca te s p e r l eve l fo r e a c h a ss a y o n e a c h m o d e l a s s u m m a ri ze d b e l ow .

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Level (unit)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>With-in Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spec (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spec (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>PT</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (Sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Abnormal Ctrl (Sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Derived Fib</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>324.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>329.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Low Fib Ctrl (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>APTT</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>NormalCtrl (Sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Abnormal Ctrl (Sec)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Fib-C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>327.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Low Fib Ctrl (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Study - External (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level (unit)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>With-in Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spec (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spec (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>D-Dimer High (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>710.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>D-Dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>748.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-Dimer Low (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>397.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Free Protein S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Study - External (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Level (unit)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>With-in Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spec (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Spec (%CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Status</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Factor V</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Factor VII</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Factor VIII</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Factor IX</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Normal Ctrl (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Special Ctrl Level 2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PASS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison Study – External

Method comparison studies were conducted at three US external sites on patient samples following CLSI EP09‐A3.  Testing at each site compared a representative ACL TOP Family 50 Series model (ACL TOP 550 CTS) to an ACL TOP 500 model (predicate), using 12 representative commercially available assays. Summary statistics for each site are presented below.

NOTE: Results outside of the individual assay’s linear range, samples with incomplete information and samples with instrument errors were removed from final calculations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>External Site No. 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7309</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Derived Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C(K073367)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen Clauss</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer(K073042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin(K062431)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.972</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein C(K062430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9842</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2767</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Free Protein S(K010379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free Protein S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7447</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor V DeficientPlasma (K023839) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VII DeficientPlasma (K024082) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VII DeficientPlasma (K034007) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.975</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor IX DeficientPlasma (K031829) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.974</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Method Comparison Study – External (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>External Site No. 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Derived Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9791</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C(K073367)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen Clauss</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2688</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.981</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer(K073042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9781</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin(K062431)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein C(K062430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6397</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Free Protein S(K010379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free Protein S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.981</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor V DeficientPlasma (K023839) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VII DeficientPlasma (K024082) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.976</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VIII DeficientPlasma (K034007) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9342</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.471</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.944</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor IX DeficientPlasma (K031829) withHemosIL SynthASil (K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8773</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.962</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Method Comparison Study – External (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>External Site No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9658</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5089</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Derived Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.569</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.871</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Fibrinogen-C(K073367)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen Clauss</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer(K073042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL LiquidAntithrombin(K062431)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9659</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.978</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Protein C(K062430)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Free Protein S(K010379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free Protein S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor V DeficientPlasma (K023839) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor V</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VII DeficientPlasma (K024082) withHemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G(K070005)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor VIIIDeficient Plasma (K034007)with HemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor VIII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.972</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor IX DeficientPlasma (K031829) withHemosIL SynthASil(K060688)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Method Comparison Study – External (Pre‐Analytical HIL Check)

External method comparison studies for the new Pre‐Analytical HIL Check feature were also conducted at three US sites on patient samples following CLSI EP09‐A3.  Testing at each site compared a representative ACL TOP Family 50 Series model (ACL TOP 550 CTS) to the reference devices listed in the table below.

NOTES: The Pre‐Analytical HIL Check feature flags sample results to alert instrument operators of potential HIL interference specific to the assays requested for a sample.   There are no analytical claims for hemoglobin, bilirubin or turbidity analysis with the introduction of the Pre‐Analytical HIL Check. Information provided by the check does not replace any interference information included in the package inserts of IL products.

External Site No. 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>External Site No. 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoCue (BK000043)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.944</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Envoy 500 (K945271)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5738</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.963</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual Matching</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Overall Matching</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoCue (BK000043)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.957</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Envoy 500 (K945271)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.973</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual Matching</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Overall Matching</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93%</td></tr></table>

External Site No. 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemoCue (BK000043)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.971</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Envoy 500 (K945271)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.127</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.952</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Visual Matching</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Overall Matching</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr></table>

# Pre‐Analytical Clog Detection Testing

A Pre‐Analytical Clog Detection test was conducted internally on ACL TOP Family 50 Series model instruments (2 ACL TOP 350 CTS models; 2 ACL TOP 550 CTS models; 2 ACL TOP 750 models; 2 ACL TOP 750 CTS models; 1 ACL TOP 750 LAS model).    All instrument models correctly detected an occluded sample probe.

# Pre‐Analytical Tube Fill Height Check Testing

A Pre‐Analytical Tube Fill Height Check test was conducted internally on ACL TOP Family 50 Series model instruments (2 ACL TOP 350 CTS models; 2 ACL TOP 550 CTS models; 2 ACL TOP 750 models; 2 ACL TOP 750 CTS models).  All instrument models correctly detected when tubes were underfilled.

# Conclusion:

Based on the shared indications for use, operating principle, consumables, reagents, controls and calibrators, and considering the above summary performance data, the ACL TOP Family 50 Series with its new pre‐analytical features can be concluded to be substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate device, ACL TOP Family.