HORIBA ABX SAS   
HORIBA MEDICAL   
Ms. Caroline Ferrer   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Parc Euromédecine   
Rue du Caducée – BP7290   
34184 Montpellier Cedex 4, France

Re: K151133 Trade/Device Name: PENTRA XLR Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: November 6, 2015 Received: November 9, 2015

Dear Ms. Ferrer:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name PENTRA XLR

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Premarket Notification [510(k)] Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number: K151133

1.0 Sumitted by :   
Company: HORIBA ABX SAS   
HORIBA MEDICAL   
Parc Euromédecine   
Rue du Caducée – BP 7290   
34184 Montpellier cedex 4   
FRANCE   
Contact Person: Caroline Ferrer (caroline.ferrer@horiba.com)   
Telephone: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1843   
Fax: $^ +$ (33) 4 67 14 1517

# 2.0 Date Submitted : November 2, 2015

# 3.0 Device Name and Classification : Trade/Proprietary Name: PENTRA XLR

# Classification:

Device:   
Panel:   
Regulation number:   
Product Code:   
Class:   
Counter, differential cell   
81 Hematology   
864.5220   
GKZ   
II

# 4.0 System description : 4.1 Device Description

The PENTRA XLR is a device modification to the ABX PENTRA 80 (k024002), which consists in the addition of the measurement of Reticulocytes (RET) parameters to the existing Complete Blood Count (CBC) and Differential (DIFF) counts already performed by the analyzer.

The additional RET mode, based on the use of Thiazol orange reagent and fluorescence detection by optical bench, is independent from the modes already existing on the ABX PENTRA 80: the

CBC and the CBC+DIFF modes, as there have been no modifications to the existing mechanical and analytical portions of the original device.

The existing fundamental scientific technology for the analyzer itself has not changed. Including, hematological parameters for complete blood count and differential leucocyte count, the reagents and controls, measuring principles, and the principles of operation are the same as previously cleared by the FDA. Refer to Table I.

The parameters already available on the ABX PENTRA 80 are unchanged:

CBC parameters: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, PLT, MPV DIFF parameters: LYM#, $\mathrm { L Y M \% }$ , MON#, MON%, NEU#, NEU%, EOS#, $\mathrm { E O S \% }$ BAS#, BAS%

The additional Reticulocytes parameters are the following:

RET#: Reticulocyte Absolute Value $\mathrm { R E T \% }$ : Reticulocyte Percentage CRC: Corrected Reticulocyte Count IRF: Immature Reticulocyte Fraction

RBC parameter is as well reported in RET mode.

Software changes reflect routine updates to the cycle operation, increased user interface options, and the support of the Reticulocyte counting.

# 4.2 Principles of Operation

The PENTRA XLR performs hematology analyses using the following methods:

RBC / PLT: Impedance WBC: Impedance • HGB: Spectrophotometry DIFF: Impedance with hydrofocus Cytometry and Cytochemistry (DHSS) MCV: Calculated RET: Fluorescence and Impedance

The Principles of Operation for the parameters already existing on the ABX Pentra 80 are unchanged, and are therefore not explained again.

The Principle of Operation for the Reticulocyte Parameters is described below.

The instrument samples $3 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of blood and injects $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of it in the DIL1 chamber. It then mixes it with $1 . 7 \mathrm { m L }$ of ABX Diluent. Then the instrument samples $2 8 ~ \mu \mathrm { L }$ of diluted blood and mixes it with $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of ABX Fluocyte.

This reagent contains a fluorescent stain which is specific to nucleic acids: thiazol orange (Thiazol orange is a patented product from Becton Dickinson, San Jose, CA, USA).

The dilution is warmed at $3 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for 50 seconds. The stain molecules enter through the cell membrane and fix the ribonucleic acid molecules. This binding gives an increase of the fluorescence (enhancement: ${ \sim } 3 0 0 0 \mathrm { x } )$ . After 50 seconds, the solution is transferred to the laser optical bench to be measured.

The laser optical bench simultaneously measures the fluorescence of the cells passing through the measuring point into the flowcell, and the volume by impedance. A cell passing through the flowcell gives two types of information:

■ The size of the cell measured by resistivity (Cell Impedance Signal), ■ The fluorescence signal (Orthogonal Fluorescence Light OFL).

OFL: The fluorescence is collected using:

■ a lens focused on the optical flowcell and located at $9 0 ^ { \circ }$ from the laser beam, ■ an interferential filter specific to the thiazol orange stain selecting only the fluorescent wavelength,

■ an avalanche photodiode.

# Reticulocyte Matrix:

The Reticulocytes matrix is generated from two measurements: resistivity volume (CIS) and orthogonal fluorescence (OFL) of cells according to the X and Y axes respectively.

Mature red blood cells without RNA show little or no fluorescent signal. They are located at the bottom of the matrix, and horizontally distributed according to their MCV and RDW. Reticulocytes are separated from the red blood cells by their fluorescence which is proportional to the RNA content and their immaturity.

The most fluorescent elements, which are saturated at the top of the matrix, are the most immature. Erythroblasts may also be found in this area.

# 4.3 Modes of Operation

# Measurement modes:

The PENTRA XLR instrument can operate in:

- CBC mode (Complete Blood Count) - DIFF mode $( \mathrm { C B C } + \mathrm { W B C }$ Differential) - RET mode (Reticulocytes $^ +$ RBC)

# Sampling modes:

The PENTRA XLR operates in:

Automatic sampling (auto mixer and auto loader) for CBC and DIFF modes only or • Manual sampling (STAT mode) for CBC, DIFF and RET modes.

Therefore, for the RET mode, only the manual sampling (STAT mode) is available.

# 4.4 Specimen Identification

Tube sample ID can be identified manually or by double barcode label reading.

# 4.5 Calibration

Calibration is a procedure that is performed during specific situations such as installation, maintenance or service intervention. It is performed by a HORIBA ABX SAS representative. It

ensures that the precision and accuracy of the analyzer are acceptable, so that accurate measurements are performed by the analyzer.

The RET measurement is adjusted by HORIBA Medical technician upon the PENTRA XLR installation and according to procedure described in the User Manual.

# 4.6 Quality Control

Quality control allows the user to monitor a set of analyses based on known sample values and ranges over a period of several months. Statistical computation performed on these populations allows the extraction of qualitative information related to the stability of the instrument. The manufacturer’s instructions are to be followed for material and frequency of quality control analysis.

The RET parameters are controlled with a specific Quality Control; ABX MINOTROL RETIC, already cleared by 510(k) K943336 as Retic CONTROL-H Hematology Control, R&D Systems, Inc.

# 4.7 Software

HORIBA ABX SAS’s Hazard Analysis and Software Development process for this product are included in this submission.

# 5.0 Intended use

# 5.1 Indications for Use :

The PENTRA XLR is a quantitative multi-parameter, automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories to identify and enumerate the following parameters: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, PLT, MPV, LYM $( \# , \% )$ , MON $( \# , \% )$ , NEU $( \# , \% )$ , EOS $( \# , \% )$ , BAS $( \# , \% )$ , as well as the Reticulocyte parameters RET $( \# , \% )$ , CRC, and IRF in K2EDTA and K3EDTA anticoagulated venous whole blood samples from patients $\geq$ 18 years of age.

# 5.2 Special Conditions for Use Statements:

For prescription use only.

6.0 Comparison with the original device : Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PENTRA 80 (K024002)Original Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PENTRA XLRModified device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated blood cell counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Complete Blood Cell Count (CBC)WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, RDW, PLT, MPVLeukocyte Differential (DIFF):NEU (# and %), LYM (# and %), MON(# and %), EOS (# and %), BAS (# and%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSame</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2 and K3EDTA anti-coagulated wholeblood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CBC mode: 35 μLCBC + DIFF mode: 53 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principles           ofmeasurements</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC / PLT: ImpedanceWBC: ImpedanceHGB: SpectrophotometryDIFF:Impedance with hydrofocusCytometry and Cytochemistry (DHSS)MCV: Calculated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Diluent (10L, 20L)ABX CleanerABX Basolyse IIABX Eosinofix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Minocal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Minotrol 16ABX Difftrol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 samples / hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions(Height x Width xDepth)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82cm x 57cm x 54cm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performances    forparameters in CBCand DIFF modes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecisionLinearityAccuracyLeukocyte DifferentiationSample stabilityCarry-over</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The CBC and DIFF mode performance verification has been done and is on file at HORIBA ABX SAS. The performance of the PENTRA XLR RBC parameter obtained in RET mode has been verified during the RET parameters validation. The RBC parameter performance is identical to the performance obtained in CBC mode and previously detailed to FDA through $\mathrm { k } 0 2 4 0 0 2$ .

# Differences

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PENTRA 80 (K024002)Original Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PENTRA XLRModified device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ABX PENTRA 80 HematologyAnalyzer is a fully automated(microprocessor controlled)hematology analyzer used for the invitro diagnostic testing of wholeblood specimens.The ABX PENTRA 80 is able tooperate either in complete bloodcount (CBC) mode or in CBC + 5differential leucocyte count (5DIFF)mode.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PENTRA XLR is aquantitative multi-parameter,automated hematology analyzerfor in vitro diagnostic use inclinical laboratories to identifyand enumerate the followingparameters: WBC, RBC, HGB,HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC,RDW, PLT, MPV, LYM#,LYM%, MON#, MON%, NEU#,NEU%, EOS#, EOS%, BAS#,BAS%, as well as theReticulocyte parameters RET#,RET%, CRC, and IRF inK2EDTA and K3EDTAanticoagulated venous wholeblood samples from patients ≥ 18years of age.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Additional Reticulocyte Count(RET):RET (in #, %), IRF (in %), CRC(in %)+ RBC (same as in CBC mode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen volume inRET mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No RET Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Additional RET mode: 35 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET Principles ofmeasurements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No RET Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET: Fluorescence andimpedance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanical and pneumatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identicalwith addition of the following forRET measurement : diode laser,lens focused on the opticalflowcell, an interferential filterspecific to the thiazol orange stainselecting only the fluorescentwavelength, an avalanchephotodiode.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows-based software application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical.The software has been updated tointegrate the RET measurement.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Lyse (ABX Alphalyse or ABXLysebio)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Lyse (ABX Lysebio only)ABX Fluocyte (specific reagentfor Reticulocyte count, based on</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiazole Orange dye)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Reticulocyte Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Minotrol Retic (specificcontrol for RET count)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55 kg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57 kg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reticulocyteparameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Reticulocyte claim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance available for RET(in #, %), IRF (in %), CRC (in %)</td></tr></table>

# 7.0 Substantial Equivalence Information :

The following tables show the similarities and differences between the candidate device and its predicate device identified below.

# 7.1 Predicate Device Name and 510(k) number:

For the validation of the Reticulocyte parameters on the PENTRA XLR the following predicate device was used during the clinical evaluation:

7.2 Comparison with predicate Device : Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate 510(k)numbers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PENTRA XLR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX PENTRA DX 120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K050719K991839K990311</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX PENTRA DX 120 (K991839)Predicate Device for RETparameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PENTRA XLRModified device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HORIBA ABX SAS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of product</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated blood cell counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiagnosticParameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET:RET (#, %), IRF (%), MRV (Fl),CRC (%), RET L (%), RET M (%),RET H (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET:RET (#, %), IRF (%), CRC (%),</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2 and K3EDTA anti-coagulatedwhole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET Principles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence and Impedance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Fluocyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Fluocyte contains afluorescent stain which is specific tonucleic acids: thiazol orange(Thiazol orange is a patentedproduct from Becton Dickinson San</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jose, CA, USA).The stain molecules enter throughthe cell membrane and fix theribonucleic acid molecules. Thebinding gives an increase offluorescence. The laser opticalbench simultaneously measures thefluorescence of the cells passingthrough the measuring point into theflowcell, and volume byabsorbance. The size of the cell ismeasured by resistivity, thescattered light (FSL) is measuredapproximately 200 µS after theaperture measurement, thefluorescence signal (OFL) ismeasured simultaneously with theFSL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX Minotrol Retic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET       Technicalparameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MFIPIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">RET Performance Claims</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carryover</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET% Carryover &lt;1.0%RET# Carryover &lt;1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For RET# and RET%:48H at 4°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

7.3 Comparison with predicate Device : Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>ABX PENTRA DX 120 (K991839)Predicate Device for RETparameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>PENTRA XLRModified device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>The ABX PENTRA DX 120Hematology Analyzer is anautomated hematology analyzerproviding complete blood count(CBC), differential leucocyte count(DIFF) as well as reticulocyte count(RET) and nucleated red blood cellcount (NRBC) for the in vitrodiagnostic use in clinicallaboratories.The clinical use of the reticulocytecount, specifically the immaturereticulocyte fraction (IRF) is tomonitor erythropoietic activity inpatients.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>The PENTRA XLR is a quantitativemulti-parameter, automatedhematology analyzer for in vitrodiagnostic use in clinical laboratoriesto identify and enumerate thefollowing parameters: WBC, RBC,HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC,RDW, PLT, MPV, LYM#, LYM%,MON#, MON%, NEU#, NEU%,EOS#, EOS%, BAS#, BAS%, aswell as the Reticulocyte parametersRET#, RET%, CRC, and IRF inK2EDTA and K3EDTAanticoagulated venous whole bloodsamples from patients ≥18 years ofage.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Manual cycle: 130μLAutomatic cycle: 200μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>RET mode: 35 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>120 samples / hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>80 samples / hour</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions(Height x Widthx Depth)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>75cm x 167cm x 55cm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>82cm x 57cm x 54cm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>110 kg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>57 kg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>RET Performance Claims</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Precision/Reproducibility</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=7>No precision limits were claimed.Precision studies were done withcontrol material only.Within-run precision (in %):</td><td rowspan=12 colspan=5>No precision limits were claimed.      Repeatability limit claims (in %)Precision studies were done with      (for Low, Medium, High Levels ofcontrol material only.                      blood samples):Within-run precision (in %):             Param Low    Med.   HighParam Low   Med.   HighRET   N/A    12      8RET   6.9     2.5     3.1         %%                                              RET# N/A    20      10RET# 6.6     3.1     3.4         CRC   18     15      10CRC   6.7     3.1     3.4         IRF    SD     25      15IRF    N/A   N/A    N/A                   &lt;0.04Between-day precision (in %):         Reproducibility (for Low, Medium,High Levels of controls):Param Low   Med.  High       Param Low   Med.   High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Param</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Med.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Param</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Med.</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>−</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD&lt;0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Param</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Med.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Param</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Med.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Item</td><td colspan="4">ABX PENTRA DX 120 (K991839) Predicate Device for RET</td><td colspan="5">PENTRA XLR Modified device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">parameters RET</td><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td>%</td><td>6.3</td><td>2.1</td><td>1.0</td><td>RET %</td><td>18</td><td>10</td><td>8</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>RET#</td><td>6.3</td><td>2.0</td><td>1.0</td><td>RET#</td><td>18</td><td>10</td><td>8</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CRC IRF</td><td>6.5</td><td>3.0</td><td>1.1</td><td>CRC</td><td>15</td><td>12</td><td></td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>N/A</td><td>N/A</td><td>N/A</td><td>IRF</td><td>18</td><td>10</td><td>8</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Linearity / AMR Accuracy (Method</td><td colspan="5">RET%: 0.9 33.7 (%) RET#: 0.026 - 1.081 (x10%/mm³) n=200 patient samples RET% r=0.96488</td><td colspan="4">RET%: 0.7 - 27 (%) RET#: 0.01 - 0.5 (x10%/mm³) n=300 patient samples minimum RET% r2&gt;0.95 RET# r2&gt;0.95</td></tr><tr><td>comparison) Reference intervals</td><td colspan="4">RET# r=0.94224 RET% (%): Age 4-99 m/f: 0.5 - 2.5 Age 14-19 m/f: 0.5 - 2.0 Age 20-29 m/f: 0.6 - 2.0 Age 30-99 m/f: 0.6 - 2.5 RET# (x106/mm³) Age 4-13 m: 0.03 - 0.12 Age 4-13 f: 0.03 - 0.12 Age 14-19 m: 0.03 - 0.09 Age 14-19 f: 0.03 - 0.11 Age 20-29 m: 0.03 - 0.10 Age 20-29 f: 0.03 - 0.10 Age 30-99 m: 0.03 - 0.13 Age 30-99 f: 0.03  0.12</td><td colspan="4">RET% (%): Age &gt; 18 f: 0.70 - 2.35 Age &gt; 18 m: 0.70 - 2.06 RET# (x106/mm³) Age &gt; 18 f: 0.022 - 0.106 Age &gt; 18 m: 0.024 - 0.106</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABX PENTRA DX 120 (K991839)Predicate Device for RETparameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PENTRA XLRModified device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No claim when samples are stored atroom temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24h at Room Temp. for RET%,RET#, CRC and IRF</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Special Control/Guidance Document Referenced :

# 8.1 Standards Followed

• CLSI EP05-A2: Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods – 2004   
• CLSI EP06-A: Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedure: A Statistical Approach – 2003 CLSI EP07-A2: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry – 2005 CLSI EP09-A3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples – 2013   
• CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures – 2012 CLSI EP28-A3c: Defining, Establishing and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory – 2008 CLSI H26-A2: Validation, Verification and Quality Assurance of Automated Hematology Analyzers – 2010 CLSI H44-A2: Methods for reticulocyte Counting (Automated Blood Cell Counters, Flow Cytometry, and Supravital Dyes); Approved Guideline – Second Edition - 2004 IEC61010-1, IEC61010-2-081, IEC61010-2-101, UL61010-1, CAN/CSA-C22.2 No. 61010-1-12, CAN/CSA-C22.2 No. 61010.2.081-04, CAN/CSA-C22.2 No. 61010-2-101- 04: Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use EN61326-1, EN61326-2-6: Electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use - EMC requirements EN60825-1: Safety of Laser products – Part 1: Equipment classification and requirements ISO14971: Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices

# 8.2 FDA Guidances Followed

Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff : Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)s - 2005   
Final Guidance for Industry and FDA: Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Premarket Notifications for Automated Differential Cell Counters for Immature or Abnormal Blood Cells – 2001   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff : Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices – 2005   
Guidance for Industry, FDA Reviewers and Compliance on Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices – 1999   
Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff on the Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices - 2014

# 9.0 Summary of Performance Data :

# Note :

RET parameters included in this submission are the following:

• RET# • $\mathrm { R E T \% }$ • CRC • IRF

RET# are calculated using RBC value.

The RBC value reported in the RET mode is obtained from a measurement identical to the existing RBC measurement on the ABX PENTRA 80.

The performance of the PENTRA XLR RBC parameter obtained in RET mode has been verified during the RET parameters validation. The RBC parameter performance is identical to the performance obtained in CBC mode and previously detailed to FDA through k024002.

# 9.1 Analytical Performance 9.1.1 Analytical Limits at Low Level

Limit of Blank (LoB) and Limit of Detection (LoD) studies cannot be performed for Reticulocyte parameters, because it is not possible to have result when there is no or not enough RBC in the sample. A verification of the LoB and LoD has been done for the RBC parameter.

Analytical sensitivity has been determined for the Reticulocyte parameters according to CLSI H44-A2 guideline. A verification of the LoQ according to CLSI EP17-A2 guideline has been done for the RBC parameter.

# Limit of Blank (LoB)

Plasma samples, obtained by centrifugation of normal samples, were used as blank samples, in order to be as close as possible as the blood sample matrix.   
To estimate the LoB, a total of 60 repeated measurements of different plasma are run in the same series (6 different samples run 10 times).   
This test is performed on 2 PENTRA XLR instruments with two reagents lots.   
RBC results on PENTRA XLR met specifications and are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

LoB obtained from 60 repeated measurements of 6 different plasma samples, are:

<table><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>LoB</td></tr><tr><td>RBC</td><td>0 x 106/mm3</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Detection (LoD)

A set of six samples with very low parameter concentration (i.e. in the range LoB and $4 \mathrm { ~ x ~ }$ LoB) are run 10 times over several days.

To estimate the LOD, take 60 results and calculate the pooled standard deviation (SDs). This test is performed on 2 PENTRA XLR instruments with two reagents lots. RBC results on PENTRA XLR met specifications and are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

LoD obtained from 10 runs of 6 low samples on each instrument are:

<table><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>LoD</td></tr><tr><td>RBC</td><td>0.01 x 106/mm3</td></tr></table>

# Analytical sensitivity - Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

# • For Reticulocyte parameters:

To estimate the analytical senstivity for Reticulocyte parameters, a range of linearity in low concentrations is prepared. 7 levels are prepared and run 4 times each. This test is performed on at least 3 PENTRA XLR instruments with four reagents lots.

The Analytical sensitivity data are considered acceptable when the distribution of the residuals is randomly distributed and $\mathrm { r } ^ { 2 }$ higher than 0.98. The lowest value obtained in agreement with the acceptance criteria is the sensitivity limit and will be used as low limit for measuring range.

Analytical sensitivity limits obtained are:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical sensitivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 x 10%/mm3</td></tr></table>

# • For RBC parameter:

To estimate the limit of quantitation, several ranges of linearity in low concentrations are prepared. Between 3 to 6 samples by level are prepared and run at least 5 times each, 40 replicates by level are necessary. The LoQ data are considered acceptable when the $\%$ Total-error is smaller than the desired total error for each measurand.

This test is performed on 2 PENTRA XLR instruments with two reagents lots.

RBC results on PENTRA XLR met specifications and are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

LoQ obtained from at least 40 runs of 4 samples by level are:

<table><tr><td>Measurand</td><td>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td>RBC</td><td>0.24 x 10%/mm3</td></tr></table>

# 9.1.2 Precision(Repeatability/Reproducibility) Imprecision (Repeatability)

Repeatability was performed using a minimum of 10 normal and 5 abnormal fresh whole blood samples collected into tubes containing K2EDTA anticoagulant, at 3 different clinical sites. Each sample was run 12 consecutive times on the PENTRA XLR, in a single day and all runs were completed within 8 hours of sample collection.

The size of the standard deviation (SD) was compared with the mean value of each parameter. This standard deviation divided by the mean is known as the Coefficient of Variation (CV) and is expressed as a percentage: $\mathrm { C V \% } = ( 1 0 0 ^ { \ast } |$ [Standard Deviation/Mean])

The results obtained were in the specifications. RBC results are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

Precision (Repeatability) Acceptance Criteria   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Low level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Normal Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>High Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET% (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 - 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#(10%/mm3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 - 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRC (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75 - 2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD &lt; 0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15-0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC(10%/mm^3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV% &lt; 2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 - 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%&lt;1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;6</td></tr></table>

# Imprecision (Reproducibility)

Reproducibility was assessed on four PENTRA XLR instruments at four different sites, each with its own operator. On each site; High, Normal, and Low levels of one single lot of control material (Minotrol Retic for the Reticulocyte parameters Difftrol for the RBC parameter) were run in duplicate, twice each day, during a minimum of 25 days.

Total standard deviation and $C V \%$ were calculated for each measurand and results obtained were in the specifications. RBC results are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

Precision (Reproducibility) Acceptance Criteria   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Minotrol Retic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Low Level Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Normal Level Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>High Level Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Difftrol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Low Level Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Normal Level Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>High Level Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr></table>

# 9.1.3 Linearity / Assay’s Measuring (Reportable) Range

Commercial Linearity kits were used to perform the linearity studies. The expected values of the kit samples were considered the “true values”. Each level was run in replicates of four $( \mathrm { n } { = } 4 )$ as recommended by the kit supplier. For each level, the 4 replicate results were plotted versus the theoretical value. The findings of the polynomial regression analysis indicate that the PENTRA XLR exhibits linearity across the claimed range.

The Analytical Measuring Range is defined as the range comprised between the Analytical Limit or Limit of Quantitation and the High Linearity Limit determined for each parameter. The claimed AMR are therefore:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMR on PENTRA XLR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET% (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7-27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET# (106/mm3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01- 0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC (106/mm3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2- 8.0</td></tr></table>

RBC results are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

# 9.1.4 Carryover

The potential for sample carryover was tested in duplicate on the PENTRA XLR instrument using alternating high and low concentrations samples.

The percentage of carryover is calculated using the formula below:

$$
\boxed { C t \% = \frac { l o w 4 - l o w 6 } { h i g h 3 - l o w 6 } \times 1 0 0 }
$$

All carry-over results are within specifications for the PENTRA XLR System. RBC results are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carry-over Limit(%CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1%</td></tr></table>

# 9.1.5 Interfering substances

The interference effect is evaluated following two methodologies:

By addition : evaluating the effect of potentially interfering substances added to the sample of interest:

A potential interfering substance is added to a sample and the bias relative to a control portion of the sample is evaluated ("paired-difference testing"). This bias was compared to the acceptance criteria.

For all tests performed with the following potential interferents, the bias remained below the acceptable limit and therefore, no significant interference was observed: urea, bilirubin, lipemia, and hemolysis.

By comparison: evaluating the bias of individual specimen: Representative patient specimens (with known or potential reticulocyte interferents, as given in CLSI H44-A2 guidance document) and control samples (without interferent) are run in duplicate in comparison to a comparative measurement procedure (ABX PENTRA DX 120). Then the bias versus comparative measurement values was plotted for each specimen group. Both measurement procedures had 10 to 20 samples in each group to demonstrate sufficient precision. A comparable effect was observed on the PENTRA XLR and the reference device for the interferences from: Abnormal RBC, Basophilic stippling, Cold agglutinins, Giant platelets, Hemolysis, Howell-Jolly Bodies, Leukocyte fragments, Nucleated erythrocytes, Pappenheimer bodies, Paraproteins, Platelet clumps, Platelet/erythrocyte coincidence.

Additionally, Heinz Bodies, Parasites and Autofluorescence are potential interferents on respectively WBC and Monocytes counts that could not be tested, but that are well described in literature.

# 9.1.6 Sample stability

10 whole venous blood specimens (collected in K2EDTA) were analyzed on the PNTRA XLR at one site in US. Following the collection (T0), each specimen was divided in half, with one sample stored at ambient temperature $( 2 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and the other stored under refrigerated conditions $( 4 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ . Testing for stability was performed at 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 24, 48 and 72 hours after T0. When sufficient volume is available, each time point is tested in duplicate. The acceptance criteria for sample stability is given as an acceptable maximum bias of the value at T with the value at $\mathrm { T 0 }$ . All data passed specifications. RBC results are consistent with ABX PENTRA 80 claim.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample stability whenstored refrigerated (2-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n Sample stability whenstored     at     roomtemperature (20-24°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 hours</td></tr></table>

# 9.2 Other supportive performance data using clinical specimens

In order to support the equivalence and comparability claims made for the PENTRA XLR in vitro diagnostic hematology analyzer, some performance studies were done in external clinical laboratories with clinical blood specimens collected prospectively or not. These may be considered as “Clinical studies”.

# 9.2.1 Comparability with Predicate Device

A total of 376 whole blood specimens (collected in K2EDTA) from adult patients were analyzed at three test sites in the US. Different instruments and operators were used at each site.

Each of the samples was analyzed in duplicate on the PENTRA XLR and on the predicate ABX PENTRA DX 120.

Bias was estimated at three points for each reticulocyte parameter: the low end of the distribution of observations, the mid-point, and the high end of the distribution. Bias was estimated separately for each replicate. Acceptance criteria were met for all measurands at all levels. These findings support the claim that the PENTRA XLR candidate device and the ABX PENTRA DX 120 predicate device are substantially equivalent, and demonstrate acceptable levels of bias.

# 9.2.2 Comparability between Anticoagulant types

A total of 90 normal and pathological blood specimens were analyzed on the PENTRA XLR at two sites in the US. Different instruments and operators were used at each site. The specimens used in this study were venous blood specimens that were prospectively collected for this study specifically. Each subject provided blood collected in both K2EDTA and K3EDTA.

Each of the samples was analyzed in duplicate on the PENTRA XLR.

Bias was estimated at three points for each reticulocyte parameter: the low end of the distribution of observations, the mid-point, and the high end of the distribution. Bias was estimated separately for each replicate. Acceptance criteria were met for all measurands at all levels. These findings support the claim that K2EDTA and K3EDTA specimens give comparable results as measured on the PENTRA XLR hematology analyzer.

# 9.2.3 Comparability between CBC and RET modes for RBC

A total of 107 normal and pathological blood specimens were analyzed on two PENTRA XLR instruments at one site in France. The specimens used in this study were venous blood specimens collected in K2EDTA.

Each subject specimen was analyzed in duplicate on both instruments in RET mode and CBC mode.

Bias was estimated at three points for RBC parameter: the low end of the distribution of observations, the mid-point, and the high end of the distribution. Bias was estimated separately for each replicate. Acceptance criteria were met at all levels. These findings support the claim that CBC and RET modes give comparable RBC results as measured on the PENTRA XLR hematology analyzer.

# 9.2.4 Reference Interval

242 (122 female and 120 male) normal adult samples (whole blood samples collected in K2EDTA) were analyzed in duplicate on the PENTRA XLR at two test sites in the US.

The nonparametric data analysis method was used, depending only on the ranks of the reference data arranged in order of increasing size. Per EP28-A3, the reference interval is determined to be between and including the lower and upper reference limits, which enclose $9 5 \%$ of the values from the reference population subjects. Confidence intervals for the reference limit were calculated using a $90 \%$ probability ( $90 \%$ CI).

For each gender, a reference interval has been defined as described in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PENTRA XLRReference Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>FEMALES(N=122)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>MALES(N=120)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIGH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIGH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.232</td></tr></table>

These intervals are given in the labeling of the PENTRA XLR.

However, expected values will vary with sample population and/or geographical location. Horiba highly recommends that each laboratory establishes its own normal ranges based upon its local population.

# 10.0 Proposed Labeling :

The labeling is written as per the recommendations given in standard EN18113-2. It takes into account the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 11.0 Conclusion :

As per 21CFR Part $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 ( \mathrm { b } ) ( 3 )$ , the nonclinical and clinical tests demonstrate that the PENTRA XLR device is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as or better than the predicate device .

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.