Advanced Instruments, Inc.   
Mr. Robert Mello   
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Two Technology Way   
Norwood, MA 02062

Re: K152776 Trade/Device Name: GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System GloCyte® Low and High Level Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5200 Regulation Name: Automated cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKL, JPK Dated: April 26, 2016 Received: April 27, 2016

Dear Mr. Mello:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, -Misbranding by reference to premarket notification- (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: January 31, 2017See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)K152776</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameGloCyte Automated Cell Counter SystemGloCyte Low and High Level Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

The GloCyte Automated Cell Counter System is intended for use bytrained healthcare professionals incliical ltitiy cerebrospinal fluid collected from adult and pediatric patients.

Th GloCy Lownd High Leve Controls e tologonrol des iorhe pe GloCyte Automated Cell Counter System. Assayed parameters include total nucleated cells and erythrocytes.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden te or hcolectin formation sestiateoaveragehours per esponse,ncud e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and coplet and review the collection  inforation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls

# 5.1 Applicant

Advanced Instruments, Inc. Two Technology Way Norwood, MA 02062 USA Phone: 781-320-9000 Fax: 617-845-9032

Date: September 24, 2015

Contact Person:   
Robert Mello   
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer   
Phone: 781-471-2008   
Fax: 781-320-8181

# 5.2 Device

Trade name: GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System   
Common Name: Automated Cell Counter   
Panel: 81 Hematology   
Regulation: 21 CFR 864.5200- Automated Cell Counter   
Product Code: GKL   
Class II   
Trade name: GloCyte® Low and High Level Controls   
Common Name: Hematology quality control mixture   
Panel: 81 Hematology   
21 CFR 864.8625 – Hematology quality control mixture   
Product Code: JPK   
Class II

# 5.3 Predicate Device

Sysmex XN-10, (K112605)

# 5.4 Device Description

The GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System is intended for use by trained healthcare professionals in clinical laboratories to provide quantitative determination of fluorescence labeled total nucleated cells and erythrocytes in cerebrospinal fluid collected from adult and pediatric patients.

The GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System is an automated cell counter that concentrates and enumerates total nucleated cells (TNCs) and red blood cells (RBCs) using fluorescent

# 510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls

microscopy and digital image analysis principles. The test method uses one of two reagents to stain TNCs (propidium iodide with detergent) or RBCs (fluorochrome labeled anti- human RBC antibody in buffer with stabilizers), and a digital imaging system to count the cells. The image is captured by a digital CCD camera, and the fluorescent stained cells are counted via digital image processing.

The GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System includes the Instrument, Computer (hardware & software), Vacuum Station, Sample Preparation Tray, Barcode Reader, Pipettes (10 and $3 0 \mu \mathrm { L }$ ), Test Cartridge, TNC and RBC Reagents, Low and High Level Controls.

# 5.5 Intended Use

The GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System is intended for use by trained healthcare professionals in clinical laboratories to provide quantitative determination of fluorescence labeled total nucleated cells and erythrocytes in cerebrospinal fluid collected from adult and pediatric patients.

The GloCyte® Low and High Level Controls are assayed hematology controls designed to monitor the performance of the GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System. Assayed parameters include total nucleated cells and erythrocytes.

# 5.6 Substantial Equivalence

A comparison of similarities and differences between the GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System and the predicate device is provided in table 5-1(Similarities) and 5-2 (Differences).

Table 5-1. Substantial Equivalence Table Comparing GloCyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Automated Cell Counter System to Predicate Device: Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Items</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: Sysmex XN-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GloCyte® Automated Cell CounterSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSF (and other body fluids)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow system, semiconductor laser withoptical components.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semiconductor laser with opticalcomponents.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC-BF#, RBC-BF#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC, RBC</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls   
Table 5-2. Substantial Equivalence Table Comparing GloCyte $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Automated Cell Counter   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>System to Predicate Device: Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Items</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: Sysmex XN-10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GloCyte® Automated Cell CounterSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XN-Series modules (XN-10, XN-20) are quantitative multi-parameterautomated hematology analyzersintended for in vitro diagnostic use inscreening patient populations found inclinical laboratories. The XN-Seriesmodules classify and enumerate thefollowing parameters in whole blood:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#,MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#,IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV,NRBC#/%, RET%/#, IPF, IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode for bodyfluids. The Body Fluid modeenumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/#, and TC-BFparameters in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF),serous fluids (peritoneal, pleural) andsynovial fluids. Whole blood should becollected in K2 or K3EDTAanticoagulant and, Serous and Synovialfluids in K2EDTA anticoagulant toprevent clotting of fluid. The use ofanticoagulants with CSF specimens isneither required nor recommended.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GloCyte® Automated CellCounter System is intended for use bytrained healthcare professionals inclinical laboratories to providequantitative determination offluorescence labeled total nucleatedcells and erythrocytes in cerebrospinalfluid collected from adult andpediatric patients.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performs hematology analysisaccording to the Hydro DynamicFocusing (DC Detection), flowcytometry method (using asemiconductor laser), and SLS-hemoglobin method.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection of fluorescence from stainedRBCs/TNCs using semiconductor laserand optical system to analyze,calculate and display cell counts.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LYSERCELL WDF (Lyse)FLUOROCELL WDF (Stain)CELLPACK™ DCL (Diluent)CELLPACKTM DFL (Diluent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC Reagent (hemolysis of RBCs &amp;stain nucleated cells)RBC Reagent (anti-human glycophorinA/B antibody fluorescent stain).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN-10 Calibrator (XN CAL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No external calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample/FluidicPathway</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single fluidic pathway</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No fluidic pathway</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions ofMain Unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Width: 645mmHeight:855mmDepth:755mm(Single Unit including Sampler)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Width: 153mmHeight:255mmDepth:204mm(Instrument)Width: 121mmHeight:108mmDepth: 108mm(Vacuum Station)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight (kg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 (Single Unit including Sampler)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 (Instrument)&lt;1.0 (Vacuum Station)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 samples/hour maximum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-15 samples/hour.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30μL for TNC test30μL for RBC test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XN Check BF - 2 Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GloCyte® Low and High LevelControls— 2 Levels</td></tr></table>

# 5.7 Performance Data

# Accuracy

Accuracy was established according to CLSI EP09 Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline-Third Edition (2013). Method comparison studies were performed at clinical sites and in-house using clinical and contrived CSF specimens. Results were shown to meet acceptance criteria.

Table 5-3. Hemocytometer vs. GloCyte TNC and RBC counts   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CellType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Population</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConstantBias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProportionalBias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediatric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 7,672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.963(0.909, 1.000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037(0.000, 0.182)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0- 9,900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000(1.000, 1.003)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000(-0.003, 0.000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediatric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0817,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.910(0.885, 0.935)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000(-0.045, 0.058)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0901,250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000(0.986, 1.007)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000(0.000, 0.015)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>none</td></tr></table>

# Repeatability

A repeatability study was conducted at three clinical sites and in-house using clinical and manipulated CSF specimens as well as GloCyte® Low and High Level Controls. The results of the repeatability study met acceptance criteria.

# 510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls

Table 5-4. TNC and RBC Repeatability   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested [cells/μL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 10,313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 - 18.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-727,800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 - 16.3</td></tr></table>

# Precision/Reproducibility

A reproducibility study was conducted at three clinical sites. The study involved testing a set of GloCyte® Low and High Level Controls for both RBC and TNC parameters, performed by two operators. Testing was done twice daily using the same lot of controls, for twenty nonconsecutive days. The results of the precision study met acceptance criteria.

Table 5-5. TNC and RBC Reproducibility   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CellType</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean[cells/μL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Linearity was established according to CLSI EP6-A Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline (2003). The analytical method is linear when the observed values have a mathematically verified straight-line relationship with true concentrations of the analyte, i.e. they are directly proportional to each other.

Contrived RBC and TNC CSF samples, created by dilution of human blood cells into blank CSF, were used for linearity studies on three GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter Systems. Pooled data from the three GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter Systems demonstrate that there is a linear relationship between the measured GloCyte and the expected values for TNC and RBC counts in the ranges shown in table 5-6 below.

Table 5-6. Linearity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CellType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range[cells/μL]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-7,438</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 615,644</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls

Determination of limit of blank, limit of detection, limit of quantitation and reportable range

Limit of Blank (LoB),Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) were performed according to CLSI EP17-A2 Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline-Second Edition (2012). The LoQ, combined with the linear range was used to determine the reportable range. See table 5-7 below:

Table 5-7 Reportable Range   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range[cells/μL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 - 6,500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2  615,644</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

Interference testing was conducted to determine if endogenous and external substances might interfere with results. Table 5-8 lists potential interferents tested and the test results.

Table 5-8. Interference Results Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PotentialInterferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GloCyteAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration at whichNo Interference was observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConjugatedBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307.8 µmol/L (18.0 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>307.8 µmol/L (18.0 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>UnconjugatedBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323.2 µmol/L (18.9 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323.2 µmol/L (18.9 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HemolyticHemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1 g/dL1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NONE2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.0 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.0 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Haemophilusinfluenzae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10° CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Streptococcus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10°CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pneumoniae</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Neisserialactamica</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Escherichia coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary for Glocyte® Automated Cell Counter System and Glocyte® Low and High Level Controls   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Candida albicans</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Platelets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7 x 10³ Platelets/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7 x 103Platelets/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nonspecific FcRBinding(Monocytes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 x 10³ Monocytes/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC Fragments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Could Not be Quantified3.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleated RBCs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TNC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None4</td></tr></table>

1. Cellular debris in the hemolytic hemoglobin may cause interference for the GloCyte TNC Assay. 2. RBC fragments and cellular debris in hemolytic hemoglobin may cause interference for the GloCyte RBC Assay. 3. Quantitation of RBC fragment interference levels was not possible due to the enormous variety of RBC fragment sizes and RBC ghost cells present. RBC fragments, tested as part of the hemolytic hemoglobin, may cause interference for the RBC Assay. 4. Nucleated RBCs are counted by the GloCyte TNC Assay and are considered an interferent. Note nucleated RBCs are also counted by the GloCyte RBC Assay.

# Quality Control Stability

GloCyte® Low and High Level Controls closed vial (shelf life) stability study data support a preliminary stability claim of 7 months when stored at $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . This stability claim is based on the time point (Month 7) tested prior to the last time point that yielded test results within the acceptance criteria for all three (3) GloCyte® Low and High Level Control lots.

# 5.8 Conclusions

Data in this Premarket Notification for the GloCyte® Automated Cell Counter System meet the manufacturer’s specifications and support a finding of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.