Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. Ms. Carol Marble   
Regulatory Affairs Director   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K153137 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H); HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7695 Regulation Name: Platelet factor 4 radioimmunoassay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCO, GGN Dated: June 6, 2016 Received: June 8, 2016

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name  
HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H)  
HemosIL HIT- Ab(PF4-H) Controls

Indications for Use (Describe)

HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) is a qualitative, fully automated, latex enhanced immunoassay for the detection of anti-platelet factor 4/heparin (PF4/H) antibodies. The assay is for use in human $3 . 2 \%$ or $3 . 8 \%$ citrated plasma on the ACL TOP $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Family of instruments in a laboratory setting.

The result provided by the assay should be interpreted as either positive or negative based on the assay cut-off $\left( 1 . 0 \mathrm { U } / \right.$ mL). The positive or negative result aids in determining the risk for heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.

Anti-PF4/Heparin antibodies are commonly found in patients with HIT. For use in adult population suspected of HIT Not for use in isolation to exclude HIT.

HemoslL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls are for the Quality Control of the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay as performed on the ACL $\mathrm { T O P { ‰} }$ Family of instruments.

For prescription use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.180 Hartwell RoadBedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs DirectorPhone: 781-861-4467Fax:781-861-4207Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>June 28, 2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Device Trade Names</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Kit (with Calibrator)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Regulatory Information -Reagent Kit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7695</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelet Factor 4 Radioimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Regulatory Information -Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.5425</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma, Coagulation Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GGN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>K003767 (Asserachrom HPIA Test kit from Diagnostica Stago)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use Device Description</td><td>HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) is a qualitative, fully automated, latex enhanced immunoassay for the detection of anti-platelet factor 4/heparin (PF4/H) antibodies. The assay is for use in human 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasma on the ACL TOP Family of instruments in a laboratory setting. The result provided by the assay should be interpreted as either positive or negative based on the assay cut-off (1.0 U/mL). The positive or negative result aids in determining the risk for heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings. Anti-PF4/Heparin antibodies are commonly found in patients with HIT. For use in adult population suspected of HIT. Not for use in isolation to exclude HIT. HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Controls are for the Quality Control of the HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) assay as performed on the ACL TOP Family of instruments. For prescription use.</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent Kit with Calibrator</td><td>The HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) kit is a latex particle enhanced immuno- turbidimetric assay to detect total Anti-PF4/Heparin (PF4/H) antibodies found in HIT patients. A monoclonal antibody that mimics human HIT antibodies is coated onto latex particles. In the presence of PF4 from human platelets complexed to polyvinyl sulfonate (PvS), and the patient sample, a competitive agglutination reaction occurs. The degree of agglutination is inversely proportional to the concentration of antibodies in the sample and is determined by measuring the decrease of transmitted light caused by the aggregates. The HemosIL HIT- Ab(pF4-H) kit consists of: R Latex Reagent: Suspension of polystyrene latex particles coated with purified mouse monoclonal anti-PF4-Heparin in Tris buffer, containing bovine serum albumin, stabilizers and preservative. S Stabilizer: PBS buffer containing bovine serum albumin, stabilizers and preservative. Com Complex: Solution of PF4-PVS complex (PF4 from human platelets complexed to PVS), in PBS buffer containing bovine serum albumin, stabilizers and preservative. Contains 0.02% Bronidox™m as a preservative.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit(Kit Includes 2 Control Levels)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H)HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-PF4/Heparin Total Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance (Colorimetric)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance (Turbidimetric)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.7695</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ASSERACHROM® HPIA Test Kit isintended for use as a qualitativeprocedure for the detection of anti-heparin-platelet factor 4 (anti-Heparin-PF4) antibodies in citratedplasma or serum by the sandwichtechnique of enzyme-linkedimmunosorbent assay (ELISA).The presence in plasma or serum ofanti-Heparin-PF4 antibodies,together with a concurrent drop inplatelet count, is generallyassociated with Type II heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (Type IIHIT), a condition that occurs duringheparin therapy, leading to arterialor venous thrombosis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) is a qualitative,fully automated, latex enhancedimmunoassay for the detection of anti-platelet factor 4/heparin (PF4/H)antibodies. The assay is for use inhuman 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasmaon the ACL TOP® Family of instrumentsin a laboratory setting.The result provided by the assay shouldbe interpreted as either positive ornegative based on the assay cut-off(1.0 U/mL). The positive or negativeresult aids in determining the risk forheparin induced thrombocytopenia(HIT) when used in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.Anti-PF4/Heparin antibodies arecommonly found in patients with HIT.For use in adult population suspectedof HIT. Not for use in isolation toexclude HIT.HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Controls are forthe Quality Control of the HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H) assay as performed on the ACLTOP Family of instruments.For prescription use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-step enzyme immunoassay(ELISA) sandwich method with afinal colorimetric detection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Latex-enhanced immuno-turbidimetric assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated Human Plasma or Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated Human Plasma Only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Goat anti-human antibodies toIgG, IgA and IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified mouse monoclonalanti-PF4-Heparin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Variable clinical cut-offCut-off is lot and plate dependent.Every time a plate is processed, thecut-off for this plate is calculated asthe percentage (X%) of the valueobtained for the Reagent 6 suppliedwith the kit. This percentage isprovided for each lot through theinsert sheets.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed clinical cut-off: ≥ 1.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls included in test kit:Negative levelPositive level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls sold separately:Low Level at or below the cut-offHigh Level at abnormalanti-PF4/H antibody level.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Applicable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reported values for the kitcalibrator are determined overmultiple runs on the ACL TOP Familyof instruments using specific lots ofreagents and against an internalHouse Standard. Since a HITInternational Standard is notcurrently available, Arbitrary Units(U/ml) have been established.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Multi-Reagent Lot Precision

An internal precision study was performed using three (3) different lots of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) reagents run on a representative ACL TOP Family member (ACL TOP 700). The study used a single lot of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls (low and high), as well as five (5) patient pools prepared at different levels to span the assay range. Each material was tested with each reagent lot in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days, for a total of 80 replicates per level per lot as summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reagent Lot No. 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run (Repeatability)% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Within Device)% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(P4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(F4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reagent Lot No. 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run (Repeatability)% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Within Device)% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(F4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Reagent Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run (Repeatability)% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Within Device)% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(F4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Aggregated data (Reagent Lots 1, 2 and 3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot-to-Lot Variability%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(p4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(F4-H) Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr></table>

# Multi-Reagent Lot Site-to-Site Reproducibility

Reproducibility studies were conducted at three (3) external clinical sites by three (3) different operators (one operator per site), on three (3) different ACL TOP 500 CTS instruments (one instrument per site), using three (3) different lots of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) reagents and HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls (low and high). To span the assay range, three (3) patient pools (2 positive and 1 negative) and a manufactured material containing a citrated plasma sample spiked with monoclonal anti-PF4-Heparin antibody were also tested (Plasma Sample 4)

Each material was tested in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level.

The pooled data for each reagent lot are summarized below and on the next page:

<table><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">Pooled 3-Site Data: Reagent Lot 1 of HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean(U/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability(within-run)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Site</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High HIT-Ab(PF4-H)Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(U/mL)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">All Replicates &lt; 1.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">Pooled 3-Site Data: Reagent Lot 2 of HemosIL HIT-Ab(pF4-H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean(U/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability(within-run)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Site</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High HIT-Ab(PF4-H)Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean(U/mL)</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">All Replicates &lt; 1.0 U/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Pooled 3-Site Data: Reagent Lot 3 of HemosIL HIT-Ab(F4-H)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(F4-H)Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(F4-H)Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=6></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>All Replicates &lt; 1.0 U/mL</td></tr></table>

# Multi-Control Lot Precision

An internal precision study was performed using three (3) different lots of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls (low and high) run on a representative ACL TOP Family member (ACL TOP 700), with a single lot of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) reagents.

Each level of control material from each lot was tested in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days, for a total of 80 replicates per level per lot as summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run(Repeatability)% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Within Device)% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(pF4-H))Control Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control Lot No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(pF4-H) Control Lot No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

# Multi-Control Lot Reproducibility

Reproducibility studies were conducted at three external clinical sites using different operators, on three different ACL TOP 500 CTS instruments, using three different lots of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) reagents and HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Controls (low and high). Each material was tested in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level. The pooled 3-site data for a representative reagent lot is presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Pooled 3-Site Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(within-run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenSite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low HIT-Ab(pF4-H)Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High HIT-Ab(F4-H)Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr></table>

# Multi-Calibrator Lot Precision

An internal precision study was performed using three (3) different lots of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Calibrator (kit component from 3 different reagent lots) run on a representative ACL TOP Family member (ACL TOP 700), with a single lot of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) reagents (with a different kit Calibrator lot).

Each calibrator lot was tested in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days, for a total of 80 replicates per lot as summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run (Repeatability)% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Within Device)% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Calibrator Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Calibrator Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Calibrator Lot No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr></table>

# Unadulterated Patient Plasma Precision

An internal unadulterated (unmodified) patient plasma study was performed on a representative ACL TOP Family member (ACL TOP 700). The two (2) patient samples used in the study were collected at a hospital in the United States, with aliquots prepared and maintained at $\scriptscriptstyle - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until use.

Each sample aliquot was tested in duplicate, twice a day for 10 days, for a total of 40 replicates per patient plasma sample as summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run (Repeatability)% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total (Within Device)% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Plasma Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Plasma Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr></table>

# Instrument Model Equivalency

An instrument model equivalency study was performed using fifty-one (51) citrated plasma samples from individual clinical patients who were suspected of having HIT. Each clinical sample was analyzed in singlicate with a single lot of HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) reagents on representative ACL TOP Family members: ACL TOP 700, ACL TOP 500 CTS and ACL TOP 300 CTS.

NOTE: Samples were distributed along the measuring range.

The reported values of the clinical sample results on ACL TOP 700 were plotted on a X-Y graph comparing the results obtained on the ACL TOP 700 to the ACL TOP 500 CTS and the ACL TOP 300 CTS results as summarized below:

<table><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>Slope (95% CI)</td><td>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td>r (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP 700 vS. ACL TOP 500 CTS</td><td>0.97 (0.92 to 1.02)</td><td>0.14 (0.05 to 0.23)</td><td>0.9947 (0.9909 to 0.9969)</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP 700 vS. ACL TOP 300 CTS</td><td>1.03 (1.00 to 1.06)</td><td>-0.13 (-0.20 to -0.10)</td><td>0.9981 (0.9966 to 0.9989)</td></tr></table>

The Bland-Altman plot of the $9 5 \%$ limits of agreement between the ACL TOP Instruments supported that the instrument models provide statistically equivalent results.

# Linearity and Test Ranges

A linearity study was performed using two (2) lots of HemosIL HIT- ${ \mathsf { A b } } _ { ( { \mathsf { P F } } 4 - 1 1 ) }$ reagents, with each lot tested on three (3) representative ACL TOP Family members: ACL TOP 700, ACL TOP 500 CTS and ACL TOP 300 CTS.

Two (2) positive patient samples were spiked into donor plasma from a blood bank to prepare 10 concentrations ranging across the standard measurement range $( 0 . 6 { - } 5 . 7 \ \mathsf { U / m L } )$ . A third extremely high positive patient sample was used to prepare samples with concentrations ranging across the auto re-run linear range (2.1 to $1 6 . 0 \ \mathrm { U / m L } )$ .

The results support the following linearity claims:

# Linearity Range:

Auto Rerun off ACL TOP Family $0 . 6 - 5 . 7 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$

Auto Rerun on $2 . 1 - 1 6 . 0 \ : \mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m L }$

# Test Range:

Auto Rerun off ACL TOP Family $0 - 5 . 7 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$

Auto Rerun on $0 - 1 6 . 0 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$

# Result Interpretation

HIT-Ab(PF4-H) results are reported in $\mathsf { U } / \mathsf { m } \mathsf { L }$ (HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Arbitrary Units) on the ACL TOP Family instruments as follows:

<table><tr><td>System</td><td>Results</td><td>Interpretation</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP Family</td><td>≥ 1.0 U/mL</td><td>HIT Antibody positive</td></tr></table>

$< 1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ HIT Antibody negative

IMPORTANT: The laboratory should report only the interpreted result (HIT Antibody positive or negative) to the clinician as the final reported result.

The positive or negative result should be used with other information, including the clinical context, in forming a diagnosis such as the 4T score and the 2013 American Society of Hematology guidelines.

Although a positive result obtained using this assay may indicate the presence of heparin-associated antibodies, a positive result DOES NOT CONFIRM the diagnosis of HIT. Some patients may have naturally occurring antibodies to PF4.

# Interferences / Limitations

# Interferences

Testing confirmed no interference for the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay on the ACL TOP Family up to the following concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RheumatoidFactor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Heparin Sensitivity

One hundred twenty-six (126) citrated plasma samples from non-HIT suspected, heparin treated patients (either UFH or LMWH) were tested with the HemosIL ${ \mathsf { I I T } } { \mathsf { - A b } } _ { ( { \mathsf { P F } } 4 - { \mathsf { H } } ) }$ assay. For LMWH, 115 samples with a heparin concentration range between $0 { - } 2 . 4 7 \ | \mathrm { U / m L }$ . For UFH, 11 samples with a heparin concentration range between $0 . 0 4 { - } 1 . 0 8 \mid \mathrm { U } / \mathrm { m L } .$ .

There was no dose-response correlation between the HIT results and heparin (UFH and LMWH) concentrations.

# Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS)

Forty (40) citrated plasma samples from patients who were diagnosed with Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) were tested with the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay. All 40 samples reported negative with HemosIL H $\mathsf { I T } - \mathsf { A b } _ { ( \mathsf { P F } 4 - \mathsf { H } ) }$ , demonstrating that the assay is not affected by antiphospholipid antibodies.

# Reference Interval – Healthy Donors

A population of one hundred thirty-one (131) citrated plasma samples from apparently healthy individuals was tested with the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay.

The upper limit of the reference interval was established as $0 . 7 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ $90 \%$ CI: 0.60-0.71 U/mL).

# Reference Interval – Heparin Exposed, HIT Suspected Patients (HIT Negative)

A population of one hundred twenty-two (122) citrated plasma samples from HIT-suspected, but negative by a commercially available ELISA was tested with the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay.

The upper limit of the reference interval was established as $0 . 9 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ $90 \%$ CI: 0.80-1.03 U/mL).

# Cut-Off Determination

Sixty three (63) citrated plasma samples were obtained from hospitalized patients who had been exposed to heparin, and who displayed clinical signs consistent with Heparin Induced Thrombocytopenia (HIT). These patients were tested by the hospital with the Serotonin Release Assay (SRA) and the sample results (31 SRA positive and 32 SRA negative) were used to perform a Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) analysis to determine the clinical cut-off for HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H).

The optimal cut-off as determined by ROC analysis was $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ ( $9 5 . 2 \%$ Agreement; $\mathsf { C l \% } = 8 6 . 7 \% - 9 9 . 0 \% )$

# Method Comparison Definitions and Formulas

See below $2 \times 2$ contingency table with definitions and formulas.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td></tr></table>

TP True Positives TN True Negatives FP False Positives FN False Negatives

PPA NPA Positive Percent AgreementNegative Percent Agreement $P P A ~ = { \frac { T P } { T P + F N } } \qquad N P A ~ = { \frac { T N } { T N + F P } }$

PV Negative Predictive Value $P P V = \frac { T P } { T P + F P } N P V = \frac { T N } { T N + F N }$ V Positive Predictive Value

TPA Total Percent Agreement $T P A = \frac { T P + T N } { T P + T N + F P + F N }$

# Method Comparison (Internal)

An internal method comparison study was performed to compare the performance of the new HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay versus its predicate, the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (K003767), on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family (ACL TOP 700 model).

A total of 118 frozen citrated patient plasma samples from patients referred for HIT testing were obtained from a hospital in the US and a hospital in France. Samples were analyzed in singlicate, with no spiked samples used in this study.

The results summarized below are based on a cut-off of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { U / m L }$ for the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay and the lot- and plate-dependent cut-off for the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HPIA ELISA results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H)results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(F4-H) vs Asserachrom HPIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (Positive Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84% (68/81)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (Negative Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78% (29/37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82% (97/118)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td></tr></table>

# Multicenter Method Comparison

A multicenter method comparison study was conducted at three (3) hospitals on 632 patient samples, comparing the performance of the new HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay with the predicate device, the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (K003767) and with the reference device, Serotonin Release Assay (SRA). The samples were from patients exposed to heparin who showed HIT related symptoms. Samples were analyzed in singlicate, with no spiked samples used in this study.

# HemosIL HIT- $\Delta \models _ { ( P F 4 - H ) }$ Assay vs. Predicate Device (Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit)

The pooled results below are based on a cut-off of $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { U / m L }$ for the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay and the lotand plate-dependent cut-off for the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HPIA ELISA results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H)results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>504</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>526</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>543</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>632</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) vS Asserachrom HPIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (Positive Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75% (67/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (Negative Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93% (504/543)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% (571/632)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92%</td></tr></table>

# HemosIL HIT- $\Delta \models _ { ( P F 4 - H ) }$ Assay vs. SRA and Predicate vs. SRA

Patient samples in the multicenter study without a valid SRA result or with an indeterminate result (total ${ \mathsf { N } } { = } 9 5$ ) were removed from calculations, bringing the final total to $N = 5 3 7$ .

The pooled results summarized below compare both HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay results (cut-off of 1.0 $\mu / \mathrm { m L } )$ to the SRA test results and the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (lot- and plate-dependent cut-off) to the SRA test results.

• HemosIL HIT- $\pmb { \Delta } \mathbf { b } _ { ( \mathsf { P F 4 - H } ) }$ Assay vs. SRA:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SRA Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H)results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>537</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) vS SRA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV (Positive Predictive Value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37% (33/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV (Negative Predictive Value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87% (389/448)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr></table>

# Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (Predicate) vs. SRA:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SRA Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HPIA ELISA results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>469</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>537</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Asserachrom HPIA vs SRA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV (Positive Predictive Value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46% (31/68)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV (Negative Predictive Value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87% (408/469)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The diagnostic performance of the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay was equivalent to the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (predicate) when compared to SRA test results.

# HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) Assay vs. 2013 American Society of Hematology (ASH) Guidelines

The results summarized below are based on the 2013 ASH guideline for determining clinical probability. The ASH diagnostic algorithm classifies samples as HIT Likely or HIT Unlikely based on a clinical probability score (i.e. patient 4T score), the Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (as the ELISA result) and the SRA results (as the functional assay). In this retrospective study using the multicenter data, the results of the ASH diagnostic algorithm were compared with the data obtained with HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H).

NOTE: The performance results are not based on a confirmed diagnosis of HIT.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Clinical ProbabilityAccording to 2013 ASH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIT Likely</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HIT Unlikely</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H)results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>518</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>537</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Probability according to ASH 2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (Positive Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89% (17/19)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (Negative Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86% (446/518)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Probability according to ASH 2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPV (Positive Predictive Value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19% (17/89)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV (Negative Predictive Value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (446/448)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the HemosIL HIT-Ab(PF4-H) assay and HemosIL $H _ { ( \mathsf { T } - \mathsf { A b } _ { ( \mathsf { P F } 4 - \mathsf { H } ) } }$ Controls are substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Asserachrom HPIA Test Kit (FDA cleared under K003767), and that the assay is safe and effective for its labeled intended use when compared to the SRA reference method.