INSTRUMENTATION LABORATORY CO.CAROL MARBLE  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS DIRECTOR  
180 HARTWELL ROAD  
BEDFORD MA 01730

Re: K160415 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Hematocrit, Total Hemoglobin, Carboxyhemoglobin, Methemoglobin, Deoxyhemoglobin, Oxyhemoglobin, Oxygen Saturation) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5600 Regulation Name: Automated hematocrit instrument Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKF, GHS, GKR, GLY Dated: 12/7/2016 Received: 12/8/2016

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K160415

Device Name   
GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Hematocrit, Total Hemoglobin, Carboxyhemoglobin, Methemoglobin, Deoxyhemoglobin,   
Oxyhemoglobin, Oxygen Saturation)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Hematocrit and Total Hemoglobin from venous and arterial heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2 from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient’s oxygen delivery capacity.

• Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells).

• Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

• COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determine different conditions of methemoglobinemia.

• HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygenation status.

• O2Hb: Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygenation status.

• sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygenation status.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Contact Person</td><td>Phone: 781-861-4467</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>December 8, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>GEM Premier 5000 (Measured Parameters: Hematocrit, Total Hemoglobin, Carboxyhemoglobin, Methemoglobin, Deoxyhemoglobin,</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>GEM Premier 4000</td><td>K133407</td></tr></table>

Page 1 of 27   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hematocrit instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKF</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CO-Oximetry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carboxyhemoglobin assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GHS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated hemoglobin system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood hemoglobin assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLY</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">venous and arterial heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of OHb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood. *sO2 = Ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus deoxyhemoglobin.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Key Components Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Employs a unique color touch screen and a simple set of menus and Analyzer buttons for user interaction. The analyzer guides operators through the sampling process with simple, clear messages and prompts.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Houses all required components necessary to operate the instrument once the cartridge is validated. These components include the sensors, CO-Ox optical cell, Process Control (PC) Solutions, sampler, pump tubing, distribution valve and waste bag. The GEM PAK has flexible menus and test volume options to assist facilities in maximizing efficiency.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">NOTE: The EEPROM on the GEM PAK includes all solution values and controls the analyte menu and number of tests. Step 1: After inserting the GEM PAK, the instrument will perform an GEM Premier 5000 PAK (disposable, multi-use GEM PAK)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">automated PAK warm-up during which the sensors are hydrated and a variety of checks occur, all of which take about 40 minutes. During warm-up, the instrument requires no user intervention. Step 2: After GEM PAK warmup, Auto PAK Validation (APV) process is</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">automatically completed: two completely independent solutions (PC Solution D and E) that are traceable to NIST standards, CLSI procedures or internal standards, containing two levels of concentration for each analyte, are run by the analyzer to validate the integrity of the PC Solutions and the overall performance of the analytical system. Step 3: After successful performance of APV, iQM2 manages the</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">quality control process, replacing external quality controls. iQM2 is an active quality process control program designed to provide continuous monitoring of the analytical process before, during and after sample measurement with real-time, automatic error detection, automatic correction of the system and automatic documentation of all Intelligent Quality Management 2 corrective actions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>GEM Premier 5000</td><td>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in a central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of Hematocrit and Total Hemoglobin from venous and arterial heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitative measurements of O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2 from venous, arterial and capillary heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient's oxygen delivery capacity. Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed red cell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal from abnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase in the number of red cells). Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia. COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning. MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determine different conditions of methemoglobinemia. HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygenation status. OHb: Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used in combination with deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygenation status. sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the</td></tr></table>

# Special Conditions for Use Statement

For prescription use only. • For clinical laboratory and point-of-care use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Substantial Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>T</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K133407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K160415</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 4000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samplesat the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and in acentral laboratory. The instrument provides quantitativemeasurements of pH, pCO2, pO2, sodium, potassium, chloride,ionized calcium, glucose, lactate, hematocrit, total bilirubin andCO-Oximetry (tHb, O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb) parameters. Totalbilirubin can also be quantitated from heparinized plasmasamples when analyzed in the tBili/Co-Ox mode. Theseparameters, along with derived parameters, aid in the diagnosisof a patient&#x27;s acid/base status, electrolyte and metabolite balanceand oxygen delivery capacity. Total bilirubin measurements areused in the diagnosis and management of biliary tractobstructions, liver disease and various hemolytic diseases anddisorders involving the metabolism of bilirubin. In neonates, thelevel of total bilirubin is used to aid in assessing the risk ofkernicterus.NOTE: The GEM Premier 4000 also reports sO results as a ratioresult.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GEM Premier 5000 is a portable critical care system for use byhealth care professionals to rapidly analyze heparinized whole bloodsamples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting and ina central laboratory. The instrument provides quantitativemeasurements of Hematocrit and Total Hemoglobin from venous andarterial heparinized whole blood, as well as quantitativemeasurements of O2Hb, COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO2 from venous, arterialand capillary heparinized whole blood. These parameters, along withderived parameters, aid in the diagnosis of a patient&#x27;s oxygen deliverycapacity.•  Hematocrit (Hct) measurements in whole blood of the packed redcell volume of a blood sample are used to distinguish normal fromabnormal states, such as anemia and erythrocytosis (an increase inthe number of red cells).Total Hemoglobin (tHb): Total hemoglobin measurements are usedto measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detectionof anemia.COHb: Carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determinethe carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in thediagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.MetHb: Methemoglobin measurements are used to determinedifferent conditions of methemoglobinemia.HHb: Deoxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used incombination with oxyhemoglobin to measure oxygenation status.OHb: Oxyhemoglobin, as a fraction of total hemoglobin, is used incombination with deoxyhemoglobin to measure oxygenation status.sO2: Oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between theconcentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plusdeoxyhemoglobin, is used to measure oxygenation status.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalency (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160415</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Central Laboratory and Point-of-Care</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Type</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Heparinized Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hct, tHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial or venousheparinized wholeblood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OHb, COHb,MetHb, HHb,sO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Arterial, venous orcapillary heparinizedwhole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin Measurement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometry: tHb, O2Hb,COHb, MetHb, HHb, sO</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Measurement</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Conductivity</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Aspiration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Shelf-Life Stability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Up to 180 days</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PAK Storage Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15-25°</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Operating Temperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">12-32°</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System Software</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Linux-based</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">2-point calibration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">QC Material</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 1 and 2</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 3 and 4</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PC Solution D and E (PAK Internal)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CVP 5 tBili</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Same; No Formulation Change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K133407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K160415</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Dimensions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 Instrument:Height: 18 inches• Width: 12 inches• Depth: 15 inches• Weight: 44 pounds</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000 Instrument:• Height: 18.6 inches• Width: 13.0 inches•  Depth: 16.4 inches• Weight: 45.4 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge (PAK) Dimensions</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000 Cartridge (PAK):•  Height: 6.75 inches• Width: 10 inches• Depth: 8 inches•  Weight: 8 pounds</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000 Cartridge (PAK):•  Height: 6.75 inches• Width: 10 inches• Depth: 8 inches•  Weight: 8.1 pounds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Reportable Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 4000</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">GEM Premier 5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15 to 72%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">15 to 72%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.0 to 23.0 g/dL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.0 to 23.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O2Hb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0 to 98.0%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.7 to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0 to 99.0%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.3 to 75.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0 to 28.0%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.7 to 30.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HHb</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0 to 96.0%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">1.0 to 100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sO2</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.0 to 100.0%</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">0.7 to 100.0%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Internal Precision Study – Aqueous Controls

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal 20-day precision study was performed on the GEM Premier 5000, with GEM System Evaluator and GEM Hematocrit. Each of the control levels was run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level $\scriptstyle ( 1 7 = 1 2 0$ ). All results were within specification.

Page 7 of 27   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinAnalyzer%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=18 colspan=1>GEMSystemEvaluator</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MetHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>GEMHematocritEvaluator</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – GEM PAK (Cartridge) Process Control Solutions D and E

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal 20-day precision study was performed with the GEM PAK (cartridge) Process Control Solutions (PCS) D and E run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers for twenty (20) days, with two (2) runs per day and one (1) replicate measured per run per level ( $\scriptstyle 1 = 1 2 0$ per analyte/per level). All results were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within AnalyzerSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Analyzer%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS D</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCS E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, an internal precision study was performed using four (4) or five (5) different concentrations of whole blood per analyte, each run on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 analyzers per sample mode for five (5) days, with one (1) run per day and eight (8) replicates measured per run per level $\mathtt { N } = 1 2 0$ per analyte/per sample mode). All results were within specification.

Sample Modes and Volumes:

Normal Mode 150 µL C tBili/CO-Ox Mode 100 µL

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for Hct and tHb on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr></table>

Performance Summary (Cont.) Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tBili/Co-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tBili/Co-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>MetHb(%)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Internal Precision Study – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRunSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WithinRun%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>tBili/Co-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls – Point-of-Care (POC) Setting

In accordance with CLSI EP05-A3, a reproducibility study was performed at three (3) external clinical point-of-care (POC) sites. The studies were run by a total of nine (9) different operators on three (3) different GEM Premier 5000 instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAKs (cartridges). Each site used the same lots of GEM System Evaluator (GSE) and GEM Hematocrit Evaluator (GHE), running each control level in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level $\scriptstyle 1 = 9 0$ pooled). All results at all sites were within specification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material/Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InsertRange</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD/CVSpec</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GHE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19-23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GHE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38-44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GHE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5-21.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8-15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0-8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3-40.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.6-76.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.0-96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Study with Aqueous Controls – Point-of-Care (POC) Setting (Cont.)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=17>Pooled Multi-Site POC Data (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material/Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InsertRange</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD/CVSpec</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.7-32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5-17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MetHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8-11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2-6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=15>Not Applicable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2-23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7-7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0-4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GSE 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood

To evaluate whole blood precision on the GEM Premier 5000 system in the central laboratory and point-ofcare (POC) settings, whole blood patient samples were tested at 2 external central laboratories and 1 internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), as well as at 3 external POC locations. For the central laboratory setting, the studies were performed by 3 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge). For the POC setting, the studies were performed by 11 operators on 3 GEM Premier 5000 instruments, using a single lot of GEM Premier 5000 PAK (cartridge). At least two whole blood specimens were analyzed in triplicate daily for 5 days in both normal mode $( 1 5 0 \mu \mathsf { L } )$ for all analytes, micro mode $( 6 5 ~ \mu \mathsf { L } )$ for Hct, and tBili/CO-Ox mode $( 1 0 0 ~ \mu \mathsf { L } )$ mode for the CO-Ox fractions. At the internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL), contrived whole blood specimens were analyzed in addition to native specimens in order to cover the low and high medical decision levels of each analyte.

The precision results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>MetHb(%)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# External Precision – Whole Blood (Cont.)

Page 17 of 27   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Sample SD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AIl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=16 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>NormalMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>tBili/CO-OxMode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC-AIl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CSL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab-All</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# LoB, LoD and LoQ

In accordance with CLSI EP17-A2, LoB, LoD and LoQ were established using three (3) lots of GEM Premier 5000 PAKs (cartridges).

Following are the combined data results for LoB, LoD and LoQ:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Hemoglobin (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

In accordance with CLSI EP06-A, eight (8) or nine (9) levels per analyte were prepared by spiking or diluting whole blood to challenge the claimed reportable range for each parameter. Each blood level was analyzed in triplicate on three (3) GEM Premier 5000 test analyzers and results compared to reference analyzers or standard reference procedures (i.e. CNMetHb procedure - CLSI H15-A3 for tHb).

NOTE: Combined data from limit of quantitation (LOQ) and linearity studies were used to support lower limit of the claimed reportable range.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N perLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.904</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 to 82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 to 27.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 to 23.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.918</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 99.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 to 100.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COHb(%)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.532</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4 to 98.5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.3 to 75.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08 to 10.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MetHb(%)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3 to 38.9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.7 to 30.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.149</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01 to 99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 100.0</td></tr></table>

\*Additional results at the low-end against the predicate device.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity

In accordance with EP07-A2, an interference study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000.

The table below lists substances that were screen tested with no observed interference on hematocrit and CO-Oximetry results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested analytes with no observed interference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biliverdin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evans Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fetal Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indocyanine Green</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Leukocytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.43 x 10³/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylene Blue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>785.0 x 10³/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfhemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb/Hb fractions and sO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidity (Intralipid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% or 2006mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit, tHb/Hb fractions and sO</td></tr></table>

The table below lists substances that demonstrated interference with hematocrit results causing a clinically significant error (TEa) and the concentration of the interfering substance, as well as the bias and its direction (positive / negative):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.00 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.92 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.00 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.90 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+4%</td></tr></table>

Note: For Hematocrit, all biases are expressed in absolute $\%$ (i.e. measured units, not $\% C \backslash I \}$ .

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Analytical Specificity (Cont.)

The table below lists substances that demonstrated interference with CO-Oximetry results causing a clinically significant error (TEa) and the concentration of the interfering substance, as well as the bias and its direction (positive / negative):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cyanocobalamin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tHbO2HbCOHbMetHbHHbsO2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10.2 g/dL84.8%9.6%5.0%&lt;1.0%99.3%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.53 g/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.7 g/dL-4.1%-2.0%-2.0%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.45 g/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt;|0.7| g/dL-3.0%&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|3.0|%&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHbO2HbCOHbMetHbHHbs02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0 g/dL97.2%1.5%&lt;0.7%&lt;1.0%99.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 g/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Cyano-methemoglobin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tHbO2Hb</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>10.2 g/dL97.3%1.3%0.7%&lt;1.0%99.3%</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>4.0%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|0.7| g/dL</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>&lt;|0.7| g/dL&lt;|3.0|%&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|2.0|%+3.0%&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COHbMetHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|2.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHbsO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+3.5%-3.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHbO2HbCOHbMetHbHHbsO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.1 g/dL97.5%1.8%&lt;0.7%&lt;1.0%99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>No Interference Observed</td></tr></table>

\*Results are flagged by iQM2 at the concentrations noted. Note: For CO-Oximetry fractions, all biases are expressed in absolute $\%$ (i.e. measured units, not $\% C \lor$ ).

# Analytical Specificity (Cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AffectedAnalyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BiasObserved(Mean)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestInterferingConcentrationwith AnalyteImpact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias Observedat the LowestConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>Hydroxocobalamin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>tHbO2HbCOHbMetHb</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>9.5 g/dL84.8%10.0%4.5%&lt;1.0%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.50 g/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.7 g/dL-5.2%</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>0.34 g/L</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>&lt;|0.7| g/dL&lt;|3.0|%-2.0%&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|2.0|%+2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>HHbsO2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+3.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.8 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.7 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COHb</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.5%&lt;0.7%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.00 g/L*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|2.0|%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.83 g/L</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt;|2.0|%&lt;|2.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetHb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%&lt;|3.0|%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;|3.0|%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\*Results are flagged by iQM2 at the concentrations noted Note: For CO-Oximetry fractions, all biases are expressed in absolute $\%$ (i.e. measured units, not $\% C V$ )

# Internal Method Comparison

In accordance with EP09-A3, an internal method comparison study was conducted using clinical samples to compare the GEM Premier 5000 to the GEM Premier 4000.

Samples were altered as needed to cover the medical decision levels. All parameter levels passed specification for all sample modes.

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for Hct and tHb on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedicalDecision Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at MedicalDecision Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-0.651</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1.040</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>-0.144</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>374</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>-0.349</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MetHb(%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.200</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.783</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td></tr></table>

# Whole Blood Performance at Medical Decision Levels

The data from the internal method comparison and precision studies were combined to assess the performance at medical decision levels.

Total Error was computed based on the following equation and the results were compared to the GEM Premier 5000 Total Error Specifications:

Note: Previously shown bias and precision data were used in Total Error computations below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedicalDecisionLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absolute Value ofBias at MedicalDecision Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*(SD or %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Error ObservedBias + 2*(SD or %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hct(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tHb(g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MetHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reference Ranges

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-50 (male) and 37-47 (female)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>tHb1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6 -17.4 (male) and 11.7 -16.1 (female)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126-174 (male) and 117-161 (female)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8 -10.8 (male) and 7.3 -10.0 (female)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb^{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0 to 95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COHb3-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;3.0 (nonsmoker)&lt;10.0 (smokers)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetHb6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 to 1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO^}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94 to 98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%</td></tr></table>

1. Wu, A., Tietz Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests, W.B. Saunders Co., St. Louis MO, 4th Edition, 2006: 951-982.

2. Haymond, S., Oxygen Saturation, A guide to laboratory assessment, Clinical Laboratory News, February 2006: 10-12.

3. Hampson, NB, et al. Practice Recommendations in the Diagnosis, Management and Prevention of Carbon Monoxide Poisoning, Am J Respir Crit Care Med, 2012:186:1095-1101

4. Piantadosi, C.A, Carbon Monoxide Poisoning, New England Journal of Medicine (2002), 347 (14): 1054-1055

5. Radford, EP, Blood Carbon Monoxide Levels in Person 3-74 Years of Age: United States, 1976-1980. National Center for Health Statistics, 1982.

6. Burtis, Carl and David Bruns, Tietz Textbook of Clinical Chemistry and Molecular Diagnostics, Elsevier Saunders, 7th edition, 2015: 952-982

7. American Environmental Laboratory: The Laboratory Assessment of Oxygenation: Robert F. Morgan 1993, 5(4), p. 147-153

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing

In accordance with EP09-A3, a method comparison study was conducted on the GEM Premier 5000 compared to the predicate device, the GEM Premier 4000, in the point-of-care (POC) setting using heparinized whole blood patient samples from the intended use population.

Study Design:

• Three (3) external point-of-care (POC) sites One (1) internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) at IL, where three (3) intended POC users were brought on site to run the samples, allowing spiking to cover the reportable ranges.

The pooled results from the POC sites and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) for the Normal Mode (with samples collected in syringes) are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data - Normal Mode (with Syringe Samples)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hct (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>490</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 to 22.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.338</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2 to 99.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 73.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 to 29.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>258</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 98.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3 to 100.0</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Testing (Cont.)

To support capillary claims, finger-stick samples were collected at an external POC site $N = 5 2$ native samples) and the IL internal Customer Simulation Laboratory (CSL) $N { = } 1 0 0$ native samples) with POC operators. The observed total error at the medical decision levels is shown below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for Hct and tHb on the GEM Premier 5000.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Native Capillary Samples Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RangeMax</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Bias at MDL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48 to 1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>COHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.49 to -0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>73.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MetHb (%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.07 to -0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.06 to 2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>± 3.0</td></tr></table>

\* There were an insufficient number of native samples to cover these MDLs.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Clinical Testing (Cont.)

In addition, the data from the native capillary samples (finger-stick samples) previously presented were pooled with contrived capillary samples prepared internally. The regression analysis is shown below:

NOTE: Capillary not claimed for Hct and tHb on the GEM Premier 5000.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Pooled Point-of-Care Site and CSL Data with Additional Contrived Capillary Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O2Hb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.802</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.7 to 98.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 to 73.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 to 29.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HHb (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3 to 98.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.930</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9 to 100.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion in performance to the predicate device.</td><td>The technological and functional characteristics of the new GEM Premier 5000 as described above are substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device (GEM Premier 4000) for hematocrit and CO-Oximetry. The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the GEM Premier 5000 is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent</td></tr></table>