Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Ms. Carol Marble   
Regulatory Affairs Director   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K160885 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL D-Dimer HS Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7320 Regulation Name: Fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DAP Dated: September 28, 2016 Received: September 29, 2016

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K160885

Device NameHemosIL D-Dimer HS

Indications for Use (Describe)   
HemosIL D-Dimer HS is an automated latex enhanced immunoassay for the quantitative determination of D-Dimer in human citrated plasma on the ACL TOP for use in conjunction with a clinical pretest probability (PTP) assessment model to exclude venous thromboembolism (VTE) in outpatients suspected of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE).

For in vitro diagnostic use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CER 807.92 and the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990.

<table><tr><td>Submission Type</td><td>Special 510(k)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.</td></tr><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Contact Person</td><td>Phone: 781-861-4467</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>September 28, 2016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>HemosIL D-Dimer HS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Regulatory Information</td><td>Classification:</td><td>Class II</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation No.:</td><td>21 CFR 864.7320</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name:</td><td>Fibrinogen and Fibrin split products,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Antigen, Antiserum, Control</td></tr><tr><td>Panel: Product Code:</td><td>Hematology (81) DAP</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>HemosIL D-Dimer HS</td><td>510(k) No.: K151534</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td><td>The D-Dimer HS Latex Reagent is a suspension of polystyrene latex particles of uniform size coated with the F(ab')2 fragment of a monoclonal antibody highly specific for the D-Dimer domain included in fibrin soluble derivatives. The use of the F(ab')2 fragment allows a more specific D-Dimer detection avoiding the interference of some endogenous factors like the Rheumatoid Factor. When a plasma containing D-Dimer is mixed with the Latex Reagent and the Reaction Buffer included in the D-Dimer HS kit, the coated latex particles agglutinate. The degree of agglutination is directly proportional to the concentration of D-Dimer in the sample and is determined by measuring the decrease of the transmitted light caused by the aggregates (turbidimetric immunoassay).</td></tr><tr><td>Device Indications for Use of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). For in vitro diagnostic use.</td><td>HemoslL D-Dimer HS is an automated latex enhanced immunoassay for the quantitative determination of D-Dimer in human citrated plasma on the ACL TOP for use in conjunction with a clinical pretest probability (PTP) assessment model to exclude venous thromboembolism (VTE) in outpatients suspected</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Description of the Modification</td><td colspan="2">The Limit of Detection (LoD) claim in the HemosIL D-Dimer HS insert sheet is being updated as follows based on additional testing done to current CLSI EP17-A2 requirements.</td></tr><tr><td>Current LoD Claim: 21 ng/mL</td><td>Updated LoD Claim: 137 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Reason Submission Qualifies as Special 510(k)</td><td>The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following: No change in indications for use or intended use No change in operating principle No change to labeled performance claims, except for the LoD claim based on an additional study No change to stability claims or to storage instructions No change to reagent preparation No change to specimen collection and preparation No change to formulation or materials</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Design Control Activities</td><td>The verification testing to establish the updated Limit of Detection (LoD) claim for the HemosIL D-Dimer HS assay was conducted under design control and in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2. Per the Risk Management Report, the proposed change to the LoD claim does not introduce any additional risk and has no impact on the safety or effectiveness of the currently marketed device.</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (K151534)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL D-Dimer HS is an automated latexenhanced immunoassay for the quantitativedetermination of D-Dimer in human citratedplasma on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOPFamily 50 Series for use, in conjunction with aclinical pretest probability (PTP) assessmentmodel to exclude venous thromboembolism(VTE) in outpatients suspected of deepvenous thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonaryembolism (PE).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex-enhanced immuoturbidimetric assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClaimedAnalyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP Family:• ACL TOP 300 CTSACL TOP 500 CTS• ACL TOP 700• ACL TOP 700 CTSACL TOP 700 LASACL TOP Family 50 Series:• ACL TOP 350 CTS• ACL TOP 550 CTS•  ACL TOP 750ACL TOP 750 CTS•  ACL TOP 750 LAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 - 69000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>HemoslL D-Dimer HS and the currently marketed assay share the same Intended Use/Indications for Use, same principles of operation, same formulation and comparable performance characteristics, except for the updated Limit of Detection (LoD) claim. Therefore, HemosIL D-Dimer HS with an updated LoD claim is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device FDA cleared under K151534.</td></tr></table>