Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Ms. Heather L. Harvey Regulatory Affairs Specialist I 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730

Re: K160445 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL Silica Clotting Time Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7925 Regulation Name: Partial thromboplastin time tests Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GFO Dated: February 16, 2016 Received: February 18, 2016

Dear Ms. Harvey:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 – Ms. Heather L. Harvey

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K160445

Device NameHemosIL Silica Clotting Time

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) under the FDA guidance “The New 510(k) Paradigm - Alternate Approaches to Demonstrating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications”(March 20, 1998).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.180 Hartwell RoadBedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heather L Harvey, Regulatory Affairs Specialist IPhone: 781-861-4549Fax:  781-861-4207Email: hharvey@ilww.com</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>March 8, 2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Silica Clotting Time</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:     Class IIRegulation No.:21 CFR 864.7925Common Name:Activated Partial ThromboplastinPanel:              Hematology (81)Product Code:    GFO</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Silica Clotting Time   510(k) No.: K050221</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Indications for Use /Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Silica Clotting Time is intended for the detection of LupusAnticoagulants in human citrated plasma on the IL CoagulationSystems by the use of screening (SCT Screen) and confirmatory (SCTConfirm) reagents sensitized to phospholipid dependent antibodies.For in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The HemolL SCT assay, consisting of SCT Screen and SCT Confirm, isintended to simplify and standardize the detection of LupusAnticoagulants (LA) in clinical evaluations. SCT Screen is poor inphospholipid making it sensitive to LA. The additional amount ofphospholipid in SCT Confirm neutralizes LA to give shorter clottingtimes.Silica Clotting Time in the presence of calcium, directly activates theintrinsic pathway of coagulation. SCT Screen and SCT Confirm aretherefore unaffected by factor Vil deficiencies or inhibitors.</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate:

The HemosIL Silica Clotting Time insert sheet is being updated to remove the current Heparin interference references in the Summary and Principle section and the Limitations/ Interfering Substances section based on current guidance H60-A Laboratory Testing for the Lupus Anticoagulant; Approved Guideline (April 2014), with the associated references added to the Bibliography section. There is no change to the assay itself.

The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following:

• No change in indications for use or intended use   
• No change in operating principle   
• No change to stability claims or to storage instructions   
• No change to reagent preparation   
• No change to specimen collection and preparation   
• No change to formulation or materials   
• No change to data reduction software No change to test parameters   
• No change to calibration No change to quality controls

Following is a description of the similarities and differences between the currently marketed HemosIL Silica Clotting Time (K050221) and HemosIL Silica Clotting Time with the insert sheet modifications:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (K050221)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Silica Clotting Time is intendedfor the  detection   of  LupusAnticoagulants in human citratedplasma on the IL Coagulation Systems bythe use of screening (SCT Screen) andconfirmatory (SCT Confirm) reagentssensitized to phospholipid dependentantibodies.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clotting Time in the presence of reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP® FamilyACL Futura/ACL AdvanceACL ELITE®/ELITE PRO 8/9/10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Plasma Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate (Cont.):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (K050221)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insert SheetSummary and PrincipleSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silica Clotting Time in thepresence of calcium, directlyactivates the intrinsic pathway ofcoagulation. SCT Screen and SCTConfirm are therefore unaffectedby factor VII deficiencies orinhibitors. Heparin interferenceup to 0.4 U/mL is neutralized bypolybrene. Using a ratio ofscreen and confirm allows theSCT to be insensitive to warfarintreated samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silica Clotting Time in the presenceof calcium, directly activates theintrinsic pathway of coagulation.SCT Screen and SCT Confirm aretherefore unaffected by factor VIIdeficiencies or inhibitors. Using aratio of screen and confirm allowsthe SCT to be insensitive towarfarin treated samples. Per CLSIGuideline H-60, patient samplescontaining heparin may exhibitfalsely prolonged clotting timeswhich could lead to incorrectresults.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insert SheetLimitations/ InterferingSubstances Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCT Screen/SCT Confirm resultson the ACL Futura/ACL Advanceand ACL ELITE/ELITE PRO8/9/10000 are not affected bybilirubin up to 30 mg/dL,triglycerides up to 500 mg/dLand Heparin up to 0.4 U/mL. Donot use hemolyzed samples.SCT Screen/SCT Confirm resultson the ACL TOP Family are notaffected by bilirubin up to 30mg/dL, triglycerides up to 850mg/dL, UF Heparin up to 0.5U/mL and LMW Heparin up to1.0 U/mL. Do not use hemolyzedsamples.LA assays based on differentproperties appear to be more orless sensitive to certainsubgroups of LAs. Therefore atleast two screening assays, basedon different properties, shouldbe performed before thepossibility of LA is excluded.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SCT Screen/SCT Confirm results onthe ACL Futura/ACL Advance andACL ELITE/ELITE PRO 8/9/10000 arenot affected by bilirubin up to 30mg/dL, triglycerides up to 500mg/dL. Do not use hemolyzedsamples.SCT Screen/SCT Confirm results onthe ACL TOP Family are notaffected by bilirubin up to 30mg/dL, and triglycerides up to 850mg/dL. Do not use hemolyzedsamples.Per CLSI Guideline H-60, patientsamples containing heparin mayexhibit falsely prolonged clottingtimes which could lead to incorrectresults. LA assays based ondifferent properties appear to bemore or less sensitive to certainsubgroups of LAs. Therefore atleast two screening assays, basedon different properties, should beperformed before the possibility ofLA is excluded.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

HemosIL Silica Clotting Time, with the modified Summary and Principle and Limitations/ Interfering Substances insert sections, is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device FDA cleared under K050221.