Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Mr. Nils Neumann   
Regulatory Manager, US Affairs   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
35041 Marburg, Germany

Re: K161312 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex CS-2100i Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA Dated: July 28, 2016 Received: August 1, 2016

Dear Mr. Neumann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kelly Oliner -S

For,   
Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP)   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K161312

Device NameSysmex CS-2100i

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Sysmex CS-2100i is a fully automated blood coagulation analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use using plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate tubes to analyze clotting, chromogenic and immunoassay methods in the clinical laboratory.

For determination of:

• Prothrombin Time (PT) seconds and PT INR with Dade $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Innovin $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$   
• Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (APTT) with Dade $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Actin $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ FSL   
• Fibrinogen (Fbg) with Dade $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Thrombin Reagent   
• Antithrombin (AT) with INNOVANCE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Antithrombin   
• D-dimer with INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ D-Dimer.   
The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ and follows the FDA guidance “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, issued July 28, 2014.

# 1. Submitter

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
35041 Marburg, Germany   
Contact Person: Nils Neumann   
Email: neumann.nils@siemens.com   
Phone: $^ +$ 49 6421 39 7133   
Facsimile: $^ +$ 49 6421 39 4977   
Date Prepared: August 26, 2016

# 2. Device

Name of Device: Common or Usual Name: Classification Name:

Sysmex CS-2100i   
Automated Coagulation Instrument   
Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies (21 CFR   
864.5425)   
2   
JPA   
Hematology

Regulatory Class: Product Code: 510(k) Review Panel:

# 3. Predicate Device

Name of Device: Common or Usual Name: Classification Name:

Sysmex CA®-1500 (K011235)   
Automated Coagulation Instrument   
Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies (21 CFR   
864.5425)   
2   
JPA   
Hematology

Regulatory Class: Product Code: 510(k) Review Panel:

The predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall for any of the applications associated with this Premarket Notification.

No reference devices were used in this submission.

# 4. Device Description / Test Principle

The Sysmex CS-2100i is an automated blood coagulation instrument which can analyze samples using clotting, chromogenic and immunoassay methods. Analysis results are displayed on the Information Processing Unit (IPU) screen. They can be printed on external printers or transmitted to a host computer. Sold separately from the instrument are the associated:

Reagents   
Controls   
Calibrators   
Consumable materials

The subject of this 510(k) notification is to expand the use of the INNOVANCE $\textcircled{8}$ D-Dimer for the exclusion of Deep Vein Thrombosis on Sysmex CS-2100i. All other established indications, performance and technology characteristics as cleared under K151259 remain unchanged.

# 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Sysmex CS-2100i is a fully automated blood coagulation analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use using plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate tubes to analyze clotting, chromogenic and immunoassay methods in the clinical laboratory.

For determination of:

Prothrombin Time (PT) seconds and PT INR with Dade $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Innovin® Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (APTT) with Dade $\textcircled{8}$ Actin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FSL Fibrinogen (Fbg) with Dade $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Thrombin Reagent Antithrombin (AT) with INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Antithrombin − D-dimer with INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ D-Dimer.

The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

# 6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

Both the subject and predicate instruments employ the same technological characteristics in that they automatically analyze various clotting tests using reagents, calibrators and controls previously cleared for automated coagulation analyzers. The reagents perform at least equally well on both the subject and predicate instruments. At a high level, the devices have the following same technological elements:

# Device Comparison Table

Similarities to the Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities between Sysmex CS-2100i and Sysmex CA®-1500</td></tr><tr><td>Analyzer Component Regulatory</td><td>Proposed Device Sysmex CS-2100i JPA Class 2</td><td>Predicate Device Sysmex CA®-1500 Same</td></tr><tr><td>Classification Intended Use Statement</td><td>System, Multipurpose for in vitro coagulation studies The Sysmex CS-2100i is a fully automated blood coagulation analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use using plasma</td><td>The intended use of the Sysmex CA®-1500 is as a fully automated, computerized blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8"></td><td>collected from venous blood samples in 3.2% sodium citrate tubes to analyze clotting,</td><td>plasma coagulation analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical</td></tr><tr><td>chromogenic and immunoassay methods in the clinical laboratory. For determination of: Prothrombin Time (PT) seconds and PT INR with</td><td>laboratories. The instrument uses citrated human plasma to perform the following parameters and</td></tr><tr><td>Dade® Innovin® Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (APTT) with Dade® Actin® FSL</td><td>calculated parameters: Clotting Analysis Prameters: Prothrombin Time (PT); Activated Partial Thromboplastin</td></tr><tr><td>Fibrinogen (Fbg) with Dade® Thrombin Reagent</td><td>Time (APTT); Fibrinogen (Clauss); Batroxobin Time; Extrinsic Factors (II, V, VII, X); Intrinsic</td></tr><tr><td>Antithrombin (AT) with INNOVANCE® Antithrombin</td><td>Factors (VIII, IX, XI, XII); Protein C.</td></tr><tr><td>D-dimer with INNOVANCE® D- Dimer</td><td>Chromogenic Analysis Parameters: Antithrombin III; Factor</td></tr><tr><td>The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.</td><td>VIII; Plasminogen; Heparin; Protein C; α2- Antiplasmin.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities between Sysmex CS-2100i and Sysmex CA®-1500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer Component</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed DeviceSysmex CS-2100i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceSysmex CA®-1500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters: D-dimer.Calculated Parameters:PT Ratio; PT INR; PT %;Derived Fibrinogen;Factor Assays % Activity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immuno-chemical Application:D-dimerwith INNOVANCE® D-Dimer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human plasma,3.2% sodium citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic Pipetting and Dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random Access</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid Level Sensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes - reagent and sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bar code Reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample + reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">STAT Testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling Capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal and Micro Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volumes inNormal Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer with INNOVANCE® D-Dimer 13 µL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

There are no technological differences between the subject and predicate devices. However the following minor changes exist between the subject and predicate devices:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences between Sysmex CS-2100i and Sysmex CA®-1500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer Component</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed DeviceSysmex CS-2100i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceSysmex CA®-1500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating PrincipleImmuno-chemical</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transmitted Light Detection(Absorbance) at 340, 405, 575,660 or 800 nm. Wavelengths 340,405, 575, and 800 are technicallyavailable but not validated incombination with the intendedapplications.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical Density at 405, 575, or800 nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelengths* used inAnalysis*The default wavelengthis normally used togenerate the reportedvalue of themeasurement. The sub-wavelength is run inparallel. If a light intensityerror occurs by using thedefault wavelength thevalue from the sub-wavelength is usedautomatically.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer with INNOVANCE® D-Dimer (Default = 660 nm; Sub-Wavelength= none)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer with INNOVANCE® D-Dimer (Default = 800 nm; Sub-Wavelength= none)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light SourceClotting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halogen Lamp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Emitting Diode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cap Piercing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cap Piercer only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Both options available:Cap Piercer and No-Cap Piercer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Detector : 37 °C ± 0.5 °C-Reagent incubation probe :37.5 °C ± 0.5 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Detector: 37°C ± 1.0°C-Reagent incubation probe: 37°C± 1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Cooling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10°C ± 2°C, when ambienttemperature is 20°C - 28°C.During operation 4°C -15°C, whenambient temperature is 15°C -30°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15°C ± 2°C, when ambienttemperature is 15°C - 30°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipetting Capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent probe:20 - 200 μLSample probe:4-270 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent probe:3 - 200 μLSample probe:5-450 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volumes inMicro Mode (Plasma)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bidirectional Interfacecommunicationprotocols</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-, ASTM-, CS- Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CA-, ASTM-Protocol</td></tr></table>

The above described differences do not raise new questions as to safety and effectiveness of the new device.

# 7. Performance Data

Performance Data: Extended indication for the exclusion of deep vein thrombosis (DVT). See original submission (K151259) for previously conducted analytical and clinical studies:

Method comparison Reproducibility Detection Capability   
Linearity $\&$ Measuring Range Reference Interval   
− D-dimer PE exclusion validation

# 7.1 D-Dimer DVT Exclusion Validation Study

The INNOVANCE $\textcircled{8}$ D-Dimer assay was evaluated on the Sysmex CS-2100i System in a multicenter study to validate the exclusion of a first event of Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT) using frozen specimens collected prospectively from 1907 consecutive outpatients presenting to the emergency or ambulatory department with suspected DVT. Of these 1907 patients, 368 were excluded from analysis (including 213 patients reported to have a previously documented or chronic DVT) resulting in a total of 1539 patients. All potentially eligible patients were evaluated using the Wells’ rules to estimate their pre-test probability (PTP) with regard to DVT, and then categorized into likely or unlikely, or alternatively as high, intermediate or low PTP. Patients with a high PTP score were excluded from enrollment. Patients with no or a positive D-dimer result with the D-dimer assay used at the respective study center were evaluated by imaging methods, e.g. ultrasound. Patients with a negative D-dimer result with the D-dimer assay used at the respective study center underwent imaging at the physician’s discretion. All patients with a negative clinical diagnosis of DVT at presentation were followed up after three months to evaluate potential development of DVT. Patients with unobtainable follow-up data were excluded from analysis resulting in $\mathsf { n } = \mathsf { 1 } 3 \mathsf { 1 7 }$ patients available for final analysis. The overall prevalence of DVT in the 1317 patients was $6 . 1 \%$ (80 of 1317) with $7 . 0 \%$ in the US population and $4 . 7 \%$ in the European population.

The specimens were tested with the INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ D-Dimer assay and results were compared to a cut-off value of $0 . 5 0 \mathsf { m g / L }$ FEU. A D-dimer result ${ < } 0 . 5 0 \mathrm { m g / L }$ FEU was considered negative and a D-dimer result $\ge 0 . 5 0 \ m { \mathfrak { g } } / \mathrm { L }$ FEU was considered positive. The instrument-specific sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value (NPV) and positive predictive value (PPV) with lower bound (LCL) of a two-sided $9 5 \%$ confidence interval were calculated. Results obtained for each study population are detailed below.

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">US sites DVT</td><td colspan="3">Reference (Imaging and 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">INNOVANCE® D-Dimer on CS- 2100i</td><td>Positive</td><td>55</td><td>450</td><td>505</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>1</td><td>297</td><td>298</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>56</td><td>747</td><td>803</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity %= 98.2 Specificity %= 39.8 NPV %= 99.7 NPV* %= 99.2 PPV %= 10.9 PPV* %= 22.3</td><td colspan="3">95% LCL= 90.4 95% LCL= 36.2 95% LCL= 98.1 95% LCL= 95.7 95% LCL= 8.5 95% LCL= 17.9</td></tr></table>

\*standardized to a prevalence of $1 5 \%$ \*standardized to a prevalence of $1 5 \%$ \*standardized to a prevalence of $1 5 \%$

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">OUS sites DVT</td><td colspan="3">Reference (Imaging and 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>Negative</td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">INNOVANCE® D-Dimer on CS- 2100i</td><td>Positive</td><td>23</td><td>217</td><td>240</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>1</td><td>273</td><td>274</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>24</td><td>490</td><td>514</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity %= Specificity %= NPV %= NPV* %= PPV %= PPV* %=</td><td colspan="3">95.8 95% LCL= 78.9 55.7 95% LCL= 51.2 99.6 95% LCL= 98.0 98.7 95% LCL= 93.0 9.6 95% LCL= 6.5 27.6 95% LCL= 20.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>US and OUS sites DVT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Reference (Imaging and 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>NNOVANCE®D-Dimer on CS-2100i</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>745</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>570</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>572</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1317</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPV* %=</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>=</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>95% LCL=</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 L</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Note:

For the exclusion of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) the diagnostic performance was assessed in a population of patients with the suspicion of a first event of DVT. For other patient populations (e. g. with recurrent or chronic DVT) the effectiveness of the device to exclude DVT has not been verified.

# 8. Conclusion

The modified Sysmex CS-2100i Coagulation Analyzer, with the expanded indication of the INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ D-Dimer for the exclusion of Deep Vein Thrombosis, is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device FDA cleared under K011235.