SEBIA, INC.   
KAREN ANDERSON   
DIRECTOR OF TECHNICAL AND QUALITY ASSURANCE 1705 CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 400   
NORCROSS GA 30093

Re: K162281 Trade/Device Name: CAPI 3 Hb A1c MULTI-SYSTEM Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (2) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LCP, JJX Dated: August 8, 2016 Received: August 15, 2016

Dear Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.For: Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name CAPI 3 Hb Alc

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

Te burden tieohcoectionoation ateveragehours pe ponse,nclud time  eviwinstructions, searh existing dat sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and cople a evi ollecon omation Sncments ardig th burdn timat  h this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden t

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teurentiocollctiooationatverhourspnsenc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gatherand maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510K SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sebia, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400Norcross, Georgia 30093, USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Karen Anderson, Dir of Technical and QAPhone: 1-800-835-6497Fax: 770-446-8511Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.comAigars Brants, Ph.D, Scientific Affairs OfficerPhone 1-800-835-6497Fax 770-446-8511Email: aigars.brants@sebia-usa.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">July 25, 2016 / Revised February 14, 2017</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SebiaParc Technologique Léonard de VinciRue Léonard de Vinci,CP 8010 LISSES, 91008 EVRY CedexFRANCEPhone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 Hb A1c (PN 2515),MULTI-SYSTEM Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls(2) (PN 4768) using CAPILLARYS 3 TERAinstrument (PN 1246)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) by capillaryelectrophoresis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Regulation No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR Part 864.7470,862.1660</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCP, JJX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II , Class I (general controls)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Establishment Registration No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8023024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device 510(k) number</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K122101</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K122101 and K133344</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K122101</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The capillary electrophoresis provides complete automation with fast separation and good resolution. This electrokinetic separation technique is carried out in a silica glass tube (i.e., capillary) with internal diameter lower than $1 0 0 ~ { \mu \ m }$ filled with a buffer composed of electrolytes.

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses of HbA1c quantification in a whole blood sample. A sample dilution with hemolysing solution is prepared and injected by aspiration at the anodic end of the capillary. A high voltage protein separation is then performed and direct detection of the hemoglobins is made at the cathodic end of the capillary at $4 1 5 \mathsf { n m }$ , which is the absorbance wave length specific to hemoglobins. Before each run, the capillaries are washed with a wash solution and prepared for the next analysis with buffer.

Direct detection provides accurate relative quantification of individual hemoglobin A1c fraction. In addition, the high resolution of CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure allows the quantification of HbA1c even in the presence of labile HbA1c, carbamylated and acetylated hemoglobins, and major hemoglobin variants.

By using an alkaline pH buffer, normal and abnormal (or variant) hemoglobins are detected in the following order, from cathode to anode: A2/C, E, S/D, F, A0, other Hb (including minor Hb A1) and then A1c.

# Reagents:

# CAPI 3 Hb A1c KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 2515</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials, 700 mL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysing solution (ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 700 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 filters</td></tr></table>

# Additional reagents not included in the CAPI 3 Hb A1c KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ITEMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COMPONENTS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPICLEAN CAPILLARYS 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 25 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 3 WASH SOLUTION</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 vial, 75mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 DISPOSABLES KIT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2580</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 packs of 14 reagent cups5 bins for used reagent cups</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEST TUBES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 of 100mm-tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 BINS FOR USED REAGENTCUPS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2581</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 units</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TUBES AND CAPS FORCONTROLS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92029205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 units500 units</td></tr></table>

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit:

The CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit is designed for separation and quantification of the HbA1c glycated fraction of hemoglobin in venous whole blood, by capillary electrophoresis in alkaline buffer $\left( \mathsf { p H } \ 9 . 4 \right)$ with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument. Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is effective in monitoring long-term glycemic control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. This test is not for screening or diagnosis of diabetes. The CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit is designed for Professional Use Only.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

# MULTI-SYSTEM Hb A1c CAPILLARY CONTROLS (2):

The Multi-system Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (2) are designed for the migration control and quality control of human glycated hemoglobin A1c quantification with SEBIA capillary electrophoresis procedures:

CAPILLARYS Hb A1c performed with the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCING automated instrument,

CAPI 3 Hb A1c performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA automated instrument and, - MINICAP Hb A1c performed with the MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING automated instrument. The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls are designed for Professional Use Only.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution which is the most common form of capillary electrophoresis. With this technique, charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation also occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.

The CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses of Hb A1c quantification in a whole blood sample. A sample dilution with hemolysing solution is prepared and injected by aspiration at the anodic end of the capillary. A high voltage protein separation is then performed and direct detection of the hemoglobins is made at the cathodic end of the capillary at $4 1 5 \mathsf { n m }$ , which is the absorbance wave length specific to hemoglobins. Before each run, the capillaries are washed with a wash solution and prepared for the next analysis with buffer.

Direct detection provides accurate relative quantification of individual hemoglobin A1c fraction. In addition, the high resolution of CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure allows the quantification of HbA1c, and particularly, even in the presence of labile HbA1c, carbamylated and acetylated hemoglobins, and major hemoglobin variants.

By using an alkaline pH buffer, normal and abnormal (or variant) hemoglobins are detected in the following order, from cathode to anode: A2/C, E, S/D, F, A0, other Hb (including minor Hb A1) and then A1c.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device 510(k) number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS Hb A1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K122101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K122101 and K133344</td></tr></table>

The technological characteristics of the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument (candidate device) utilizes the same principles of capillary electrophoresis in an alkaline buffer reading at a wavelength of $4 1 5 \ \mathsf { n m }$ as the CAPILLARYS Hb A1c procedure (predicate device).

Table A. Similarities and differences between the predicate device (CAPILLARYS Hb A1c) and the candidate device (CAPI 3 Hb A1c). Both are members of the Sebia CAPILLARYS family of instruments.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Table A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYSHb A1c (K) 122101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPI 3 Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CAPILLARYS Hb A1c kit is designedfor separation and quantification of theHbA1c glycated fraction of hemoglobin inhuman blood, by capillary electrophoresisin alkaline buffer (pH 9.4) with theCAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGinstrument. Measurement of hemoglobinA1c is effective in monitoring long-termglycemic control in individuals withdiabetes mellitus. The CAPILLARYS HbA1c kit is designed for Professional UseOnly.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit is designed forseparation and quantification of theHbA1c glycated fraction ofhemoglobin in venous whole blood,by capillary electrophoresis in alkalinebuffer (pH 9.4) with the CAPILLARYS3 TERA instrument. Measurement ofhemoglobin A1c is effective inmonitoring long-term glycemic controlin individuals with diabetesmellitus.This test is not for screeningor diagnosis of diabetes. The CAPI 3Hb A1c kit is designed forProfessional Use Only.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Separationsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Free solution capillary electrophoresis(FSCE): hemoglobin separation on analkaline buffer (pH 9.4) according to theircharge, to the electrolyte pH andelectroosmotic flow.Fast separation and good resolution.Electrophoregrams show separatedfractions according to their charge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS Hb A1c Kit (PN 2015) :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPI 3 Hb A1c Kit (PN 2515) :</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer (ready to use) : 2 vials, 700 mLeachHemolysing solution (ready to use) : 1 vial,700 mLWash solution (stock solution) : 1 vial, 75mLDilution segments : 1 pack of 90Filters : 4 filters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer (ready to use) : 2 vials, 700 mLeachHemolysing solution (ready to use) : 1vial, 700 mLFilters : 4 filters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life (*)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer : 3 years at 2 - 8 Hemolysing solution : 3 years at 2  30 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGinstrument, PN 1227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 3 TERAinstrument, PN 1246</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysisthroughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 analyses / hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62 analyses / hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC interface + touch screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TemperatureControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">By Peltier device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectionsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deuterium lamp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deuterium lamp and LED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software fordata processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA PHORESIS™ software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Firmware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included into the PHORESIS software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Included into the instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofseparation units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 parallel capillaries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 parallel capillaries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples tubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uncapped tubes or capped tubesdepending on the procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplesidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (Bar code reading on both sampleracks and tubes)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (Bar code reading on sampletubes and RFID labels on sampleracks)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (RFID labels on reagent vials)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction ofthe samplesinto theautomaticsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary capacity of 88 tubes for HbA1ctechnique  (i.e.  11 sample  racks),uninterrupted throughput on sample racks.Each sample rack contains 8 sample tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary maximal capacityof 120tubes  (i.e.  15  sample racks),uninterrupted throughput on sampleracks (8 positions available).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bay :maincompartement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS   2   FLEX-PIERCING:Contains one vial of water, wash solution,hemolyzing solution (for Hb and Hb A1ctechniques) and buffer container.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 4 analysis buffers orhemolysing solutions (identified byRFID labels); 1 waste container, 1container for water, 1 container forthe wash solution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bay :secondarycompartment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 3 vials and 1 rack withimmunotyping reagents (allRFID tagged) in temperaturecontrolled environment (&lt; 15 °C);1 RFID labeled vial and three tubes(for maintenance solutions) at roomtemperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L. 95 cm x H. 39 cm x D. 63 cm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L. 90 cm x H. 54 cm x D. 67 cm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 kg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 kg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 1:6      5</td><td></td></tr></table>

(\*) The reagent shelf life (buffer and hemolysing solution) has been extended (3 years instead of 2 years)

Table B. Similarities and differences between the candidate device (Multi-system Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls (2)) and the predicate device (Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls).   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TABLE C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIAHb A1cCAPILLARYControlsK122101 and K133344</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIAMulti-system Hb A1c CAPILLARYControls (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls aredesigned for the migration control andquality control of human glycatedhemoglobin A1c quantification with SEBIAcapillary electrophoresis procedures :CAPILLARYS Hb A1c performedwith the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGautomated instrument and,MINICAP Hb A1c performed withthe MINICAP FLEX-PIERCiNG automatedinstrument.The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls aredesigned for Professional Use Only.For In Vitro Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Multi-system Hb A1c CAPILLARYControls        (2)     aredesigned        for     themigration control and quality control ofhuman glycated        hemoglobinA1c quantification        withSEBIA capillary electrophoresisprocedures:CAPILLARYS Hb A1c performedwith the CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGautomated instrument,CAPI 3 Hb A1c performed with theCAPILLARYS 3 TERA automatedinstrument and,-      MINICAP Hb A1c performed withthe MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING automatedinstrument.The Hb A1c CAPILLARY Controls aredesigned for Professional Use Only.For In Vitro Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4774</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4768</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hb A1c CAPILLARY Control 1 :1 vialHb A1c CAPILLARY Control 2 :1 vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitute the lyophilized control vial with0.6 mL of distilled or deionized water.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitute the lyophilized control vialwith 0.75 mL of distilled or deionized water.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storagetemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Before reconstitution, store the lyophilizedcontrols refrigerated (2 to 8 °C). They arestable until the expiration date indicated onthe vial labels.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years at 2 - 8 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In use storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS Hb A1c :After reconstitution, store the controls at 2 - 8 in a closed conical tube for control blood anduse them within the day (for 24 hoursmaximum). After use, they must be storedwithout any delay between - 18 C and - 30 due to the risk of microbial contamination anddenaturation. They are stable for 6 monthsmaximum between - 18 °C and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAPILLARYS Hb A1c :After reconstitution, store the controls at 2 - 8 °in a closed conical tube for control blood anduse them within the day (for 24 hoursmaximum). After use, they must be storedwithout any delay between - 18 C and - 30 due to the risk of microbial contamination anddenaturation. They are stable for 6 monthsmaximum between - 18 ° and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TABLE B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIAHb A1c CAPILLARY ControlsK122101 and K133344</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIAMulti-system Hb A1c CAPILLARYControls (2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- 30 °C.Do not freeze and thaw thereconstituted controls more than 30times.After hemolysis with the CAPILLARYS2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument, storethe dilution segments with controls at2 - 8 °C and use them within the day(for 8 hours maximum). They may bestored, without any delay, between -18 C and - 30 °C for 1 monthmaximum. Do not freeze and thaw adilution segment with hemolyzedcontrol more than three times.MINICAP Hb A1c :After reconstitution, store the controlsat 2 - 8 °C in a closed conical tube forcontrol blood and use them within theday (for 24 hours maximum). Afteruse, they must be stored without anydelay between - 18 °C and - 30 °C dueto the risk of microbial contaminationand denaturation. They are stable for6 months maximum between - 18 and - 30 °C.Do not freeze and thaw thereconstituted controls more than 30times.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- 30 C.Do not freeze and thaw thereconstituted controls more than 30times.After hemolysis with the CAPILLARYS2 FLEX-PIERCING instrument, storethe dilution segments with controls at2 - 8 °C and use them within the day(for 8 hours maximum). They may bestored, without any delay, between -18 C and - 30 C for 1 monthmaximum. Do not freeze and thaw adilution segment with hemolyzedcontrol more than three times.MINICAP Hb A1c :After reconstitution, store the controlsat 2 - 8 °C in a closed conical tube forcontrol blood and use them within theday (for 24 hours maximum). Afteruse, they must be stored without anydelay between - 18 °C and - 30 °C dueto the risk of microbial contaminationand denaturation. They are stable for6 months maximum between - 18 °Cand - 30 °C.Do not freeze and thaw thereconstituted controls more than 30times.CAPI 3 Hb A1c :After reconstitution, store the controlsat 2 - 8 °C in a closed conical tube forcontrol blood and use them within theday (for 24 hours maximum). Afteruse, they must be stored without anydelay between - 18 °C and - 30 °C dueto the risk of microbial contaminationand denaturation. They are stable for6 months maximum between - 18 and - 30 C.Do not freeze and thaw thereconstituted controls more than 30times.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGSEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCING</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SEBIA CAPILLARYS 2 FLEX-PIERCINGSEBIA MINICAP FLEX-PIERCINGSEBIA CAPILLARYS 3 TERA</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data:

# a. Precision

The precision of the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure was evaluated in a study based on the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP5-A3 guideline "Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurements Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition". The means, standard deviations (SD) and coefficients of variation $( \mathrm { C V } \% )$ were calculated for HbA1c concentration (mmol/mol) and percentage $( \% )$ for each sample.

Eight (8) different blood samples were run using the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure on 3 CAPILLARYS 3 instruments. The analyzed blood samples included 3 samples with normal

HbA1c level (No. 1, 2 and 3), 1 sample with ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ level close to the cut-off value (No. 4) and 4 samples with elevated HbA1c level (No. 5, 6, 7 and 8).

Each sample was analyzed in duplicate on two capillaries per run, two runs per day over six days per lot of CAPI 3 Hb A1c kit, using three lots yielding a total of 432 results per sample over 18 days.

The Overall analysis is summarized in the following tables including within-capillary, betweencapillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot, between-instrument and total reproducibility precision estimates $( \% 0 \% )$ for the $\mathsf { H b } \mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweeninstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility (</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot and between-instrument.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Betweeninstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility()</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot and between-instrument.

The Instrument by Instrument analysis is summarized in the following tables:

including within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day, between-lot and total reproducibility precision estimates $( \% 0 \% \% )$ for the HbA1c concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages for each instrument.

including the within-laboratory precision estimates $( \% C \backslash I )$ for the HbA1c concentrations (in mmol/mol) and percentages for each lot on each instrument.

# Instrument No. 1

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-laboratory (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within laboratory reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility(*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr></table>

) Total reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-laboratory (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within laboratory reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

# Instrument No. 2

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility )</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

(\*) Within laboratory reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-laboratory (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility ()</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

510(k) Summary 13   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-laboratory (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within laboratory reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

# Instrument No. 3

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

(\*) Within laboratory reproducibility includes : within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-laboratory (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totalreproducibility (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Total reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run, between-day and between-lot.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Within-laboratory (*)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot No. 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9,9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood No. 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0,6%</td></tr></table>

(\*) Within laboratory reproducibility includes $\boldsymbol { : }$ within-capillary, between-capillary, between-run and between-day.

# 510(k) Summary 14

# b. Linearity

# Mixture of 2 different blood samples:

2 characteristic blood samples, including a normal sample and an elevated ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ level sample were mixed within different proportions and the mixtures were electrophoresed with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure. For each mixture, samples were analyzed in triplicate.

The tests were determined to be linear within the entire range studied for ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ hemoglobin fraction. The stated measuring range is 21 mmol/mol to 138 mmol/mol HbA1c ( $4 . 0 \%$ to $1 4 . 7 \%$ ${ \mathsf { H b A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ ).

# Dilution of 4 different blood samples in hemolysing solution:

4 different characteristic blood samples, including 1 normal sample with HbA1c concentration at 21 mmol/mol $( 4 . 1 \ \%$ HbA1c), 1 sample with HbA1c level close to the cut-off value with HbA1c concentration at 47 mmol/mol $6 . 4 \%$ HbA1c) and 2 elevated HbA1c level samples with HbA1c concentrations at 82 mmol/mol $( 9 . 6 \%$ HbA1c) and at 134 mmol/mol ( $1 4 . 4 \%$ HbA1c), were all serially diluted in hemolysing solution and electrophoresed with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure. The tests were determined to be linear within the entire ranges studied from 2.9 to $3 0 . 5 ~ { \mathfrak { g } } / { \mathsf { d L } }$ total hemoglobin and HbA1c fraction concentration and percentage were not affected by the hemoglobin concentration of the samples.

# c. Accuracy – Internal correlation

The levels of $\mathsf { H b } \mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ were measured in 100 blood samples, including samples with normal and elevated ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ levels, both by electrophoretic separations obtained with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure on the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument and a commercially available capillary electrophoresis technique for ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ quantification that is NGSP standardized. The measured values of HbA1c concentrations and percentages from both procedures were analyzed by a linear regression statistical procedure. The results of linear regression analysis are tabulated below $\mathsf { y } =$ CAPI 3 Hb A1c):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range ofvalues CAPI 3Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 132</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1-14.2</td></tr></table>

# d. Accuracy - External correlations

In study No. 1, the levels of ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ were measured in 175 blood samples, including samples with normal and elevated ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ levels, both by electrophoretic separations obtained with CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument and a commercially available capillary electrophoresis technique for ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ quantification that is NGSP standardized.

The measured values of HbA1c concentrations and percentages from both procedures were analyzed by a linear regression statistical procedure. The results of linear regression analysis are tabulated below (y = CAPI 3 Hb A1c):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range ofvalues CAPI 3Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23 - 138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3-14.7</td></tr></table>

In study No. 2, the levels of ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ were measured in 117 blood samples, including samples with normal and elevated ${ \mathsf { H b } } { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ levels, both by electrophoretic separations obtained with CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure with the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument and a commercially available capillary electrophoresis technique for $\mathsf { H b } \mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ quantification that is NGSP standardized.

The measured values of HbA1c concentrations and percentages from both procedures were analyzed by a linear regression statistical procedure. The results of linear regression analysis are tabulated below (y = CAPI 3 Hb A1c):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlationcoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range ofvalues CAPI 3Hb A1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 - 127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Percentage (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.968</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2- 13.7</td></tr></table>

Internal and External studies combined of 392 whole blood samples (normal and elevated HbA1c levels) spanning a HbA1c measuring range of $4 . 1 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 1 4 . 7 ~ \%$ with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure using the CAPILLARYS 3 TERA instrument.

# Interferences

No interference with the CAPI 3 Hb A1c procedure was detected due to the blood sample’s high concentration of the following interfering factors tested at levels equal to the concentrations listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.85 g/dL (43.97mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9 mg/dL (614 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL (3.41 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277mg/dL (46.1 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2178 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glybenclamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149.5 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL (55 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL (55.56 mM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL (1325 μM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL(2427μM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL(387μM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylated hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamylated hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labile HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 12.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 11.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 23 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 40.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 36.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 44.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 26.6%</td></tr></table>

# 3. Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.