Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Gerard Sadrakula Regulatory Affairs Specialist 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: K162977 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA® 2120 ADVIA® 2120i Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: August 9, 2017 Received: August 11, 2017

Dear Mr. Sadrakula:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological   
Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

20   
20   
20 20 20   
20   
  

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) K162977</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ADVIA 2120/2120i Hematology auto-analyzers</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

20 20   
20 20 20 20 20 20   
20   
20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20

# SIEMENS

# 1.10A 510k Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

510(k) Number: K162977

Date of Preparation: October $1 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ , 2016. Updated: July $1 3 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ 2017

# Proprietary and Established Names:

ADVIA®120, ADVIA®2120, ADVIA®2120i,

# Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc.,   
511 Benedict Ave, Tarrytown, NY 10591   
Gerard Sadrakula, Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Office: (914) 524-2582   
Fax: (914) 524-3579)

# Regulatory Information:

The ADVIA®2120i is a class 2 analyzer that produces no PMA results.

# Predicate Devices:

ADVIA $\Theta 2 1 2 0$ cleared in k102644   
ADVIA®2120i cleared in k102644

# Device Description:

The ADVIA 2120i (RoHS/REACH compliant) is a modification of the ADVIA 2120i Hematology System designed to address the following business needs:

To achieve RoHS & Reach compliance To address component obsolescence

# SIEMENS

# Intended Use / Indications for Use:

The ADVIA 2120 and 2120i with autoslide are quantitative, automated hematology analyzers that provide the following information for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories

A complete blood count (CBC) consisting of WBC, RBC, Hgb, CN-Free Hgb, Calculated Hgb, MCV, Hct, MCH, MCHC, CHCM, RDW, HDW, CH, Plt, MPV. A leukocyte differential count consisting of: Neut (%/#), Lymph (%/#), Mono (%/#), Eos (%/#) Baso (%/#), LUC (%/#). A reticulocyte analysis consisting of Retic (%/#), MCVg, MCVr, CHCMg, CHCMr, CHg, CHr. • A nucleated red blood cell count consisting of NRBC $( \% / \# )$ . Enumeration of the total nucleated cell (TNC) count and RBC count for pleural, peritoneal, and peritoneal dialysis (PD) specimens.

Note: Above measurands are determined (in whole blood, pleural, peritoneal, or peritoneal dialysis specimens) with K2 and/or K3 EDTA anti-coagulants.

Quantitative determination of blood cells in Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) consisting of WBC, RBC, Neut (%/#), Lymph (%/#), Mono (%/#), MN (%/#), PMN (%/#).

In addition, the system provides the added capability to automatically prepare and stain high quality blood smears on a glass microscope slide.

# Technology Features Comparison Table:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Technological and Features Comparison Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA 2120i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA 2120i (RoHS/REACHCompliant)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stand-alone, mid-high volumehematology analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput Rate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 samples/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative, automated hematologyanalyzers that provide informationfor in vitro diagnostic use in clinicallaboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">whole blood, pleural, peritoneal, orperitoneal dialysis specimens withK2 and/or K3 EDTA anti-coagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175ul</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents to support CompleteBlood Count, White Blood Celldifferential and Reticulocyte analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modes ofsampling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 sampling modes: Manual opentube sampler, manual closed tubesampler and automated closed tubesampler (autosampler).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Entry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Keyboard and Touch ScreenMonitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bar code readingcapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed and Handheld bar codereaders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrincipals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow cytometry, RBC lysing,myeloperoxidase staining of theWBCs and oxazine staining of thereticulocytes, using five channels toanalyze blood samples.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA 3 in 1 with retics (Normal,Abnormal 1, Abnormal 2) or CBConly (L,N,H) and reticulocytes (L, H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commercially available calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutomationInterfaceSoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface software to allowconnection to LabCell or Aptioautomation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical- V6.2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARM 9 CPU Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA 2120i</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ADVIA 2120i (RoHS/REACHCompliant)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal ProcessorCB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Existing non-RoHS compliant SignalProcessing PCB. No onboardsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation of signalprocessing and monitor/keyboardinterface design, to achieve RoHScompliance. No onboard software.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutosamplerControl PCB DAA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dropped in SMC4 motor controller.Onboard motion control software for80186 (CPU).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation offormer used discrete componentsand includes SMC4 motor control.No change to predicate software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutosamplerControl PCBSAA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dropped in SMC4 motor controller.Onboard motion control software for80186 (CPU).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation offormer used discrete componentsand includes SMC4 motor control.No change to predicate software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReferencepreAmplifier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Uses the predicate sensors</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreAmp PowerSupply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Uses the predicate sensors</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laser DiodeDriver 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dual Servo Pump</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses original Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation offormer used discrete components.Uses original Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valve DriverBoard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses original Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation offormer used discrete components.Uses original Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parallel Node</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses original Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation offormer used discrete components.Uses original Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGB Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uses original Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New VHDL implementation offormer used discrete components.Uses original Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perox OpticsScrambler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensor Amplifier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rack Sensor LED</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SIEMENSIndicator AssyDAA</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">No onboard software or firmware.      No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliant   Contains some minor RoHScomponents.                                   component changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indicator AssySAA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Input/Output QI/O PCBA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAN Scrambler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baso OpticsScrambler0 OpticsScrambler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pneu ValveScrambler BoardValve ScramblerBoard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UFC IlluminationBoardIllumination Board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Provides cosmetic lighting. Noonboard software or firmware.Contains some non-RoHS compliantcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switch PanelInterfaceh Panel Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ID ReaderInterfaceInterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UFC ValveScrambler PCB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interconnect board. No onboardsoftware or firmware. Contains somenon-RoHS compliant components.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No onboard software or firmware.Contains some minor RoHScomponent changes.</td></tr></table>

# SIEMENS

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced:

CLSI EP15-A3: User Verification of Precision and Estimation of bias: Approved Guidelines - Third edition   
CLSI EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures Approved Guidelines Third edition   
CLSI-EP09-A3: Method comparison and bias estimation using patient samples: Approved Guidelines Third edition   
CLSI-EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement   
Procedures :Approved Guidelines Second edition.   
EN 61010-1:2010 - Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use - Part 1: General Requirements   
EN 61010-1:2010, Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use - Parts 2- 6: Particular Requirements – In vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical   
equipment   
ISO 14971:2009 - Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices. Including European Deviation in EN ISO 14971:2012.   
IEC 62366:2008 - Medical devices - Application of usability engineering to medical devices

Note: Regarding Standards IEC 62366:2008 no summary report is being supplied. As detailed in section 1.10 Technology Features Comparison Table, “There are no usability changes to the ADVIA 2120i and the ADVIA 2120i(RoHS/REACH compliant system . Therefore the usability file was updated however no separate report has been created. Existing ADVIA 2120i usability has already been approved as part of the prior 510(k102644) submission.

• EN 62304:2006/AC:2008 - Medical device software - Software life-cycle processes • EN ISO 15223-1:2012 Medical devices - symbols to be used with medical device labels, labeling and information to be supplied

Note: Regarding Standard EN. ISO 15223-1:2012 no summary report is being supplied. As stated in the Operator guide section 2.7, “There are no Major changes to the ADVIA® 120/2120/2120i Operators Guide and the Supplemental Information Research Use Only (RUO) Guide, just some minor formatting and administrative changes to these guides”. Therefore as the original Guides have already been approved as part of the prior 510(k102644) submission.

# 1.12 Performance Characteristics:

The methods listed below:

a. Basophil/Lobularity Method b. CSF Method c. Hemoglobin Method d. Peroxidase Method e. RBC/Platelet Method f. Reticulocyte Method g. Body Fluids Method

Had the following studies completed internally via the following sections of this submission:

7.1 Carryover   
7.2 Linearity   
7.3 Imprecision (within run)   
7.4 Accuracy   
7.5 Commercial Controls Repeatability and within device Imprecision   
7.6 Limit of Quantitation/Detection/Blank

These studies show performance equivalence of the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2120i (RoHS/REACH compliant) against the $\mathrm { A D V I A @ } 2 1 2 0$ and 2120i. The protocols were tested using CBC, CBC/DIFF, CBC/DIFF/RETIC and Retic only selectivities in each of the sampling modes; opened tube sampling, manual closed tube sampling and automated closed-tube sampling. No non -conformances were observed.

The methods listed below:

a. Body Fluid b. CSF Accuracy

Had the following studies completed at external Clinical sites via sections 8.1 of this submission:   
CSF and Body Fluid Accuracy   
System Flagging and Method Validation

These studies show performance equivalence of the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2120i (RoHS/REACH compliant) against the $\mathrm { A D V I A @ } 2 1 2 0$ and 2120i as tested at these External Sites:

· “University of California-San Francisco”, · “Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics” · “Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center”

No non -conformances were observed.

There is no change for user needs and intended use in this project.   
Our overall conclusion is that:   
As a result the ADVIA 2120i Hematology RoHS/REACH analyzer is safe and effective and performs clinically equivalent to the predicate device