Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Rose Marinelli   
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Specialist   
Emil-von-Behring Str 76   
Marburg, Germany 35041

Re: K162540 Trade/Device Name: INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin Assay INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin Calibrator INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin UF and LMW Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7525 Regulation Name: Heparin assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KFF, JIS, GGN Dated: August 10, 2017 Received: August 14, 2017

Dear Ms. Marinelli:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800)638-2041 or (301)796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou /Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov /MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/ Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K162540</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">INNOVANCE® Heparin Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">INNOVANCE® Heparin UF and LMW Controls</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin Assay

In vitro diagnostic automated chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) activity in human plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate tubes on the $\mathrm { B C S @ }$ XP System in the clinical laboratory. For use with plasma from patients undergoing heparin anticoagulant therapy with either UFH or LMWH. The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin Calibrator

For calibration of the INNOVANCE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Heparin assay for the quantitative determination of the activity of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in citrated human plasma.

INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin UF and LMW Controls

For quality control of the INNOVANCE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Heparin assay for the quantitative determination of the activity of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in citrated human plasma.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ and follows the FDA guidance “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, issued July 28, 2014.

# 1 Submitter

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
35041 Marburg, Germany   
Contact Person:   
Email:   
Phone:   
Facsimile:   
Date   
Rose Marinelli   
rose.t.marinelli@siemens-healthineers.com   
302-631-8805   
302-631-6299   
Prepared: September 9, 2016

# 2 Device

Name of Device: Common or Usual Name: Classification Name: Regulatory Class: Product Code: 510(k) Review Panel:

INNOVANCE® Heparin Assay   
Heparin   
Heparin assay (21 CFR 864.7525)   
Class II   
KFF   
Hematology

Name of Device: Common or Usual Name: Classification Name: Regulatory Class: Product Code: 510(k) Review Panel:

INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator   
Calibrator, primary   
Calibrator (21 CFR 862.1150)   
Class II   
JIS   
Hematology

Name of Device:

INNOVANCE® Heparin UF and LMW Controls   
• INNOVANCE® Heparin UF Control 1   
• INNOVANCE® Heparin UF Control 2   
INNOVANCE® Heparin LMW Control 1   
INNOVANCE® Heparin LMW Control 2

Common or Usual Name: Classification Name:

Heparin Controls Plasma, Coagulation Control (21 CFR 864.5425)

Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGN 510(k) Review Panel: Hematology

# 3 Predicate Device

Coamatic Heparin Assay, K983178 (UFH and LMWH)

A method comparison study for the above listed device was performed with the Coamatic Heparin assay on the Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) ACL TOP®. To the best of our knowledge, the predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall for any of the applications associated with this Premarket Notification.

# 4 Device Description / Test Principle

The INNOVANCE® Heparin assay is a one stage chromogenic assay. The reagent kit consists of two components. One component (INNOVANCE Heparin Reagent) contains Coagulation Factor Xa (Xa), the other (INNOVANCE Heparin Substrate) a chromogenic substrate specific for Xa. Upon mixing of INNOVANCE Heparin Reagent and INNOVANCE Heparin Substrate, Xa converts the chromogenic substrate into two products, one of them is paranitroaniline. The formation of paranitroaniline can be quantified by the coagulation analyzer employing light absorption at a specific wavelength (405 nm). In the presence of a heparin containing sample the formation of paranitroaniline will be reduced in a time dependent manner. This is due to inhibition of Xa by the heparin/antithrombin (AT) complex. This complex is formed in the patient’s plasma and competes with the substrate conversion by Xa. The concentration of the complex is not only dependent on the concentration of heparin but also on the availability of the patient’s endogenous antithrombin. By comparison to a reference curve the heparin activity of the sample can be quantified. To reduce the influence from heparin antagonists, such as platelet factor 4 (PF4), dextran sulfate is included in the reaction mixture.

The INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator consists of 5 calibrator levels. INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator 1 represents plasma containing no heparin. INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator 2, 3, 4 and 5 contain defined activities of LMWH and are calibrated against the World Health Organization (WHO) International Standards for UFH and LMWH. The calibrator levels are used to establish a reference curve (calibration curve) which then can be employed to quantify the heparin activity of UFH and LMWH containing plasmas.

The INNOVANCE® Heparin Controls consist of plasmas containing defined activities of either UFH or LMWH. Recovery of these controls within their assigned ranges indicates proper functionality of the assay system.

# 5 Intended Use / Indications for Use

# INNOVANCE® Heparin Assay

In-vitro diagnostic automated chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) activity in human plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate tubes on the BCS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XP System in the clinical laboratory. For use with plasma from patients undergoing heparin anticoagulant therapy with either UFH or LMWH. The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

# INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator

For calibration of the INNOVANCE® Heparin assay for the quantitative determination of the activity of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in citrated human plasma.

# INNOVANCE® Heparin UF and LMW Controls

For quality control of the INNOVANCE® Heparin assay for the quantitative determination of the activity of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in citrated human plasma.

# 6 Comparison of Technological Characteristics

# 6.1 Comparison of Reagent Features

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed DeviceINNOVANCE® Heparin Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceCoamatic Heparin  K983178</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro diagnostic automatedchromogenic assay for the quantitativedetermination of unfractionated heparin(UFH) and low molecular weight heparin(LMWH) activity in human plasmacollected from venous blood samples in3.2% sodium citrate tubes on the BCS®XP System in the clinical laboratory.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the quantitative determination ofunfractionated heparin (UF Heparin) orlow molecular weight heparin (LMWHeparin) in human citrated plasma usingautomated and microplate methods.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For use with plasma from patientsundergoing heparin anticoagulant therapywith either UFH or LMWH.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available from package insert.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UFH and LMWH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2% Citrated human plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antithrombin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels for UFH and 2 levels for LMWH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Until expiration date printed on each vialand carton at 2 - 8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10 to 1.50 IU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 to 1.5 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid(Factor Xa and chromogenic substrate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized(Factor Xa and S-2732)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationCurve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single calibration curve for UFH andLMWH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability / ShelfLife</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 months at 28 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available from package insert</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability onceopened</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 weeks at 28 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 months at 28 °C in the original vial</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On BoardSability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 hours in cooled positions on theBCS® XP System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available from package insert.</td></tr></table>

# 6.2 Comparison of Calibrator Features

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed DeviceINNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device3rd International Standard for LMWH6th International Standard for UFH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the calibration of theINNOVANCE® Heparin assay for thequantitative determination of theactivity of unfractionated heparin(UFH) and low molecular weightheparin (LMWH) in citrated humanplasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">International Standard for LMWHInternational Standard for UFH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Plasma (Lyophilized)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porcine Mucosa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMWH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UFH and LMWH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability to WHO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WHO Standard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-Board Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 Hours (BCS XP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf-life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 Months at 2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LMWH: 6 months at -40°C or belowUFH: Not available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability afterReconstitution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 hours at 15-25 °48 hours at 2-8 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 level; to be reconstituted and dilutedin plasma, as needed.</td></tr></table>

# 6.3 Comparison of Control Features

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device (K162540)INNOVANCE Heparin UF and LMWControls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coamatic Heparin Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For quality control of theINNOVANCE® Heparin assay for thequantitative determination of the activityof unfractionated heparin (UFH) andlow molecular weight heparin (LMWH)in citrated human plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Plasma (Lyophilized)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability to WHO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels for LMWH2 levels for UFH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReconstitutionStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours at 1525°C48 hours at 2-8°C4 weeks at &lt; - 18°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-Board: 4 hours (BCS® XP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life: 24 months at 28°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Available</td></tr></table>

The differences between the predicate devices and proposed reagents and calibrators do not result in a change to the intended use, the indications for use, or the safety and efficacy when used according to the product labeling. There were no differences found for the controls.

# 7 Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# 7.1 Non-Clinical Studies

# 7.1.1 Measuring Range (Linearity and LoQ)

The analytical measuring range of the INNOVANCE Heparin assay was confirmed by establishment of the Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) for the low end and by a linearity study. The linearity study was performed by using normal plasma (pool) spiked with increasing activities (0.00 to $1 . 9 0 \ | \mathrm { U / m L } \rangle$ ) of the International Standard for Unfractionated Heparin (IS UFH) and normal plasma (pool spiked with increasing activities (0.00 to $1 . 9 0 \ \mathrm { | U / m L ) }$ of the International Standard for Low Molecular Weight Heparin (IS LMWH). Plasma pools containing no heparin were spiked with each respective heparin (UFH and LMWH) to equal 21 different dilutions per heparin with 3 lots of reagents. The testing was in accordance with CLSI: EP06-A, Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline in which the mean of four replicates from each dilution were plotted versus the assigned values. Differences between the predicted value from the best fitting polynomial and the predicted value from the 1st order regression were calculated for each dilution level for each heparin type. Based on the results of these two studies, the assay range for the INNOVANCE Heparin assay was established as 0.10 – 1.50 IU/mL.

# 7.1.2 Specificity

Interference testing was performed according to CLSI: EP7-A2, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline-Second Edition. Testing included endogenous interferents (bilirubin (unconjugated), bilirubin (conjugated), hemoglobin, platelet factor 4 (PF4) and triglycerides), known exogenous interferents (Rivaroxaban, Apixaban, Fondaparinux, Danaparoid Sodium) and other Over the Counter and Prescription drugs. Base pools of UFH and LMWH were prepared to span the assay range and to cover medical decision points and these base pools were used to perform the interference testing. Information about interference will be included in the Instructions for Use for INNOVANCE Heparin and in the application sheet.

Following concentrations of listed endogenous substances were found to cause no interference up to the indicated concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to...</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelet Factor 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>807 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

In addition, no interferences up to the indicated concentrations of following exogenous substances were observed:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to...</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apixaban</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Danaparoid Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fondaparinux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rivaroxaban</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# 7.2 Clinical Studies

# 7.2.1 Reproducibility and Repeatability Studies

A multicenter reproducibility study was performed in accordance with CLSI: EP05-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods: Approved Guideline-Second Edition with the INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin assay on the BCS $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XP System.

The study was conducted at three external sites for both UFH and LMWH. Plasma pools spanning the assay range were prepared at the Siemens Marburg site and sent frozen to the external study sites for testing along with appropriate controls for LMWH and UFH. See Table 1.

For reagent repeatability study, the testing data of the three lots at one site (Bad Oeynhausen) of INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin reagent with LMWH/UFH controls (level 1 and 2) and heparin plasma pool samples was included. Table 2 provides a summary of the data.

Table 1: INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin Reagent Reproducibility Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Site(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 1(Lot 553304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010* / 2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 / 1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015 / 3.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020 / 4.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 2(Lot 553404)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024 / 2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031 / 2.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP LMWH 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 5.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 6.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000 / 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031 / 19.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034 / 21.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP LMWH 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.717</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 1.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 2.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025 / 3.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP LMWH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018 / 1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.042 / 2.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.050 / 3.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 1(Lot 553504)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003 / 0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022 / 6.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024 / 7.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 2Lot 553604)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024 / 3.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP UFH 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 5.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 / 1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 3.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031 / 19.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033 / 20.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP UFH 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.719</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027 / 3.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031 / 4.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP UFH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018 / 1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.062 / 4.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.067 / 4.79</td></tr></table>

\*Note: Bolded values indicate whether a SD or $\overline { { \% \mathrm { C V } } }$ is used for acceptance criteria

Table 2: INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin Reagent Repeatability Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Lot(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 1Lot 553304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.443</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 2.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 / 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 / 1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 3.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 2Lot 553404)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 / 0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 1.85</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP LMWH 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 5.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 4.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 4.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 / 3.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 9.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP LMWH 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.703</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011 / 1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011/ 1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020 / 2.83</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP LMWH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017 /1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021 / 1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023 / 1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036 / 2.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 1(Lot 553504)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.315</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 / 0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 2.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 / 1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 3.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 2Lot 5553604)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.699</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025 / 3.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP UFH 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 4.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 / 2.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 5.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 / 2.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 7.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP UFH 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 1.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 1.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022 / 3.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PP UFH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 / 1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022 / 1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032 / 2.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044 / 3.30</td></tr></table>

\*Note: Bolded values indicate whether a SD or $\overline { { \% \mathrm { C V } } }$ is used for acceptance criteria.

Table 3 and Table 4 show the precision information for the calibration material. The reproducibility and repeatability of INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin Calibrators was tested. A 5-day study with two runs per day testing of four replicates was performed.

Table 3 (below) shows data for a reproducibility study using one lot of calibrator. The calibrator levels were run as samples on three internal sites by three operators on three BSC XP systems.

Table 3: INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin Calibrator Reproducibility Study (IU/mL)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Site(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>553803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011 / 2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 / 0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 / 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 3.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>553903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.829</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 / 0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 / 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 2.23</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>559303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 / 1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029 / 2.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 /0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034 / 2.77</td></tr></table>

\*Note: Bolded values indicate whether a SD or $\overline { { \% \mathrm { C V } } }$ is used for acceptance criteria.

In addition, Table 4 shows the data for repeatability. Three lots of calibrator were used in the study design and run as samples at one site.

Table 4: INNOVANCE $\textcircled{8}$ Heparin Calibrator Repeatability Study (IU/mL)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Lot(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 2(553802 /-03 /-04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 2.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004 / 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 / 3.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 3(553902 / -03 / -04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011 / 1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021 / 2.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 4(559302 / -03 / -04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 / 1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016 / 1.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012 / 0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021 / 1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033 / 2.69</td></tr></table>

\*Note: Bolded values indicate whether a SD or $\% { \mathsf { C V } }$ is used for acceptance criteria.

For reproducibility of the controls $( 2 0 \times 2 \times 2 )$ the data of one lot of control at three sites was measured and is shown in Table 5 (below).

Table 5: INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin Control Reproducibility Study (IU/mL)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(IU/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %(CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Site(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 1(553304)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.448</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 / 1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015 / 3.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020 / 4.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 2(553404)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024 / 2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031 / 2.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 1(553504)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 2.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003 / 0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006 / 1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022 / 6.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024 / 7.30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 2(553604)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024 / 3.29</td></tr></table>

\*Note: Bolded values indicate whether a SD or $\overline { { \% \mathrm { C V } } }$ is used for acceptance criteria.

The data of three lots of controls at one site is summarized in Table 6.

Table 6: INNOVANCE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Heparin Control Repeatability Study (IU/mL)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(IU/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-Run(SD, %(CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Run(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Day(, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between-Lot(SD, %CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total(SD, %CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 1(553302 / -03 /-04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011 / 2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000 / 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005 / 1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003 / 0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 2.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW CO 2(553402 / -03 /-04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014 / 1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007 / 0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019 / 1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026 / 2.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 1(553502 / -03 / -04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 / 2.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 / 0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003 / 0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 / 2.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013 / 3.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF CO 2(553602 / -03 /-04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.730</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011 / 1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 / 1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003 / 0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020 / 2.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025 / 3.47</td></tr></table>

\*Note: Bolded values indicate whether a SD or $\overline { { \% \mathrm { C V } } }$ is used for acceptance criteria.

# 7.2.2 Frozen vs. Fresh Method Comparison Study

The objective of this study was to perform a method comparison study to confirm comparability of results obtained when using either fresh or frozen samples. Per study design, a minimum of 60 samples covering the clinically reportable range was to compare fresh samples to those stored at $\yen 70 ^ { \circ } C$ after a minimum of one week.

Fresh samples were measured within four (4h) after blood collection. Within this timeframe one aliquot of all samples was prepared and stored at $\yen 70 °$ . After at least one week of storage time, the aliquot was thawed within ten (10) minutes at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ in a water bath, gently mixed and measured immediately within two (2) hours.

The study was performed at one study site in Germany. To ensure the study did not introduce bias, one reagent lot was used to exclude reagent lot- to-lot variability.

Results were analyzed by both Passing-Bablok regression analysis and Bland Altman analysis.   
All results met pre-established acceptance criteria for both Passing-Bablok and Bland Altman.

The results for Frozen vs. Fresh Method Comparison are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDP(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredictedBias(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredictedBias(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00</td></tr></table>

All acceptance criteria were met.

# 7.2.3 Method comparison

Method comparison studies designed according to CLSI: EP09-A3: Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline-Third Edition and were conducted at three sites including one external US site, where all sites used the same protocol. Frozen samples were thawed and measured on both the predicate device, Coamatic® Heparin assay on the ACL TOP, as well as the new device, INNOVANCE® Heparin assay on the ${ \mathsf { B C S } } ^ { \otimes }$ XP, in random order. Results from all sites combined were compared by PassingBablok regression analysis. Results met the pre-established acceptance criteria for slope, intercept and correlation coefficient. The following summary of Passing-Bablok regression analysis proves substantial equivalence between the INNOVANCE® Heparin assay and the predicate device.

INNOVANCE® Heparin on BCS XP vs. Coamatic® Heparin on the ACL TOP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient(r)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INNOVANCE@Heparin on BCS® XPSystem vs.Coamatic® Heparinon ACL TOP System(UFH samples only)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INNOVANCE®Heparin on BCS®XPSystem vs.Coamatic® Heparinon ACL TOP System(LMWH samplesonly)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

# 8 Traceability

# 8.1 Calibrator Traceability

INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator is traceable to the WHO Standard for UFH as well as the WHO Standard for LMWH.

# 8.2 Calibrator Stability

Unopened vials of INNOVANCE® Heparin Calibrator are stored at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until the expiration date printed on each carton. After reconstitution, calibrators are stable for 24 hours at $1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ and 48 hours at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# 8.3 Control Traceability

INNOVANCE® Heparin Controls are traceable to the WHO Standard for UFH as well as to the WHO Standard for LMWH.

# 8.4 Control Stability

Unopened vials of INNOVANCE® Heparin UF and LMW Controls are stored at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until the expiration date printed on each carton. After reconstitution, controls are stable for 24 hours at $1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , 48 hours at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and for 4 weeks at $\le - 1 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 9 Conclusion

The differences between the predicate devices and proposed reagents and calibrators do not result in a change to the intended use, the indications for use, or the safety and efficacy when used according to the product labeling. There were no differences found for the controls.