Diagnostica Stago   
$\mathrm { c / 0 }$ Carlo d'Alessandro   
Director, Quality and Regulatory   
Donawa Lifescience Consulting   
Piazza Albania, 10   
00153 Rome, Italy

Re: K162227 Trade/Device Name: STA®  Liatest® D-Di Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7320 Regulation Name: Fibrinogen/fibrin degradation products assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DAP Dated: November 7, 2016 Received: November 9, 2016

Dear Mr. d'Alessandro:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden tmorhcollectionomation etate veragehours p eon clude time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain thedata needed andcomplete and review the collection information. Sed comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

# Submitter Information:

Diagnostica Stago   
3, Allée Thérésa   
92600 Asnières sur Seine, France   
Contact name: Mr. Arnaud Berthier   
Market Access Operating Director   
Tel: $+ 3 3 1$ 46 88 21 01 (main) $+ 3 3 6 8 5 9 2 3 0 8 2$   
Fax: $+ 3 3 \ 1 \ 4 7 \ 3 3 \ 6 4 \ 6 0$

# Date of Submission:

05 August 2016

# Application Correspondent and Contact Person:

Mr. Carlo d'Alessandro,   
Director, IVD Quality and Regulatory   
Donawa Lifescience Consulting Srl   
Piazza Albania, 10 - 00153 Rome, Italy   
Tel: +39 06 578 2665   
Fax: $+ 3 9 0 6 5 7 4 3 7 8 6$   
cdalessandro@donawa.com

# Device Trade Name:

STA® - Liatest® D-Di

# Regulatory Information:

Classification Name: Regulatory Class: Panel: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Fibrinogen and fibrin split products, antigen, antiserum, control   
Class II   
Hematology   
DAP   
864.7320

Predicate Device: VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionT™M (K040882)

# Device Intended Use:

# New Device Intended Use

The $\mathbf { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di kit is an immuno-turbidimetric assay for the quantitative determination of D-dimer in venous plasma (in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate) for use on STA- $\mathbf { \mathcal { R } } ^ { \mathcal { \otimes } }$ , STA Compact® and STA Satellite® analyzers by professional laboratory personnel. The $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di is intended for use in conjunction with a clinical pretest probability (PTP) assessment model to exclude pulmonary embolism (PE) and deep venous thrombosis (DVT) in outpatients suspected of PE or DVT.

# Previous Device Intended Use

The $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di kit is an immuno-turbidimetric assay for the quantitative determination of D-dimer in venous plasma (in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate) for use on STA- $\mathbf { \cdot R } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ ,STA Compact® and STA Satellite® analyzers by professional laboratory personnel. The $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di is intended for use in conjunction with a clinical pretest probability (PTP) assessment model to exclude pulmonary embolism (PE) and as an aid in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) in outpatients suspected of PE or DVT.

# Device description:

$\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di kit contains: $6 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 5 \mathrm { - m l }$ vials of ready-for-use Tris buffer and $6 \mathrm { x } 6 \mathrm { - } \mathrm { m } 1$ vials of a suspension of microlatex particles coated with two different mouse monoclonal anti-human D-dimer antibodies (8D2 and 2.1.16) stabilized with bovine albumin.

The test principle is based on the change in turbidity of a microparticle suspension that is measured by photometry. A suspension of latex microparticles, coated by covalent bonding with monoclonal antibodies specific for D-dimer is mixed with the test plasma for which the D-dimer level is to be assayed. An antigen-antibody reaction takes place, leading to an agglutination of the latex microparticles which causes an increase in turbidity of the reaction medium. This increase in turbidity is reflected by an increase in absorbance, the latter being measured photometrically. The increase in absorbance is a function of the D-dimer level present in the test sample.

# Statement of technological characteristics of the device compared to predicate device:

The $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di kit and the Vidas® D-Dimer ExclusionTM (K040882) have different assay method and test principle. However, both kits are equivalent considering their intended use for excluding PE and DVT.

Similarities Chart with $V I D A S ^ { \textregistered }$ D-Dimer Exclusion™M (K040882)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest D-Di</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative determination of D-dimer in venous plasma (in 3.2%sodium citrate) for use on STA-R®,STA Compact® and STA Satellite®analyzers by professional laboratorypersonnel. The STA® - Liatest® D-Diis intended for use in conjunctionwith a clinical pretest probability(PTP) assessment model to excludepulmonary embolism (PE) and deepvenous thrombosis (DVT) inoutpatients suspected of PE or DVT.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated quantitative test for useon the VIDAS instruments for theimmunoenzymatic determination offibrin degradation products (FbDP)in human plasma (sodium citrate)using ELFA technique (EnzymeLinked Fluorescent Assay). Theassay is indicated for use inconjunction with a clinical pretestprobability assessment model toexclude deep vein thrombosis (DVT)and pulmonary embolism (PE)disease in outpatients suspected ofPE or DVT.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-Di</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte(s)measured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-dimer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 μg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL (same)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinicalperformances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For exclusion of PE on low andmoderate PTP population (n = 1130):Sensitivity = 97.0% (95% CI: 91.6%- 99.4%)NPV = 99.7% (95% CI: 99.2% -100.0%)For exclusion of DVT on low andmoderate PTP population (n = 980):Sensitivity: 100.0 % (95% CI: 95.8%- 100.0 %)NPV: 100.0 % (95% CI: 99.3 % -100.0 %)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For exclusion of PE on low andmoderate PTP population (n = 891):Sensitivity: 100.0 % (95% CI: 97.7%- 100.0 %)NPV: 100.0 % (95% CI: 98.7 % -100.0 %)For exclusion of DVT on low PTPpopulation (n = 295):Sensitivity: 100.0 % (95% CI: 81.5%- 100.0 %)NPV: 100.0 % (95% CI: 96.7 % -100.0 %)For exclusion of DVT on moderatePTP population (n=189):Sensitivity: 100.0 % (95% CI:80.5% - 100.0 %)NPV: 100.0 % (95% CI: 92.3 % -100.0 %)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anatomical Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not applicable.No direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not applicable.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Where Used:Hospital, home,ambulance, etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital Laboratory or other HealthCare Laboratory.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hospital Laboratory or other HealthCare Laboratory.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sterility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No sterility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No sterility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biocompatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No biocompatibility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No biocompatibility requirements.No direct patient contact.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemical Safety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No issues regarding chemical safetydue to no direct patient contact.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No issues regarding chemical safetydue to no direct patient contact.</td></tr></table>

# Differences Chart with $V I D A S ^ { \textregistered }$ D-Dimer ExclusionTM (K040882)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attributes orcharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest D-Di</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contents of theKit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two reagents.6 x 5-ml Vials of Reagent 1 (Buffer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- DD2 Reagent Strips- ready to use- 2x30 DD2 Solid Phase Receptors</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostica Stago,STA - Liatest® D-Di</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bioMérieux,VIDAS® D-Dimer ExclusionTMK040882</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 x 6-ml Vials of Reagent 2 (Latex)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(SPR)- 1 x 25-ml DD2 diluent Vial (liquid)- 3 x 2-ml Vials of C1 and C2control (lyophilized)- 2 x 2-ml Vials of S1 and S2calibrator (lyophilized)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immuno-turbidimetric method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELFA technique (Enzyme LinkedFluorescent Assay)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immuno-turbidimetric method basedon the measurement of lightabsorbance (at 540 nm) produced bya suspension of microlatex particlescoated with specific mouse anti-human D-dimer monoclonalantibodies.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay combines a two-stepenzyme immunoassay sandwichmethod with a final fluorescentdetection step (ELFA).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IVD analyzers of the STA® line.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VIDAS instruments</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Data:

A clinical multi-center study (16 sites over the United States, Europe and Canada), conducted according to CLSI H59-A, was performed to demonstrate the ability of $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di to safely rule-out DVT by using samples of prospective, consecutive, ambulatory outpatients (presenting at the emergency unit or outpatient clinic) suspected of having venous thromboembolism (VTE).

The study population was recruited from prospective, consecutive, ambulatory outpatients suspected of having DVT. After consenting, these patients were evaluated using the Wells score as pretest probability (PTP) model:

Patients with low or moderate PTP were considered for D-dimer testing: those with positive D-dimer result were considered for an imaging procedure those with negative D-dimer result were considered as not having DVT and assigned to a three month follow up.   
Patients with high PTP were considered for an imaging procedure and not included   
in the study's primary analyses.

D-dimer assays were carried out using $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di on fresh plasma samples or on frozen plasma samples tested within 30 days of blood collection.

For primary efficacy analysis the population of interest was limited to patients with a PTP result low or moderate. In this group, only patients with a negative D-dimer result had a follow up call or visit at 3 months.

T  u as  u  n u procedures according to standard of care.

# Results:

980 samples of patients with a low or moderate PTP were included in the primary efficacy analyses (79 suspects of DVT and PE and 901 suspects of DVT only).

Of the 980 samples, 85 were from DVT positive and 895 from DVT negative patients.

The overall prevalence of DVT (low and moderate PTP patients with positive imaging) in the prospective study population was $8 . 4 \%$ with $6 . 0 \%$ in the US population and $9 . 8 \%$ in the European/Canadian ("out of US") population.

Primary efficacy analyses of the study included calculation of two co-primary parameters: Negative Predicted Value (NPV) and Sensitivity which were tested versus four (4) performance goals—two using $9 5 \ \%$ two-sided confidence intervals (CI) and two versus point estimates.

All the efficacy parameters with upper and lower limit of $9 5 \ \%$ confidence intervals (CI) were calculated in the overall study population, and separately for the US population and the "out of US" population with the $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di clinical cut-off of $0 . 5 0 ~ { \mu \mathrm { g / m l } }$ (FEU) in the $( \mathrm { l o w } +$ moderate) PTP group of patients.

Results obtained for each study population are detailed below:

Table 1 Results obtained on the overall prospective study population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>486</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>494</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>895</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>980</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 100% (95.8% - 100%) Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 55.2% (51.9% - 58.5%) NPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 100% (99.3% - 100%) PPV $( 9 5 ~ \% \mathrm { ~ C I } ) =$ 17.5% (14.2% - 21.2%)

Table 2 Results obtained on the US prospective study population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 100% $8 4 . 6 \% - 1 0 0 \% )$ Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 58.2% (52.8% - 63.5%) NPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 100% (98.2% - 100%) PPV $( 9 5 ~ \% \mathrm { ~ C I } ) =$ 13.2% (8.4% - 19.3%)

Table 3 Results obtained on the "out of US" prospective study population   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Out of US</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reference (imaging or 3-month follow-up)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>D-dimer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>319</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>548</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>611</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 100% $( 9 4 . 3 \% - 1 0 0 \% )$ Specificity $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 53.3% (49.0%-57.5%) NPV $( 9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } ) =$ 100% (98.7%-100%) PPV $( 9 5 ~ \% \mathrm { ~ C I } ) =$ 19.7% (15.5%-24.5%)

This study demonstrates that the $\operatorname { S T A } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ - Liatest® D-Di is effective in excluding deep venous thrombosis (DVT) in patient with a low or moderate PTP and a D-dimer level $< 0 . 5 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m l }$ (FEU) with a NPV of $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ (confidence interval $9 5 \ \%$ : $9 9 . 3 \%$ to $100 \%$ )according to CLSI H59-A requirements and with a Sensitivity of $100 \%$ (confidence interval $9 5 \ \%$ .. $9 5 . 8 \%$ to $100 \%$ These results meet both confirmatory hypotheses relating to NPV and Sensitivity.