Aggredyne, Inc. Mr. Philip C. Speros Chief Operating Officer 10530 Rockley Road Houston, Texas 77099

Re: K163274 Trade Name: AggreGuide A-100 AA Assay, AggreGuide A-100 Instrument Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5700 Regulation Name: Automated platelet aggregation system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JOZ Dated: November 18, 2016 Received: November 21, 2016

Dear Mr. Speros:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related

Page 2 – Mr. Philip C. Speros

adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, sMisbranding by reference to premarket notifications (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/ Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K163274

Device Name AggreGuide A-100 AA assay AggreGuide A-100 Instrument

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92(c).

# 1. Submitter

Aggredyne, Inc.   
10530 Rockley Road   
Suite 150   
Houston, TX 99077   
713-636-5996   
866-800-1955   
Philip Speros, Ph.D.   
psperos@aggredyne.com

# 2. Device

Trade Name(s): AggreGuide A-100 AA assay   
AggreGuide A-100 Instrument   
Common Name: Platelet aggregation test   
The AggreGuide A-100 AA assay and AggreGuide A-100 Instrument are classified as Class II. No performance standards have been established under Section 514 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act for automated platelet aggregation test systems.   
Product Code: JOZ   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5700   
Classification Name: System, Automated Platelet Aggregation

# 3. Predicate Device

The predicate device(s) used for the determination of substantial equivalence are the previously-cleared AggreGuide A-100 AA assay and AggreGuide A-100 Instrument, 510(k) document number K122162.

# 4. Device Description

The AggreGuide A-100 is a laser light scattering system that detects the level of platelet aggregation induced by arachidonic acid agonist in whole blood in motion. The system consists of an instrument and a disposable assay cartridge with pre-loaded freeze dried agonist. A whole blood sample is added to a disposable cartridge that is preloaded with freeze dried arachidonic acid agonist (AA) in a reaction chamber for an individual test. The amount of platelet aggregation is measured by detecting the laser light scattering caused by platelet aggregates. Aspirin is known to inhibit the level of platelet aggregation, or activity, when blood is mixed with arachidonic acid.

# 5. Indications for Use

The AggreGuide A-100 AA Assay is a qualitative system to aid in the detection of platelet dysfunction due to aspirin ingestion by those 18 years of age or older in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated venous whole blood using the AggreGuide A-100 instrument. For professional use. This test is not for use in patients with underlying congenital platelet abnormalities, patients with non-aspirin induced acquired platelet abnormalities or in patients receiving non-aspirin anti-platelet agents. The test results should be interpreted in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data available to the clinician.

# 6. Comparison with Predicate Device

The predicate device(s) used for the determination of substantial equivalence are the previously-cleared AggreGuide A-100 AA assay and AggreGuide A-100 Instrument, 510(k) document number K122162.

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate Device (K122162)</td><td>Current Device</td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td>AggreGuide A-100</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Number</td><td>864.5700</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>JOZ</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Principle of Operation</td><td>Platelet aggregation with detection of laser light scattering</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>The AggreGuide A-100 AA Assay is a qualitative system to aid in the detection of platelet dysfunction due to aspirin ingestion by those 18 years of age or older in 3.2% citrated venous whole blood using the AggreGuide A-100 instrument. For professional use. This test is not for use in patients with underlying congenital platelet abnormalities, patients with non- aspirin induced acquired platelet abnormalities or in patients receiving non-aspirin anti-platelet agents. The test results should be interpreted in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory data available to the</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>clinician. The AggreGuide device is intended for patients for whom detecting platelet dysfunction in response to arachidonic acid may be desirable, such as those who are on or are candidates for antiplatelet therapy.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Type Test Cartridges</td><td>3.2% sodium citrate-anticoagulated whole blood</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Agonist Concentration</td><td>Single-use disposable</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Used for Platelet Activation</td><td>Arachidonic Acid, 1 mM</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Test Procedure</td><td>Manual addition of blood sample to test cartridge, automated assay and generation of results</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Time to Result Sample Volume</td><td>5 minutes</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Required</td><td>164 μL</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Results Displayed Calibration</td><td>Platelet Activity Index (PAI) Performed at Factory</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sterility</td><td>Not sterile</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Laser Diode Part</td><td>Sanyo DL-4140-001S</td><td>QSI QL7816SA-L</td></tr><tr><td>Quality Control</td><td>QC quality control cartridge for instrument self-check</td><td>Modified quality control QC2</td></tr><tr><td>Cartridge Software</td><td>Version 4.91</td><td>cartridge Version 5.10</td></tr><tr><td>Test Cartridge Shelf Life</td><td>12 months</td><td>18months</td></tr><tr><td>User&#x27;s Manual</td><td>LBL-0014-C</td><td>LBL-0014-E</td></tr></table>

# 7. Summary of Performance Data

The risk analysis method used to assess the impact of the modifications was ISO 14971:2007, “Medical devices -- Application of risk management to medical devices”.

Additional modification-specific criteria were applied to each modification as necessary and as noted in the body of the 510(k).

The results of the laser diode part replacement verification and validation activities demonstrated acceptable performance.

The results of the QC2 implementation process and verification and validation activities demonstrated acceptable performance.

The results of software and design verification and validation activities demonstrated acceptable performance.

The results from stability testing using an isochronous testing paradigm supported the shelf-life extension to 18 months based on acceptance criteria of ±1 PAI unit.

The results of User’s Manual revision activities showed acceptable validation and verification results.

# 8. Conclusions

The modified AggreGuide A-100 AA assay and AggreGuide A-100 Instrument have the following similarities to those which previously received 510(k) clearance:

• have the same indicated use, • use the same operating principle, • incorporate the same basic design, • incorporate the same reagents, and are packaged using the same materials and processes.

The modifications did not require collection of clinical performance data. In addition, the results of design verification and validation tests do not raise new issues of safety and effectiveness.

In summary, the AggreGuide A-100 AA assay and AggreGuide A-100 Instrument described in this submission are, in our opinion, substantially equivalent to the predicate device.