+VMZ

ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS OPERATIONS  
PATTY BATES  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS PRINCIPAL  
9115 HAGUE ROAD  
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 46250

Re: K163633 Trade/Device Name: cobas HbA1c Test, cobas b 101 System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LCP, JJE Dated: June 15, 2017 Received: June 16, 2017

Dear Patty Bates:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: January 31, 2017 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k163633 Device Name</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)   
al (PoC) locations.

HA1c tesThe cobas HbA1cTest is an invitro diagnostic test designed t quantitatively determie gycat opiy o oesallt sM hemoglobin Alc indicate uncontrolled diabetes in a patient.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Theburentieor h colectinnforation stateoveragehours per sponse,ncud e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and coplete and review the collection fnformation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# cobas b 101 system 510(k) Summary

k163633

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the cobas b 101 system and cobas HbA1c Test.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patty BatesPhone: (317) 521-4572FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: patty.bates@roche.comTracy BushPhone: (317) 521-3723FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: tracy.bush@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>November 30 , 2016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas HbA1c Testcobas b 101 system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test system for HbAlcDiscrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycosylated hemoglobin assay  Class IIAnalyzer, chemistry (Photometric, discrete), for clinical use  Class I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCP, 21 CFR 864.7470JJE, 21 CFR 862.2160</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DCA Vantage</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

# 1.1. System: cobas b 101 system

The cobas b 101 system is a bench top analyzer which measures HbA1c. The system is fully automated, self-contained and utilizes a single use reagent disc. The system has the ability to measure capillary or venous whole blood samples. Sample is applied directly from the fingerstick or via a pipette when testing venous whole blood. The operator simply applies sample to the disc and places the disc in the instrument. There are no pre-analytics needed as the disc is self-filling by capillary forces. There is no intervention by the operator during measurement. At completion of the test, the instrument displays a quantitative result. No calculations or interpretation are required by the operator.

Calibration of the instrument is completed as part of the manufacturing process. Calibration information is contained on each disc and is read when the disc is loaded on the instrument. No calibration intervention is required by the operator.

An optional barcode scanner can be provided to read barcode information for patient identification. The barcode scanner uses LED as the light source. Results can be printed out by using an optional external printer.

A connection to a Data Management System is possible either via a USB interface to a local PC or via an Ethernet converted to a Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS). The communication protocol is defined according to the CLSI approved POCT1-A2 standard.

# 1.2. Reagent: cobas HbA1c Test

HbA1c (glycated hemoglobin) can be determined by using samples from capillary blood directly from the fingertip or from venous whole blood with heparin or EDTA $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ or ${ \mathrm { K } } _ { 3 }$ ) anticoagulant. The blood sample is diluted and mixed with TRIS buffer to release hemoglobin from the erythrocytes. A fraction of the sample is conveyed into a reaction chamber where it is mixed with sodium lauryl sulfate (SLS). SLS is used to form the SLS-hemoglobin complex. The concentration of total hemoglobin is calculated by measuring SLS-hemoglobin complex with a wavelength of $5 2 5 \mathrm { n m }$ . Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in another fraction of the sample is first

denaturated by potassium ferricyanide and sucrose laurate. The denatured HbA1c bonds with HbA1c antibody on the latex particle. Latex agglutination inhibition reaction then occurs by reacting the agglutinator that has synthetic antigen which can bond with HbA1c antibody. The concentration of HbA1c is calculated by measuring the latex agglutination inhibition reaction with a wavelength of $6 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n m } }$ . The $\%$ hemoglobin A1c value is measured using a ratio of concentrations of HbA1c to total hemoglobin.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# 2.1. System: cobas b 101 system

The cobas b 101 instrument is a multi-assay system designed to quantitatively analyze cobas reagent discs. The system is intended for professional, in vitro diagnostic use in a clinical laboratory setting or point-of-care (PoC) locations.

# 2.2. Reagent: cobas HbA1c Test

The cobas HbA1c Test is an in vitro diagnostic test designed to quantitatively determine glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in capillary finger-stick or venous whole blood, collected in EDTA $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ ) or lithium heparin tubes, on the cobas b 101 instrument. This test is intended for professional use in a clinical laboratory setting or point-of-care (PoC) locations. This test is not for screening or diagnosis of diabetes or neonatal use. Measurement of hemoglobin A1c is used to monitor long term blood glucose control in patients previously diagnosed with diabetes.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following tables compare the cobas b 101 system with its predicate devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas b 101 system and cobasHbA1c Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DCA Vantage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K071466</td></tr></table>

Table 1: Instrument and Assay Comparison   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: DCA Vantage (k071466)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device: cobas b 101system/cobas HbA1c Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DCA VantageTM is a semi-automated,benchtop system. It is designed toquantitatively measure the percentHemoglobin A1c in blood and lowconcentrations of albumin in urine(microalbuinuria), creatinine in urine, andalbumin/creatinine ratio in urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cobas b 101 instrument is amulti-assay system designed toquantitatively analyze cobasreagent discs. The system isintended for professional, in vitrodiagnostic use in a clinicallaboratory setting or point-of-care(PoC) locations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This assay provides a convenient,quantitative method for measuring thepercent concentration of hemoglobin A1c inblood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cobas HbA1c Test is an invitro diagnostic test designed toquantitatively determine glycatedhemoglobin (HbA1c) in capillaryfinger-stick or venous wholeblood, collected in EDTA (K2 orK) or lithium heparin tubes, onthe cobas b 101 instrument. Thistest is intended for professionaluse in a clinical laboratory settingor point-of-care (PoC) locations.This test is not for screening ordiagnosis of diabetes or neonataluse.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The measurement of hemoglobin A1cconcentration is recommended formonitoring the long-term care of personswith diabetes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of hemoglobin A1cis used to monitor long termblood glucose control in patientspreviously diagnosed withdiabetes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Latex agglutination - inhibition immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">photometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applications/Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;6 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type/Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood: capillary and venous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Anticoagulants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA, heparin, fluoride/oxalate, citrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA, lithium heparin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Total Hemoglobin Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-24 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-20 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample collected in capillary holder. Holderinserted into cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample collected directly to thedisc or by transfer of sampleusing pipette or dropper.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal antibody agglutination reaction;intensity of light transmitted is measured byspectrophotometry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Latex agglutination - inhibitionimmunoassay reaction todetermine HbA1c by change oftransmission of light; extent oflight scatter is measured byspectrophotometry.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration card for each reagent lot;nocalibration by operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration information read fromeach reagent disc; no calibrationby operator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability/Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IFCC, NGSP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 months at room temp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-30 °C (36-86 F) for 16months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Temperature Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-3261-88 °F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15-32 59-90 °F</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5-14% HbA1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-12% HbA1c</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following internal performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision Linearity Hemoglobin Linearity Endogenous Interferences – Bilirubin/Lipemia/Glucose/Rheumatoid Factor Exogenous Interferences – Drugs Cross-reactivity – Carbamylated Hemoglobin, Acetylated Hemoglobin, Labile HbA1c, HbA0, HbA1a, HbA1b Hemoglobin Variants • Stability

# 4.1. Precision

Internal precision of the cobas HbA1c Test was evaluated according to CLSI EP05-A3 on one cobas b 101 instrument with 2 cobas HbA1c Test disc lots and 1 cobas HbA1c Control lot. Two control samples and $3 \mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ venous whole blood samples were measured over 21 days. The protocol consisted of measuring the sample material in duplicate in 2 runs per day

for 21 days producing $\scriptstyle \mathrm { n = } 8 4$ results per sample. Samples and runs were randomized each day.   
Table 3 below summarizes the precision results.

Table 2: Internal Precision Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1cControl Level1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1cControl Level2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

Note: SD of zero due to variance contributed by particular component was below stated significant figure.

External precision of the cobas b 101 HbA1c assay was performed according to CLSI EP05-A3 at 3 Point-of-Care sites. At each site, the samples were measured in duplicate 2x/day for 21 days for a total of $\mathrm { n } = 8 4$ measurements. Six cobas b 101 instruments with 3 reagent disc lots were used in the study. Each PoC site assessed 2 reagent disc lots on 2 cobas b 101 instruments. Three lots of controls and 4 human sample pools were tested. The results are summarized in the table below.

Table 3: External Precision Data   

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Control Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Control Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Combined</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

The linearity study was conducted to demonstrate that measurements across the claimed measuring range for the cobas HbA1c Test are linear. The study was performed according to CLSI guideline EP06-A.

The linearity study was performed on the cobas b 101 system by measuring 11 dilutions of a low ( $3 . 6 \%$ HbA1c) and high ( $1 2 . 9 \%$ HbA1c) $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ whole blood sample. The linearity data were analyzed with regards to linear, quadratic and cubic polynomials according to CLSI EP06-A. In a first step, a linearity check was performed with a first order (linear) regression and then with higher order models (quadratic and cubic). The coefficients obtained for the higher order models were then tested for significance. In the event that the coefficients obtained for the higher order models were not significant, the data was considered linear. Otherwise, non-linearity was detected.

In the latter case, the higher order model must not deviate more than the acceptance criteria for the first order regression at the corresponding concentration values. Calculation of deviation from linearity was based on the third order model. The linearity results are in the table below:

Table 4: Linearity Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed MeasuringRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9961</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 12% HbA1c</td></tr></table>

# 4.3. Hemoglobin Linearity

The hemoglobin linearity study was conducted to assess the linearity of HbA1c measurements throughout the specified total hemoglobin concentration range of the cobas HbA1c Test.

One lot of reagent was utilized in this study. Four $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ and Li-Heparin venous whole blood samples across the HbA1c concentration range of approx. $4 . 5 - 1 4 \%$ HbA1c and a high total hemoglobin concentration of approx. $2 2 \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { d L }$ were used. For each sample, a 10-level dilution series was prepared using NaCl as diluent.

Each sample and dilution level was tested in triplicate. The median of these 3 replicates was used for calculations. In addition to the calculated Hb-concentration, each dilution level sample was measured on the Sysmex KX-21 (FDA clearance k981761).

All results are within the acceptance criteria. The cobas b 101 measures HbA1c in presence of total hemoglobin concentrations between $6 - 2 0 \ \mathrm { g / d L }$ .

# 4.4. Analytical Sensitivity

Please see linearity study.

# 4.5. Endogenous Interferences

# 4.5.1. Albumin/Bilirubin/Lipemia/Glucose/Rheumatoid Factor/ /Total Protein

The effect on quantitation of HbA1c in the presence of endogenous interfering substances was determined on the cobas b 101 system using the cobas HbA1c Test. The interference study was performed according to CLSI guideline EP07-A2. Sample pool material was $\mathrm { K _ { 2 } E D T A }$ venous whole blood with a concentration of approximately 5.5 and $> 9 . 0 \%$ HbA1c.

For each interferent, a separate stock solution containing the potentially interfering material was prepared. All pools were prepared using $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ venous whole blood. Two HbA1c levels, one in the normal and another in the pathological range, were evaluated for each of the endogenous substances.

To achieve the target high concentration interferent pool (high sample pool), pooled whole blood was spiked with the interferent. Another pool (low sample pool), without interferent, was created by dilution of the pooled whole blood with the same volume of diluent as the high sample pool. This pool contains no interferent and serves as the reference pool for the testing. The high and low sample pools were mixed in different ratios to yield a dilution series with varying concentrations of the interferent.

There was no significant interference found up to the tested concentrations. The table below summarizes the results and claims for the endogenous substances.

Table 5: Potentially Interfering Endogenous Substances Results Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EndogenousSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Level Tested with NoSignificant Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling Claim:No significant interference up to</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.5 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia / Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemia / Native Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>694 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2800 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 g/L</td></tr></table>

# 4.6. Exogenous Interferences – Drugs

The effect on quantitation of HbA1c in the presence of exogenous interfering substances was determined on the cobas b 101 system with the cobas HbA1c Test.

The table below lists the potential exogenous interferents and the concentrations tested:

Table 6: Potentially Interfering Drugs and Test Concentrations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Level Tested with NoSignificant Interference (mg/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin-Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa +1,5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycycline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalycilic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The interference study was performed according to CLSI guideline EP07-A2. For each substance, a separate stock solution containing the potentially interfering drug was prepared. All pools were prepared using $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ venous whole blood. To achieve the target concentration drug pool, pooled whole blood was spiked with the drug. Another pool, without drug, was created by dilution of the pooled whole blood with the same volume of diluent as the high concentration drug pool. This pool contains no drug and serves as the reference pool for the testing. Each sample was tested in 5 replicates and the mean value used for the assessment. No interference was found at therapeutic concentrations using common drug panels.

# 4.7. Cross-Reactivity

4.7.1. Carbamylated Hemoglobin, Acetylated Hemoglobin and Labile HbA1c The effect on quantitation of HbA1c in the presence of potential cross-reactants was determined on the cobas b 101 system with the cobas HbA1c Test. The study was performed according to CLSI guideline EP07-A2. Sample pool material was $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ venous whole blood with a concentration of approximately 5.5 and $> 9 . 0 \%$ HbA1c.

To prepare the carbamylated Hb high sample pool, sodium cyanate (final concentration is 3000 $\mathrm { m g / d L ) }$ in isotonic saline is added to the whole blood sample. For the low sample pool, the same volume of isotonic saline (no sodium cyanate) is added to the whole blood sample.

To prepare the acetylated Hb high sample pool, acetylsalicylic acid in $7 5 \%$ Ethyl Alcohol (final concentration is $3 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } ) }$ is added to the whole blood sample. For the low sample pool, the same volume of $7 5 \%$ Ethyl Alcohol (no acetylsalicylic acid) is added to whole blood sample.

To prepare the labile HbA1c high sample pool, glucose in isotonic saline (final concentration is $3 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } ) }$ ) is added to the whole blood sample and incubated for one hour at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . For the low sample pool, the same volume of isotonic saline (no glucose) is added to the whole blood sample.

For each interferent, a separate stock solution containing the potentially interfering cross-reactant was prepared. All pools were prepared using $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ venous whole blood. Two HbA1c levels, one in the normal and another in the pathological range, were evaluated for each of the crossreactants.

To achieve the target high concentration cross-reactant pool (high sample pool), pooled whole blood was spiked with the cross-reactant. Another pool (low sample pool), without crossreactant, was created by dilution of the pooled whole blood with the same volume of diluent as the high sample pool. This pool contains no cross-reactant and serves as the reference pool for the testing. The high and low sample pools were mixed in different ratios to yield a dilution series with varying concentrations of the cross-reactant. Each dilution level was tested in singlicate on 3 instruments and the median was used for calculations.

No relevant cross-reactivity was found up to the listed concentrations. The table below summarizes the results and claims for the hemoglobin derivative cross-reactants.

Table 7: Hemoglobin Derivative Cross-reactant Results and Claims   

<table><tr><td>Cross-reactant</td><td>Highest Level Tested with No Significant Interference</td><td>Physiologically occurring concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Carbamylated Hb</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td><td>750 -1100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylated Hb</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td><td>320 - 500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Labile HbA1c</td><td>3000 mg/dL</td><td>430 - 650 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 4.7.2. HbA0

A correlation analysis was performed. Correlation was determined between increasing amounts of hemoglobin (and hence HbA0) and the $\%$ relative bias of measured HbA1c using the cobas b 101 and the reference system cobas c 501. The HbA1c values were measured from approximately $6 0 \mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ whole blood samples with cobas b 101 and cobas c 501 as the reference system. Total hemoglobin was measured with the reference system cobas c 501.

The relative bias between HbA1c results from cobas b 101 and cobas c 501 was calculated and plotted against the measured amounts of hemoglobin. A linear regression and the corresponding Pearson’s correlation coefficient was calculated.

The data supports the claims that at physiologically occurring concentrations, no cross reactions with HbA0 were found.

# 4.7.3. HbA1a and HbA1b

A separate stock solution containing the potential cross-reactant HbA1a+b was prepared. This stock solution consisted of $\mathrm { \sim } 1 0 . 3 5 \mathrm { m g / m l }$ HbA1a+b diluted in buffer. Ten dilutions of the stock were prepared at varying $_ { \mathrm { H b A l a + b } }$ concentrations. These samples were mixed with a normal and pathological $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ whole blood sample to create 11 $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA samples of varying HbA1a+b concentrations.

All $\mathrm { K _ { 2 } E D T A }$ samples were measured in triplicate on the cobas b 101 instrument resulting in $\mathrm { n } { = } 3 3$ results per sample type (normal and pathological). The median value for each sample was used for calculation.

Because the instrument only reports the HbA1c concentrations and not the individual concentrations of A1c and total Hemoglobin, the expected HbA1c concentrations were calculated based on the c501 results for A1c and Hb total.

The results obtained met the predefined acceptance criteria. These results support the crossreactivity claims in the labeling that at physiologically occurring concentrations, no cross reactions with HbA1a and HbA1b were found.

# 4.8. Hemoglobin Variants

Hemoglobin variant testing was conducted to determine if there is any significant interference with the major hemoglobin variants and the cobas HbA1c Test. Hemoglobin variants are structurally altered hemoglobin molecules with at least one amino acid exchange compared to the normal beta chain of hemoglobin. These changes are caused by mutations in the coding region of the globin genes which encode the protein part of hemoglobin. The most common hemoglobin variants are HbS, HbC, HbD and HbE. Moreover, in some conditions, the fetal hemoglobin HbF is elevated. Also, the erythrocytes of some patients (e.g. beta thalassemia minor) contain elevated levels of HbA2. It is crucial to ensure accurate HbA1c results from patients who are carriers of these variants.

Table 8: Hemoglobin Variant Samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Variant</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-41%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-36%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36-42%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 27%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-29%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3 - 6.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr></table>

Each sample was tested once in at least one run on 1 cobas b 101 instrument. A total of 130 samples were measured with a sample range of $4 . 3 5 \substack { - 1 1 . 5 8 \% }$ HbA1c. Reference methods were selected based on no interference for a particular variant. Results obtained were compared to those obtained with the reference methods. Mean values of triplicate measurements on the reference systems were used for comparison. Non-significant interference was defined as $\leq \pm$ $10 \%$ difference between the candidate and reference methods.

The results obtained met the defined acceptance criteria for HbAS, HbAC, HbAD, HbAE and HbA2. HbF interference can be excluded up to an HbF concentration of $10 \%$ .

The sponsor has the following limitations in the labeling:

Heterozygous presence of the most common hemoglobin variants (HbAS, HbAC, HbAD, HbAE, HbA2) does not interfere.

Specimens containing high amounts of HbF $( > 1 0 ~ \% )$ may result in lower than expected $\%$ HbA1c values (DCCT/NGSP).

# 4.9. Traceability

The cobas HbA1c Test has been standardized against the approved IFCC reference method for the measurement of hemoglobin A1c in human blood. The cobas b 101 instrument reports values in $\%$ hemoglobin A1c traceable to DCCT/NGSP by calculation. The cobas b 101 is certified with the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program (NGSP). The certification expires in one year. See NGSP website for current certification at http://www.ngsp.org.

# 4.10. Stability

The studies were performed according to CLSI guideline EP025-A. The cobas reagent disks can be stored at $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 16 months. The stability studies were found to be acceptable and support the claimed stability.

# 4.11. Expected Values

In 2016, the American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommended a reasonable A1c goal for many nonpregnant adults is $< 7 ~ \%$ $( 5 3 \mathrm { m m o l / m o l } )$ . Providers might reasonably suggest more stringent A1C goals (such as $6 . 5 \%$ $( 4 8 \mathrm { m m o l / m o l } )$ ) for selected individual patients if this can be achieved without significant hypoglycemia or other adverse effects of treatment. Appropriate patients might include those with short duration of diabetes, type 2 diabetes treated with lifestyle or metformin only, long life expectancy, or no significant cardiovascular disease. Less stringent A1C goals (such as $8 \%$ $\mathrm { \langle 6 4 \ m m o l / m o l \rangle }$ ) may be appropriate for patients with a history of severe hypoglycemia, limited life expectancy, advanced microvascular or macrovascular complications, extensive comorbid conditions, or longstanding diabetes in whom the general goal is difficult to attain despite diabetes self-management education, appropriate glucose monitoring, and effective doses of multiple glucose-lowering agents including insulin.

Source: American Diabetes Association. Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes-2016. Diabetes Care. 2016 Jan;39 Suppl. 1: S1-S112.

# 5. EXTERNAL (CLINICAL) TESTING

The following external performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision (see Section 4.1) Method Comparison to Reference Method Matrix Comparison – Anticoagulants

# 5.1. Method Comparison

# 5.1.1. Method Comparison versus Reference

Method Comparison of the cobas b 101 HbA1c assay was performed according to CLSI EP09- A3 at 3 Point of Care sites. Capillary whole blood and venous whole blood (EDTA $( \mathrm { K } _ { 2 } )$ and LiHeparin) from prospective blood sampling were measured on the cobas b 101 in singlicate. No contrived samples were tested. Venous EDTA $( \mathrm { K } _ { 2 } )$ whole blood was measured on the Tosoh G8 HPLC Analyzer as the reference method. For capillary whole blood, the range tested was 4.3- $1 1 . 6 \%$ HbA1c. For EDTA $( \mathrm { K } _ { 2 } )$ whole blood, the range tested was $4 . 4 \mathrm { - } 1 1 . 4 \%$ HbA1c. For Lithium Heparin whole blood, the range tested was $4 . 3 \substack { - 1 1 . 6 \% }$ HbA1c. The Passing Bablok regression results are listed in the tables below.

Table 9: Capillary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson&#x27;s r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

Table 10: EDTA ${ \bf K } _ { 2 }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson&#x27;s r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 0.97x+0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

Table 11: Lithium Heparin   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson&#x27;s r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.00x-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

# 5.2. Matrix Comparison

A matrix study was performed using EDTA $( \mathrm { K } _ { 2 } )$ whole blood (reference) and EDTA $( \mathrm { K } _ { 3 } )$ whole blood. Ninety one samples were collected and tested in singlicate on the cobas b 101. No samples were contrived. The Passing Bablok regression results are shown in the table below.

Table 12: cobas b101 EDTA $( \mathbf { K } _ { 2 } )$ WB vs EDTA $\mathbf { ( K } _ { 3 } )$ WB   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson&#x27;s r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y = 1.03x-0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

# 6. SYSTEM DESCRIPTIONS

# 6.1. Modes of Operation:

Does the applicant’s device contain the ability to transmit data to a computer, webserver, or mobile device?

Yes X or No _

Does the applicant’s device contain the ability to transmit data to a computer, webserver, or mobile device using wireless transmission?

Yes or No X

# 6.2. Software

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and software development processes for this line of product types:

Yes X or No

The applicant has provided documentation that indicates the device was designed and developed under good software life-cycle processes.

# 6.3. Specimen Identification

A barcode reader or keyboard may be used to enter patient information. Results are displayed on the screen and can be printed out by using an optional external printer.

# 6.4. Specimen Sampling and Handling

There are no pre-analytics needed. If a fingerstick is performed, the disc allows direct blood application straight from the fingertip to the disc. If a venous blood sample is drawn, the sample is transferred from the collection tube to the disc using a pipette or dropper. The disc is selffilling by capillary forces so that exact pipetting is not necessary. The test is completed in $< 6$ minutes.

# 6.5. Calibration

Calibration information is contained on each disc and is specific to each lot of reagent. The instrument automatically reads in the lot-specific calibration data from the barcode information printed on the cobas HbA1c Test disc. There is no calibration needed by the user.

# 6.6. Quality control

Two levels of controls are provided which are below and above the respective thresholds. Controls are used to check the system performance. The controls are liquid ready to use and include a dropper for easy application of the control liquid to the disc. The HbA1c control is a whole blood based matrix. Target ranges will be assigned per each control lot and checked with each disc lot. The mean value shall meet a defined target range to reflect a normal or pathologic value respectively based on cut-off points which are recommended e.g. by American Diabetes Association (ADA).

# 7. CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION Not applicable.

# 8. CONCLUSIONS

Based on the information provided in this submission, the cobas b 101 HbA1c system is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.