Immunostics, Inc. Antoinette Prusik Director Regulatory Affairs 1750 Brielle Ave. Suite A5 Ocean, New Jersey 07712

Re: K163554 Trade/Device Name: hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.6550 Regulation Name: Occult Blood Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: KHE Dated: December 15, 2016 Received: December 19, 2016

Dear Ms. Prusik:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA’s issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must

comply with all the Act’s requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, -Misbranding by reference to premarket notification- (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH’s Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Leonthena R. Carrington, MS, MBA, MT(ASCP) Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K163554

Device Name hema-screen ER XCEL™M Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenoolletionoatonat vus nc eviwnstrctins, ear exisng at soures athe nmaintaindat eede d cople a review the collectinnformatinSe comments egardng h burden estimate r haspet of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of i sp l .

# Special 510(k) Summary

# hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of 21 CFR, Section 807.92.

Date Summary prepared: December $1 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } } 2 0 1 6$

# Regulatory Correspondent

Immunostics, Inc.   
1750 Brielle Ave Ste A5   
Ocean, New Jersey 07712   
Phone No.: (732) 918-0770   
Fax No.: (732) 918-0618   
Contact: Antoinette Prusik   
E-mail: aprusik@immunostics.com   
Website: www.immunostics.com   
Establishment Registration Number: 2244821

# Device Information

Trade Name: hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test   
Common Name: Reagent, Occult Blood   
Regulation Name: Occult Blood Test   
Product Code: KHE

Regulation: 21 CFR $\ S$ 864.6550

Predicate Device: hema-scree nTM ER Predicate 510(k) Number: K102664

Intended Use/Indications for Use(s):

hema-screen ER XCELTM is a rapid, convenient, and non-offensive qualitative method for detecting occult blood in the stool. It is intended for professional use as an aid in the diagnosis of asymptomatic gastrointestinal conditions that may manifest themselves by the presence of occult blood in the stool. This test is recommended for use in routine hospital testing, mass screening programs for colorectal cancer, and in testing of postoperative patients and newborn infants.

# Quality Microbiological, Serological and Immunological Reagents

# Device Description: Subject Device

# hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test

Principles of Test

hema-screen ER XCELTM in its original concept as slides and tape was designed to offer the hospital, mass screening programs and clinical laboratories a convenient rapid method for handling fecal specimens in testing for occult blood. hema-screen ER XCELTM is especially useful for mass screening programs as its enhanced readability feature facilitates the technicians’ ability to make a determination.

hema-screen ER XCELTM eliminates the mess and odors associated with the collection and transport of fecal specimens. Slides can be prepared at the patient’s bedside and placed in a sealed envelope or by the patient at home and mailed to the hospital or laboratory in an inoffensive manner for development and evaluation.

hema-screen ER XCELT M single slides are convenient for use when single stool specimens are to be tested. A single test is indicated when blood loss in the gastrointestinal tract is strongly suspected, for example, in persons with symptoms of ulcers, anemia, black stools or postoperative patients.

hema-screen ER XCEL™ Enhanced Readability Patient Packs are to be utilized so the patient can serially collect specimens at home over the course of three bowel movements. Patients should be instructed to follow the directions exactly, as the potential for false positive results exists due to improper diet, blood on the hands, hemorrhoids or if the test is used during menstrual bleeding. After all three slides are prepared, the slides may be sent back to the hospital laboratory for developing and evaluation. Preparation of three consecutive slides is recommended for screening asymptomatic patients by the American Cancer Society.

When stool specimens containing occult blood are applied hema-screen ER XCELTM test paper, the hemoglobin portion of the occult blood comes in contact with the guaiac. When the hema-screen ER XCELTM peroxide developing solution is added, a guaiac-peroxidase like reaction occurs. The chemical reaction becomes visible by the appearance of a blue-green color between 30 seconds and 60 seconds if occur blood is present.

# Quality Microbiological, Serological and Immunological Reagents

# Substantial Equivalence Information

<table><tr><td>Characteristic Intended</td><td>Proposed Device hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability hema-screen ER XCEL TM is a</td><td>Predicate Device K102664 TM hema-screen ER</td></tr><tr><td>Use/Indications for Use</td><td>rapid, convenient, and non- offensive qualitative method for detecting occult blood in the stool. It is intended for professional use as an aid in the diagnosis of asymptomatic gastrointestinal conditions that may manifest themselves by the presence of occult blood in the stool. This test is recommended for use in routine hospital testing, mass screening programs for colorectal cancer, and in testing of postoperative patients and newborn infants.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Materials Provided</td><td>hema-screen ER XCEL TM Slides -A special electrophoresis paper impregnated with natural guaiac resin. Contains both positive (+) and negative (-) performance standards. The positive (+) standard contains a hemoglobin derived catalyst on the slide. hema-screen ER XCEL TM</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Same Developing Solution (enhanced) Contains a stabilized mixture of hydrogen peroxide (less than 6%) and (75% denatured ethyl alcohol with additives in</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>aqueous solution. hema-screen ER XCELTM Laboratory Pack_- Instructions for use, 100 single slides with Performance Standards, two (2)</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# Quality Microbiological, Serological and Immunological Reagents

<table><tr><td></td><td>10 ml bottles of Developing Solution, and 100 applicator sticks. Also available in 50 pack.</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Technological Characteristics:

The fundamental scientific technology of the modified device has not changed. The change is for the addition of an optional patient sampling slide with GRID: the internal guaiac paper has neither been modified nor reformulated; the outer cardboard contains smaller surface area (small circles) to help prevent oversampling and ease of use for the patient.

# There is no change in analytical sensitivity of the new device.

The intended use/indication use of the modified device as described in the labeling has not changed.

Name change to hema-screen ER XCEL™ Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test. Both patient sampling slide versions (GRID and Non-GRID) are available and optional in hemascreen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test.

# Substantial Equivalence:

Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device K102664</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Materials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Design</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enhanced DevelopingSolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enhanced DevelopingSolution</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Subject Device hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test</td><td>Predicate hema-screen TM ER K102664</td></tr><tr><td>Design</td><td>Both patient sampling slide versions (GRID and non-GRID) are available and optional.</td><td>Only the non-GRID version</td></tr><tr><td>Materials Provided</td><td>hema-screen ER XCEL TM Patient Pack  Instructions for use, 50</td><td>hema-screen ER Patient Pack Instructions for use, 150 patient</td></tr></table>

# Quality Microbiological, Serological and Immunological Reagents

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Subject Device hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test</td><td>Predicate hema-screen TM ER K102664</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>patient slides with a GRID design for easy readability. Performance Standards, three 10mL bottles of Developing Solution, 150 applicator sticks, patient instructions and 50 foil-lined mailing pouches.</td><td>slides without a GRID with Performance Standards, three 10mL bottles of Developing Solution, 150 applicator sticks, patient instructions and 50 foil-lined mailing pouches.</td></tr></table>

# Design Control Activities Conducted:

A Risk Analysis was used to assess the impact of the modifications on the device and its components, and the results of the analysis.

Based on the Risk Analysis, an identification of the verification and/or validation required, including methods or tests used and acceptance criteria was applied and found to be satisfactory. A Declaration of Conformity statement with design controls is presented.

# Conclusion Drawn:

The hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test is as safe and effective as the predicate device, hema-screenTM ER.   
The hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test has the same intended use and indications for use and fundamental scientific technology.   
The difference between the subject device, hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test and predicate device, hema-screenTM ER (addition of an optional GRID design version of the hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test) raises no new issues of safety and effectiveness.   
The hema-screen ER XCELTM Enhanced Readability Fecal Occult Blood Test is   
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.