February 27, 2018

Barbara Phillips   
Vice President, Reagent Technologies   
Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies, LLC   
4 Henderson Drive   
West Caldwell, NJ 07006

Re: K170623 Trade/Device Name: ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCP Dated: January 25, 2018 Received: January 29, 2018

Dear Barbara Phillips:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.GPS Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K170623

Device Name ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent

Indications for Use (Describe)

ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin A1c in venous whole blood collected in K2-EDTA tubes using the ACE Alera $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ and ACE Axcel $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Clinical Chemistry Systems. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories and physician office laboratories to monitor long term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY – K170623

# I. Applicant/Submitter Contact Information

<table><tr><td>Applicant:</td><td>Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies, LLC</td></tr><tr><td>Address:</td><td>4 Henderson Drive</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>West Caldwell, NJ 07006</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Alternate Contact:</td><td>Barbara Phillips, MT (ASCP)</td></tr><tr><td>Phone Number:</td><td>Hyman Katz, Ph.D. (973) 852 - 0112</td></tr><tr><td>Fax Number:</td><td>(973) 852 - 0237</td></tr><tr><td>Date of Preparation:</td><td>02/21/2018</td></tr></table>

# II. Device

<table><tr><td>Trade Name:</td><td>ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent</td></tr><tr><td>Regulatory Information:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Numbers:</td><td>21 C.F.R. § 864.7470</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Names:</td><td>Assay, Glycosylated Hemoglobin</td></tr><tr><td>Regulatory Class:</td><td>Class 2</td></tr><tr><td>Product Codes:</td><td>LCP</td></tr></table>

# III. Predicate Devices

<table><tr><td>K951361</td></tr></table>

# IV. Device Description

The ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent assay requires a pretreatment step of denaturation of the whole blood samples, which is performed off-line. The red blood cells in the sample are lysed by the Hemoglobin Denaturant and the hemoglobin chains are hydrolyzed. For determination of HbA1c, a latex agglutination inhibition assay is used. In the absence of HbA1c in the sample, the synthetic polymer containing the immunoreactive portion of HbA1c in the HbA1c Agglutinator Reagent will agglutinate with the antibody-coated microparticles in the HbA1c Antibody Reagent. The presence of HbA1c in the blood sample competes for the antibody binding sites and inhibits agglutination. The increase in absorbance, monitored monochromatically at $6 9 2 \mathrm { n m }$ , is inversely proportional to the HbA1c present in the sample. For the determination of total hemoglobin, all hemoglobin derivatives in the sample are converted to alkaline hematin. The reaction produces a green colored solution, which is measured bichromatically at $5 7 3 ~ \mathrm { n m } / 6 9 2 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ . The intensity of color produced is directly proportional to the total hemoglobin concentration in the sample. The concentrations of both HbA1c and total hemoglobin are measured, the ratio is calculated, and the result reported as percent HbA1c.

# V. Intended Use

Indication for use:   
ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin A1c in venous whole blood collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA tubes, using the ACE Alera $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ and ACE Axcel $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } }$ Clinical Chemistry Systems. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories and physician office laboratories to monitor long term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the predicate device

Both candidate and predicate devices are used for the measurement of the same analyte, have the same intended use, utilize whole blood samples, and are read on an automated instrument.

The candidate device utilizes a different reaction type and different reading wavelengths.

The candidate device requires an off-board pretreatment of the whole blood sample prior to analyzing the sample.

# Technological Similarities and Differences

<table><tr><td></td><td>Candidate Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>510(k)#</td><td>K170623</td><td>K951361</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent (Off-board pretreatment)</td><td>Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Hemoglobin A1c Reagent Kit This assay provides a convenient,</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td>ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of percent hemoglobin A1c in venous whole blood collected in K2-EDTA tubes, using the ACE Alera® and ACE Axcel® Clinical Chemistry Systems. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories and physician office laboratories to monitor long term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus. For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td>quantitative method for measuring the percent concentration of hemoglobin A1c in blood. The measurement of hemoglobin A1c concentration is recommended for monitoring the long-term care of persons with diabetes. The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) showed the importance of improved glycemic control in reducing the risk and progression of the complications of diabetes. Glycemic control was determined by the measurement of hemoglobin A1c. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends measurement of hemoglobin A1c levels two to four times per year, less frequently in patients with stable control. This assay is based on a latex immunoagglutination inhibition methodology. After loading the reagent test cartridge into the DCATM Analyzer, the test result is displayed in six minutes. The DCA Hemoglobin A1c assay is for use in laboratories such as physician</td></tr><tr><td>Conditions for Use</td><td>The g/dL HbA1c and total hemoglobin values generated are intended for use in the calculation of the HbA1c/THb ratio and cannot be used individually for diagnostic</td><td>office laboratories, clinics, and hospitals. No contraindications</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument Platforms</td><td>purposes. ACE Alera and ACE Axcel Clinical Chemistry Systems</td><td>DCA 2000+ Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>Analytes Measured</td><td>Same</td><td>%HbA1c (ratio of HbA1c to total hemoglobin)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGelw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k)#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K170623</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K951361</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent(Off-board pretreatment)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Siemens Healthcare DiagnosticsHemoglobin A1c Reagent Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 point calibration for HbA1c,1 point calibration for Total Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrated by the manufacturer. Beforereagent cartridges are released by themanufacturer, each lot of reagent cartridgesundergoes a thorough analysis andcharacterization. Values of calibrationparameters based on a DCCT referencemethod are determined that provide foroptimal reagent performance. The DCAHbA 1c test method is NationalGlycohemoglobin Standardization Program(NGSP) Certified and is traceable toInternational Federation of ClinicalChemistry (IFCC) reference materials andtest methods. The values for the calibrationparameters are encoded onto the calibrationcard provided with each lot of reagentcartridges.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MethodTraceability orStandardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGSP Standardization</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Basic Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody-coated latex agglutinationinhibition</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReactiveIngredients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Porcine pepsinSodium hydroxideHbA1c hapten polymerBovine serum albuminHbA1c antibody (mouse) coupled particlesBuffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbA1c-specific mouse monoclonalantibodyadsorbed onto latex particlesGlycine BufferHbA1c hapten polymerSodium Citrate BufferBovine serum albuminBuffer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-reactiveIngredients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surfactants, preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Surfactants, preservatives</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottles with total volumes of 12 and 30 mLcontaining the reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single test cartridges</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalysisTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HbA1c: DeltaTotal Hb: Final Point</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endpoint</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative ratio of HbA1c to totalhemoglobin, expressed as percent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGeYellob</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k)#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K170623</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K951361</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACE Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) Reagent(Off-board pretreatment)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Siemens Healthcare DiagnosticsHemoglobin A1c Reagent Kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2-EDTA Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole bloodVenous whole blood collected in EDTA,heparin, fluoride/oxalate, citrateanticoagulants</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7% - 13.0% HbA1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5% - 14.0% HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ExpectedValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycemic recommendation for many non-pregnant adults with diabetes:A1c &lt; 7.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2% HbA1c to 6.5% HbA1c95% CI (4.3% to 5.7%)Risk classifications:3% - 6% in non-diabetics6% - 8% in controlled diabetics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestingEnvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical laboratories or physician officelaboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratories such as physician officelaboratories, clinics, and hospitals.</td></tr></table>

# VII. Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# Performance Data

# Detection Limit and Limit of Quantitation:

Because HbA1c is present to some extent in all samples (without homozygous hemoglobin variants), there is no need to determine the detection limit (LoD) of this assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE AleraClinicalChemistrySystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Axcel ClinicalChemistrySystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr></table>

# Linearity:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Alera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Axcel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Reps/Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7% - 13.0% HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4% - 13.1% HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.987x + 0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.954x + 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient of Determination (r²)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9936</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Alera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Axcel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Reps/Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 = 22.2 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 - 21.8 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=1.006x + 0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.997x + 0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient of Determination (r²)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9964</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data

Precision: In-house

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ACE Alera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ACE Axcel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Data</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

Precision: Physician office labs   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>ACE Alera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ACE Axcel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr></table>

# Comparative Analysis Regression Evaluation: In-house vs. DCA 2000+

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Alera</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACE Axcel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range (x-method)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2% - 12.8%HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5% - 12.8%HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regression Equation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.979x + 0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.983x - 0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation Coefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9832</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Error</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence Interval  slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.944 to 1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.948 to 1.019</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence Interval - intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.21 to 0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.29 to 0.24</td></tr></table>

# Comparative Analysis Regression Evaluation: Physician office labs vs. DCA 2000+

ACE Alera   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(x-method)% HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegressionEquation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardError</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConfidenceInterval Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConfidenceIntervalIntercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 13.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.967x+0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.925 to 1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 to 0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1 - 12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.984x-0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.955 to 1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.23 to 0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 12.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.981x-0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9939</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.950 to 1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.30 to 0.12</td></tr></table>

ACE Axcel   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range(x-method)% HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegressionEquation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StandardError</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConfidenceInterval Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConfidenceIntervalIntercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=1.000x-0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9885</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.957 to 1.043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.59 to 0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4 - 12.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.993x-0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.960 to 1.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.37 to 0.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POL 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5 - 12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=0.980x+0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.955 to 1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.16 to 0.20</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Data</td></tr></table>

Expected Values:

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Glycemic recommendation for many non- pregnant adults with diabetes:</td></tr><tr><td>Alc</td><td>&lt; 7.0%*</td></tr></table>

\*More or less stringent glycemic goals may be appropriate for individual patients. Goals should be individualized based on duration of diabetes, age/life expectancy, comorbid conditions, known CVD or advanced microvascular complications, hypoglycemia unawareness, and individual patient considerations.

Source: American Diabetes Association. Glycemic Targets: Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes - 2018. Diabetes Care 2018 Jan; 41 (Supplement 1): S55-S64.

# Analytical Specificity

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significantinterference ≤</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaldehyde</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity:

Acetylated Hb showed no significant interference at $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .   
Carbamylated Hb showed no significant interference at $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .   
Labile A1c showed no significant interference at $1 4 4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .   
Non-glycated Hb (HbA0) showed no significant interference at $1 7 2 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .   
$\mathrm { H b A l a + b }$ fraction showed no significant interference at $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# HbA1c Variants

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Used:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Axcel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Used:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Alera</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HbD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variant:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HbD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>% VariantReference ValueMean% Recovery</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>36.3%5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>5.1%98.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>12.7%105.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Recovery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="3">Axcel</td><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="3">Alera</td></tr><tr><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="3">HbE</td><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="3">HbE</td></tr><tr><td>% Variant</td><td>22.5%</td><td>14.3%</td><td>20.7%</td><td>% Variant</td><td>22.5%</td><td>14.3%</td><td>20.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value</td><td>4.7%</td><td>7.8%</td><td>10.8%</td><td>Reference Value</td><td>4.7%</td><td>7.8%</td><td>10.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>5.1%</td><td>7.7%</td><td>10.8%</td><td>Mean</td><td>5.1%</td><td>7.9%</td><td>10.9%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>108.0</td><td>98.4</td><td>99.5</td><td>% Recovery</td><td>108.5</td><td>101.6</td><td>100.9</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="3">Axcel</td><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="3">Alera</td></tr><tr><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="3">HbF</td><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="3">HbF</td></tr><tr><td>% Variant</td><td>10.1%</td><td>16.8%</td><td>29.5%</td><td>% Variant</td><td>10.1%</td><td>16.8%</td><td>29.5%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value</td><td>5.1%</td><td>7.6%</td><td>9.3%</td><td>Reference Value</td><td>5.1%</td><td>7.6%</td><td>9.3%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>5.2%</td><td>6.6%</td><td>6.7%</td><td>Mean</td><td>5.2%</td><td>6.4%</td><td>6.7%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>101.0</td><td>86.2</td><td>71.5</td><td>% Recovery</td><td>101.0</td><td>84.5</td><td>72.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Axcel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td>Variant: % Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>8.8%</td><td>HbC 17.5%</td><td>26.3%</td><td>35.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Normal)</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>4.8%</td><td>5.1%</td><td>5.2%</td><td>5.9%</td><td>6.6%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>122.4</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>100.0</td><td>106.2</td><td>109.3</td><td></td><td>138.6</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Axcel</td></tr><tr><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td>% Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>7.0%</td><td>HbC 14.0%</td><td>21.0%</td><td>28.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Abnormal)</td><td>7.9%</td><td>7.9%</td><td>7.9%</td><td>7.9%</td><td>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>7.9%</td><td>8.0%</td><td>8.6%</td><td>9.4%</td><td>10.8%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>101.9</td><td>109.6</td><td>119.1</td><td>137.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Alera</td></tr><tr><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td>% Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>8.8%</td><td>HbC 17.5%</td><td>26.3%</td><td>35.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Normal)</td><td>4.7%</td><td>4.7%</td><td>4.7%</td><td>4.7%</td><td>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>4.7%</td><td>4.7%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>5.5%</td><td>6.5%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>100.4</td><td>103.1</td><td>117.0</td><td>139.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Alera</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">HbC</td></tr><tr><td>Variant: % Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>7.0%</td><td>14.0%</td><td>21.0%</td><td>28.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Abnormal)</td><td>7.4%</td><td>7.4%</td><td>7.4%</td><td>7.4%</td><td>7.4%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>7.4%</td><td>7.4%</td><td>7.8%</td><td>9.0%</td><td>10.3%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>98.9</td><td>105.0</td><td>120.5</td><td>138.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Axcel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td>Variant: % Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>9.0%</td><td>HbS 17.9%</td><td>26.9%</td><td>35.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Normal)</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td><td>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>4.8%</td><td>5.1%</td><td>5.3%</td><td>5.7%</td><td>5.9%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>104.6</td><td>109.7</td><td>118.0</td><td>122.7</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Axcel</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="3">HbS</td></tr><tr><td>Variant: % Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>8.6%</td><td>17.1%</td><td>25.7%</td><td>34.2%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Abnormal)</td><td>8.0%</td><td>8.0%</td><td>8.0%</td><td>8.0%</td><td>8.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>8.0%</td><td>8.3%</td><td>8.5%</td><td>9.5%</td><td>10.0%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>103.8</td><td>106.9</td><td>119.8</td><td>125.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Alera</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">HbS</td></tr><tr><td>Variant: % Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>9.0%</td><td>17.9%</td><td>26.9%</td><td>35.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Normal)</td><td>5.0%</td><td>5.0%</td><td>5.0%</td><td>5.0%</td><td>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>5.0%</td><td>5.3%</td><td>5.4%</td><td>5.8%</td><td>5.9%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>106.1</td><td>108.6</td><td>117.7</td><td>119.2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Instrument Used:</td><td colspan="5">Alera</td></tr><tr><td>Variant:</td><td colspan="5">HbS</td></tr><tr><td>% Variant</td><td>0.0%</td><td>8.6%</td><td>17.1%</td><td>25.7%</td><td>34.2%</td></tr><tr><td>Reference Value (Abnormal)</td><td>7.8%</td><td>7.8%</td><td>7.8%</td><td>7.8%</td><td>7.8%</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>7.8%</td><td>8.1%</td><td>8.5%</td><td>9.2%</td><td>9.7%</td></tr><tr><td>% Recovery</td><td>100.0</td><td>103.9</td><td>109.7</td><td>118.7</td><td>125.5</td></tr></table>

High Hemoglobin F $( > 1 0 . 1 \% )$ , Hemoglobin $\mathrm { ~ C ~ } ( > 1 4 . 0 \% )$ and Hemoglobin S $( > 1 7 . 1 \% )$ will result in inaccurate HbA1c results. Therefore, a statement will be included in the labeling as follows:

Hemoglobinopathies may interfere with glycated hemoglobin analysis. The results from both ACE Alera and ACE Axcel Clinical Chemistry Systems show that there is no significant interference for Hemoglobin D $( \leq 3 6 . 3 \% )$ and Hemoglobin E $( \leq 2 2 . 5 \% )$ . High Hemoglobin F $( > 1 0 . 1 \% )$ will result in lower than expected HbA1c values. High Hemoglobin C $( > 1 4 . 0 \% )$ and high Hemoglobin S $( > 1 7 . 1 \% )$ will result in higher than expected HbA1c values.

# VIII. Conclusions

Based on the foregoing data, the device is safe and effective. These data also establish substantial equivalence to the predicate device.