Sysmex America, Inc.   
Sharita Brooks   
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs 577 Aptakisic Road   
Lincolnshire, Illinois 60069

Re: K171883 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5200 Regulation Name: Automated cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LKM Dated: June 23, 2017 Received: June 23, 2017

Dear Sharita Brooks:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Sysmex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92, the 510(k) Summary for the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer is provided below.

# 1. SUBMITTER

Sysmex America Inc. (SAI) 577 Aptakisic Road Lincolnshire, IL 60069

Contact Person: Sharita Brooks Phone: 224-543-9618 Email: brookss@sysmex.com Date Prepared: June 21, 2017

2. DEVICE   
Name of Device: Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer   
Common Name: Automated Cell Counter   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 864.5200   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: LKM   
Panel: Hematology

# 3. PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device: Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i, Automated Urine Particle Analyzer (K070910)

No reference devices were used in this submission.

# 4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer is an automated urine particle analyzer that is used in the clinical laboratory to analyze formed elements in urine samples quantitatively and flag for the presence of particles/cells in the sample. It provides screening of abnormal samples, as well as automation and better efficiency in the laboratory. The analyzer reports analysis results on five enumerated parameters in urine: RBC (Red Blood Cells), WBC (White Blood Cells), EC (Epithelial Cells), CAST and BACT (Bacteria). It also reports flagging information on the following parameters in urine: Pathologic Cast; Crystal; Sperm; Yeast like cell; and Mucus. This flagging information alerts the operator for the need of further testing and/or review.

The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer is a dedicated system for the analysis of microscopic formed elements in urine and uses a Microsoft $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Windows Operating System. The analyzer consists of the following units: (1) Main Unit which aspirates, dilutes, mixes and analyzes urine samples and processes data from the main unit and provides the

operator interface with the system; (2) Sampler Unit which supplies samples to the main unit automatically; and (3) Pneumatic Unit which supplies pressure and vacuum to the main unit.

The analyzer uses five reagents—UF-CELLSHEATH (sheath reagent), UF-CELLPACK CR and UF-CELLPACK SF (diluents) and UF-Fluorocell CR and UF-Fluorocell SF (both stains). The quality control material is UF-CONTROL.

# 5. INDICATION FOR USE

The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer is an automated urine particle analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer analyzes the following parameters in urine samples: RBC, WBC, Epithelial cells, Cast, Bacteria and flags the presence of the following: Pathologic Cast, Crystals, Sperm, Yeast like cell and Mucus.

# 6. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer and its predicate device, the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i automated urine particle analyzer (K070910), have the same fundamental technology and comparable performance characteristics. The modifications consist of an analyzer with a higher throughput, smaller sample aspiration volume and a smaller minimum particle size detected. Table 1 below compares the subject Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 analyzer with the predicate Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i analyzer.

Table 1: Device Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities/ Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K070910 (SE on May 25, 2007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Applicant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex America, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex America, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex® UF-1000i, AutomatedUrine Particle Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex® UF-5000, FullyAutomated Urine ParticleAnalyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationRegulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.5200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.5200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LKM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LKM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications/Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sysmex® UF-1000i is anautomated urine particle analyzer forin vitro diagnostic use in screeningpatient populations found in clinicallaboratories. The UF-1000i analyzesthe following parameters in urinesamples: RBC, WBC, Epithelialcells, Cast and Bacteria and flags thepresence of the following: PathologicCast, Crystal, Sperm, Small RoundCell, Yeast like cell and Mucus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sysmex® UF-5000 FullyAutomated Urine ParticleAnalyzer is an automated urineparticle analyzer for in vitrodiagnostic use in screeningpatient populations found inclinical laboratories. TheSysmex® UF- 5000 FullyAutomated Urine ParticleAnalyzer analyzes the followingparameters in urine samples:RBC, WBC, Epithelial cells,Cast and Bacteria and flags thepresence of the following:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities: RBC, WBC,Epithelial cells, Cast, Bacteria andflags Pathologic Cast, Crystal,Sperm, Yeast like cells and Mucus.Differences: The Sysmex® UF-5000 does not have a flag for SmallRound Cell.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pathologic Cast, Crystal, Sperm,Yeast like cells and Mucus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative parameters: RBC,WBC, Epithelial cells, Cast, Bacteriain urineFlags: Pathologic Cast, Crystal,Sperm, Small Round Cell, Yeast likecell, Mucus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative parameters: RBC,WBC, Epithelial cells, Cast,Bacteria in urine.Flags: Pathologic Cast, Crystal,Sperm, Yeast like cell andMucus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities: Same quantitativeparameters.Differences: The Sysmex® UF-5000 does not have a flag for SmallRound Cell.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The instrument utilizes Sysmex®flow cytometry using a redsemiconductor laser (wavelength635nm) for analyzing organizedelements of urine. Particlecharacterization and identification isbased on detection of forwardscatter, fluorescence and adaptivecluster analysis. There is also abacteria channel and side scatteredlight signal.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The instrument utilizesSysmex® flow cytometry usinga blue semiconductor laser(wavelength 488nm) foranalyzing organized elements ofurine. Particle characterizationand identification is based ondetection of forward scatter,fluorescence and adaptive clusteranalysis. There are twochannels- CR channel for WBC,EC, Bacteria and SF channel forRBC, Cast.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities:Uses Flow Cytometrymethod to quantitate RBC,WBC, EC, CAST, andBACTPrinciples of urine particleanalysisHydraulic System (SheathFlow)Electrical systemAnalysis flowSensor signalParticle signal waveformDifferences:Optical system is different:Sysmex® UF-5000 uses ablue semiconductor laser(wavelength: 488nm).Aspiration, reagent amounts,time &amp; temperature</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UFII SHEATH (sheath) UFIIPACK -SED (diluent) UFIISEARCH -SED (stain)UFII PACK -BAC (diluent) UFIISEARCH-BAC(stain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UF-CELLSHEATH (sheath)UF-CELLPACK CR (diluent)UF-Fluorocell CR (stain)UF-CELLPACK SF (diluent)UF-Fluorocell SF (stain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: Reagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UFII CONTROL—2 levels- 5parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UF-CONTROL—2 levels- 5parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SED channel: WBC, RBC, EC,CASTBAC channel: Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CR channel: WBC,EC, BacteriaSF channel: RBC, Cast</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: No dedicated channelfor bacteria. The non-nucleatedparameters are measured in the SFChannel and the nucleatedparameters are measured in the CRChannel.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random urine specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Random urinespecimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities: Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 samples / hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105 samples / hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities: Urine Differences:Higher throughput</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimumparticle sizedetected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.633 μm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.488 μm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: Smaller ParticlesDetected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirationvolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: Smaller sampleaspiration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleAspiration/FluidicPathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single pathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single pathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities: Single pathway</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions (Wx D x H mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">580 x 710 x 615</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">760 x 800 x 855 (singlesampler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: Larger analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight (kg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately: 90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences: Heavier analyzer</td></tr></table>

# 7. PERFORMANCE DATA

Clinical and analytical validation testing were conducted on the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer to show equivalent performance to the predicate Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i analyzer. Testing included:

• Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation (LoB/LoD/LoQ)   
• Linearity   
• Precision (Repeatability and Reproducibility)   
• Carryover   
• Specimen Stability   
• Reference Interval   
• Method Comparison

Evaluation of the performance characteristics establishes that the performance, functionality, and reliability of the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer are substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The evaluation included accuracy (method comparison), precision, linearity, carryover, stability, LoB, LoD, LoQ, and establishment of reference intervals.

# 8. CONCLUSIONS

The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 Fully Automated Urine Particle Analyzer and its predicate device, the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i automated urine particle analyzer (K070910), have nearly the same Intended Use, fundamental technology, and comparable performance characteristics. The modifications consist of an analyzer with a higher throughput, smaller sample aspiration volume and a smaller minimum particle size detected. The Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 automated urine particle analyzer does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness relative to the predicate device. Clinical and analytical validation testing were conducted on the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 analyzer to show equivalent performance to the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i analyzer. The evaluation included accuracy (method comparison), precision (repeatability and reproducibility), linearity, carryover, stability, Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation (LoB/LoD/LoQ) and establishment of reference intervals.

Evaluation of the performance characteristics established that the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-5000 analyzer is substantially equivalent to the Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UF-1000i analyzer and is suitable for the labeled indication for use.