September 13, 2017

Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Sweta Patel Regulatory Affairs Specialist III 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive Hercules, California 94547

Re: K171664 Trade/Device Name: Hemoglobin Variants System on Newborn Hemoglobin System with GDM and HbReview Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7415 Regulation Name: Abnormal hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKA Dated: August 14, 2017 Received: August 15, 2017

Dear Sweta Patel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR

Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Hemoglobin Variants System on Newborn Hemoglobin System with GDM and HbReview Software

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Special 510(k)

# VOL_002 Administrative Documents 005_SECTION E: 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Document

# Hemoglobin Variants System on the Newborn Hemoglobin System with GDM and HbReview Software

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This Summary of 510(k) Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

Date Summary prepared: June 2, 2017

1. ApplicantName: Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. Clinical Diagnostics Group 4000 Alfred Nobel Drive Hercules, California 94547

2. Contact Person(s): Sweta Patel, Regulatory Affairs Specialist III Telephone Number: (510) 741-5309 FAX: (510) 741-5157 E-Mail: sweta_patel@bio-rad.com

Alfred Evans, RA/QA Director Telephone Number: (510) 741-4579 FAX: (510) 741-6471 E-Mail:al_evans@bio-rad.com

# 3. Device Name/Trade Name:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Variants System on Newborn Screening System withGDM and HbReview Software.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal Hemoglobin Quantitation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal Hemoglobin Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.F.R Section:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7415</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology</td></tr></table>

4. Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device Name</td><td>Predicate Device 510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td>Bio-Rad VARIANT Tnbs Sickle Cell Program</td><td>K080911</td></tr></table>

# 5. Description of the Instrument:

The instrument, Newborn Hemoglobin System (NHS) utilizes same principles of ionexchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The NHS instrument is a fully automated, high-throughput hemoglobin analyzer. It utilizes principles of ion-exchange highperformance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The NHS provides an integrated method for the separation and determination of relative percent of specific hemoglobins of dried blood spots. The dried blood spot collected from neonatal heel stick is punched and eluted with deionized water. The punched disc is removed and eluted sample is transferred into microplate well. The eluted sample is analyzed to identify specific inherently abnormal (S, D, C, E) as well as normal (F, A) hemoglobins through the system.

The NHS consists of two modules — the Newborn Chromatographic Station (NCS) and the Newborn Auto Sampler (NAS). NCS module delivers buffer solutions (See table 4 for kit components) to the Hemoglobin Variants System CE Mini-Columns and the detector. The NAS module through automatic injection introduces eluted sample from microplate wells. Each sample is processed individually. The mini-column contains a cation exchange gel, and the analyzer makes use of a continuous pre-programmed gradient system. The preprogrammed gradient is designed to have the hemoglobins of interest elute from the minicolumn with retention times that fall within pre-determined windows characteristic of known normal and abnormal hemoglobins. The ionic strength of two phosphate buffers passing through the mini-column is changed over three minutes. The eluted hemoglobins introduced through automatic injection are sequentially detected with a dual-wavelength filter photometer, which monitors hemoglobin absorbance at 415 nm and corrects for any gradient induced absorbance changes at $6 9 0 ~ \mathsf { n m }$ . Detection is performed at two wavelengths (415 nm and $6 9 0 \ \mathsf { n m } _ { \beta } ^ { \prime }$ ) to ensure a stable baseline. Sample of water immediately following a newborn or quality control sample prevents carryover.

A workstation is used to control the Newborn Hemoglobin System using Genetic Disease Management (GDM) software. The GDM software is designed to execute the assay protocol on the NHS instrument using the Hemoglobin Variants System reagent kit components. The software processed HPLC data is outputted in a printed report that contains: 1) sample identification, 2) date and time of analysis, 3) report data (i.e., peak names, retention times, area, relative percent), and 4) chromatogram. Also system assigns a presumptive phenotype “pattern” to each sample result. The pattern is calculated by applying a set of “rules” to the peaks identified in the peak table. The purpose of the pattern rules is to eliminate minor peaks from the pattern, identify system or sample problems, and to focus the operator on the samples that may require further investigation. The pattern rules used by the GDM software were derived from those generated by the Genetic Diseases Laboratory for the state of California, USA, after analysis of 2.5 million newborns by HPLC over a four year period (Eastman, et al., 1996)1. Laboratories using the Newborn Hemoglobin System pattern rules and assignment should perform an internal validation study to confirm the performance of the system for their application. 1.Eastman, J. W.; Wong, R.; Liao, C. L.; Morales, D. R. Automated HPLC Screening of Newborns for Sickle Cell Anemia and Other Hemoglobinopathies. Clin. Chem. 1996, 42 (5), 704–710.

The HbReview Software is to support the review of transmitted result and release of an approved result for each neonate sample analyzed on Hemoglobin Variants System with Newborn Hemoglobin System. A screening site using Newborn Hemoglobin Systems (NHS) transmits results from the Genetic Disease Management (GDM) software to the central site. The central site uses HbReview software to review results, identify samples for retesting, add comments and release results to the reporting site. Features are provided to assist Reviewers and Approvers in their tasks of examining results from the Hemoglobin Newborn Screening test.

The HbReview software is a Client-Server design. The Review process provides a user interface (client) to a relational database, which is located on a separate computer (the server). The Client software permits an authorized user to make changes to the data maintained on the Server.

# 6. Intended Use and Indications for Use:

# Intended Use:

The Bio-Rad Hemoglobin Variants System is intended as a qualitative screen for the presence of hemoglobins F, A, S, D, C and E in elutes of neonatal blood collected on filter paper by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC).

The Bio-Rad Hemoglobin Variants System is intended for Professional Use Only.   
For in vitro diagnostic use.

The Hemoglobin Variants System is for use only with the Newborn Hemoglobin System (NHS).

# Indications for Use:

This device, consisting of the reagents, controls, apparatus, HPLC instrumentation, software is indicated for professional laboratory IVD use to isolate and identify inherently determined abnormal (S, D, C, E) and normal (F, A) hemoglobin types in neonatal blood samples.

# 7. Substantial Equivalence Information:

# Predicate Device Information:

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device Name</td><td>Model#</td><td>Predicate</td><td>Device 510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td>Bio-Rad VARIANT™nbs Sickle Cell Program</td><td>250-3000</td><td>K080911</td><td></td></tr></table>

The comparison of the technological characterizes of the modified device, Hemoglobin Variant System, utilizes principles of ion-exchange high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) similar to the same technology of the predicate device Bio-Rad VARIANTTMnbs Sickle Cell Program.

Tables 1 provide the similarities and differences between the modified and the predicate device.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences between modified and predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Summary of Technical Characteristics- Similarity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified DeviceHemoglobin Variants Systems</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DevicesBio-Rad  VARIANT™MnbsSickle   Cell   Program(K080911)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Hemoglobin Variants System isintended as a qualitative screen for thepresence of hemoglobins F, A, S, D, C,and E in eluates of neonatal bloodcollected onfilterpaperbyhigh-performance  liquid  chromatography(HPLC).TheBio-Rad HemoglobinVariantsSystem is intended for Professional UseOnlyThe Hemoglobin Variants System is foruse only with the Newborn HemoglobinSystem (NHS).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Bio-Rad VARIANT™MnbsSickle Cell Program is intendedas a qualitative screen for thepresence of hemoglobins F, A,S, D, C, and E in eluates ofneonatal blood collected onfilterpaper byhigh-performanceliquid chromatography (HPLC).TheBio-Rad VARIANTnbsSickle Cell Program is intendedfor Professional Use Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neonates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design       Assayprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cation    exchange    highperformance             liquidchromatography.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design       AssayDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dual Wavelength monitoring at415 nm and 690 nm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DesignAnalytesIdentified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Retention time windows forhemoglobins F, A, E, D, S andC.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design     SampleType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neonatal dried blood spots onfilter paper collection cards.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Design     ManualWorklists</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accepts manual worklists.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety   Standardsfor       Electrical,mechanical   andthermal safety</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EN ISO 61010EN ISO 61326EN ISO 14971ISO 62304EN ISO 18113-2EN ISO 18113-3EN ISO 15223EN ISO 13485</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Elution Buffer 1.Elution Buffer 2.Wash Solution.Analytical Cartridge.Lyophilized  Whole  BloodPrimer. Lyophilized RetentionTimeMarker  1  FAES).Lyophilized RetentionTimeMarker 2 (FADC).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Workstation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HP RP5700HP RP5800</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bio-Rad     Genetic    DataManagement Software (GDM)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In addition to temporary storageof raw chromatographic data,the system software will be ableto store associated sampleinformation including lab site,date, run number, tray number,tray position and full accessionnumber (including site codeand calendar year.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pattern Assignment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optional Pattern Settings</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary of Technical Characteristics- Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceHemoglobin Variants Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DevicesBio-Rad VARIANT™nbs Sickle CellProgram (K080911)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentBrand name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Newborn Hemoglobin System(NHS).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANTnbs Newborn Screening System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Brandname</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Variants System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VARIANT ™Mnbs Sickle Cell Program</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DataTransmission,data collectionto Central Siteand DataReview(HbReviewsoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GDM supports transfer of patientresults to the Server. HbReviewsoftware are to collect, to accessand perform review of the resultsthrough the central location (Mainadministrative office).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No data transmission is performed. Theresult review is performed the individuallaboratories.</td></tr></table>

# 8. Risk Management Process for Device Modifications:

In accordance with ISO 14971, and internal risk management processes and procedures a defined risk analysis was used to identify, mitigate or, eliminate potential risks associated with the device modifications. For each identified risk, a Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (FMEA) was conducted. The risk evaluation for the device software modification included in the following tasks:

Reviewed modifications and design inputs to identify potential risks and hazard; Reviewed existing product risk tables and customer complaints to identify potential risk and hazards;

# 9. Conclusion:

When considering the similarities of the intended use, the general features and characteristic of the assay and the use of the same technology, it can be concluded that the Hemoglobin Variants System on the Newborn Hemoglobin System using GDM and HbReview software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.