March 2, 2018

Roche Diagnostics Hematology, Inc. Dan Bracco   
Head of Clinical and Regulatory Affairs 69 Milk Street, Suite 120   
Westborough, Massachusetts 01581

Re: K171655 Trade/Device Name: cobas $\mathrm { ~ m ~ } 5 1 1$ integrated hematology analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ, JOY Dated: June 2, 2017 Received: June 5, 2017

Dear Dan Bracco:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K171655

Device Name cobas $\mathrm { ~ m ~ } 5 1 1$ integrated hematology analyzer

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# cobas m 511 integrated hematology analyzer 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics Hematology, Inc. (RDH) hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ integrated hematology analyzer (cobas m 511 system).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics Hematology, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 Milk StreetSuite 120Westborough, MA 01581</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dan BraccoPhone: (508) 329-2455FAX: (508) 329-2486Email: dan.bracco@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>February 22, 2018</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas m 511 integrated hematology analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Differential Cell CounterAutomated Cell Locating Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.5220, Differential Cell Counter, Class II21 CFR 864.5260, Automated Cell Locating Device, Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKZJOY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sysmex® XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20) Automated Hematology AnalyzerCellaVision® DM1200 Automated Hematology Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The establishment registration number for Roche Diagnostics Hematology hasnot yet been established.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system is a fully automated stand-alone hematology analyzer with integrated slide making capability and digital cell imaging. It provides a complete blood count, 5-part differential, and reticulocyte enumeration of samples of whole blood collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA. It is designed for high throughput in the clinical laboratory environment.

# 1.1. Instrument Components and Consumables

The cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system consists of the following major components:

The analyzer, with rack transport system for sample tubes   
Viewing stations, that can be configured as the control station or as a review station   
Associated consumables and components

The cobas m 511 system major components:

# 1.1.1. cobas m 511 analyzer

The cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ analyzer is a stand-alone hematology analyzer with integrated slide making capability and digital cell imaging. It has five (5) processing stations: sample mixing, slide printing, slide staining, slide imaging (low and high magnification), and slide output. It also includes a separate compartment, which houses the necessary consumables and waste containers.

# 1.1.2. cobas m 511 viewing station

The viewing station hardware is a computer with custom software developed by RDH that provides the graphical user interface for the system. It is designed to interface with a standard Laboratory Information System (LIS) for results reporting.

# 1.1.3. DigiMAC3 stain pack

The DigiMAC³ stain pack is intended to fix and stain cells from a whole blood sample or control/calibrator material that have been applied to a slide by the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ analyzer, in order to make the cells suitable for automated imaging or manual microscopy. The DigiMAC3 stain pack is comprised of the following four (4) separate solutions, which are individually applied to each processed slide: DigiMAC3 fix, DigiMAC3 eosin, DigiMAC3 methylene blue, and DigiMAC3 rinse. The application of these stain solutions results in a Romanowsky type stain such as typically used in hematologic evaluations of whole blood.

# 1.1.4. DigiMAC3 reticulocyte

DigiMAC³ reticulocyte is intended to stain a whole blood sample or control material before it is applied to a slide by the cobas m 511 analyzer, in order to make the reticulocytes suitable for automated imaging or manual microscopy. DigiMAC3 reticulocyte is a supravital stain consisting of an aqueous solution of Azure B dye as the critical component, which condenses the reticulum in red blood cells and allows visualization of reticulocytes. Unlike the stain pack solutions that stain a prepared slide, DigiMA $C ^ { 3 }$ reticulocyte is mixed with the whole blood sample by the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ analyzer prior to slide printing.

# 1.1.5. DigiMAC3 wash

DigiMAC3 wash is used to clean all specimen-contacting surfaces, including blood fluid pathways, following processing of each blood sample. This solution is unique to the cobas m 511 system and is comprised of detergent and preservative in an aqueous, buffered solution.

# 1.1.6. DigiMAC3 clean

DigiMAC3 clean is primarily a $0 . 7 \%$ sodium hypochlorite formulation, which is used to remove protein build-up from the surfaces of the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ analyzer components that come in contact with blood samples.

# 1.1.7. DigiMAC3 slides

The DigiMAC³ slide is a glass substrate on which a whole blood sample or control/calibrator material is applied and stained by the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ analyzer, in order to enable automated imaging or manual microscopy.

# 1.2. Principles of Operation

The cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system uses digital morphology from an automatically produced Romanowsky stained monolayer slide, to provide the standard set of hematology parameters for the complete blood count (CBC), automated white blood cell (WBC) differential, and the enumeration of reticulocytes. This is done through the use of proprietary imaging algorithms that locate, count and evaluate red and white blood cells, platelets and nucleated red blood cells.

The cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system prints a consistent sample volume (a nominal 1 uL) onto a glass microscope slide using a precision application method. In the stainer module, four reagents are applied to the cells on the slide: a fixative, an eosin stain, a methylene blue stain, and a rinse. Following staining, the slide is imaged at low magnification using a 10x lens to locate, image, and count white and red blood cells, nucleated red blood cells, and platelets. The system selects a specific number of white blood cell locations and provides their coordinates to the high magnification module for additional analysis. In the high magnification module a 50x lens is used to classify white blood cell types, evaluate red blood cells, and platelets and to evaluate cellular morphology. The white blood cells are categorized into the five (5) normal types or as unclassified cells by the instrument. This allows a skilled technologist to review images of the cells on the viewing station or to perform a full microscopic review of the slide. This $5 0 \mathrm { x }$ magnification is also used to identify and count the reticulocytes when a reticulocyte test is requested. For reticulocyte processing, an additional slide is produced from blood in the sample cup that is first incubated with a supravital stain. The cells are then printed onto the slide, stained using DigiMAC3 stain and imaged to determine the number and percentage of reticulocytes and reticulocyte hemoglobin.

Following processing, results and images can be viewed on the viewing station. The viewing station allows the operator to monitor system processes and status, and to view sample processing and results. The viewing station also allows a skilled medical technologist to perform a full white blood cell differential and a morphological review of white blood cells, red blood cells and platelets for samples requiring further review.

# 1.3. Modes of Operation

Closed-tube (automated rack) mode Open-tube (manual) mode

# 1.4. Specimen Identification

Specimen identification is performed automatically by the cobas m 511 system through an integrated barcode reader; or manually by the operator through the use of a hand-held barcode reader or keypad.

# 1.5. Specimen Sampling and Handling

Samples can be introduced onto the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system using either the closed-tube (automated rack mode) or open-tube modes. In the closed-tube mode the operator loads the sample tubes into a custom rack. The rack is then mechanically transported into the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system for processing. In this mode the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system automatically mixes, aspirates, and analyzes samples while the sample caps remain intact. In the open-tube mode, the operator mixes the samples tubes individually by hand and then introduces the sample to the open-port aspiration probe presented by the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system. The operator will position the tube such that the aspiration probe is immersed into the approximate center of the blood volume.

# 1.6. Calibration

The DigiMAC3 calibrator is used for calibration of the cobas m 511 system. The calibrator is a stable suspension of cells of human or animal origin. It is used for calibrating the following hematology parameters of the cobas m 511 system: WBC, RBC, MCH, MCV, PLT, and MPV.

# 1.7. Quality Control

DigiMAC3 controls are used to monitor the performance of the cobas m 511 system. These hematology quality control (QC) materials consist of stable suspensions of cells of human or animal origin. They are used for evaluating the accuracy and precision of all hematology parameters of the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ analyzer. There are three (3) levels of controls (L1, L2 and L3), which are used in conjunction with each other for monitoring the performance of the cobas m 511 analyzer.

# 1.8. Software

FDA has reviewed applicant’s Hazard Analysis and Software Development processes for this line of product types: Yes___X____ or No

# 2. INTENDED USE

# 2.1. Indication(s) for Use

The cobas $\mathrm { ~ m ~ } 5 1 1$ integrated hematology analyzer is a quantitative, automated analyzer with cell locating capability. It is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by a skilled operator in the clinical laboratory. The system prepares a stained microscope slide from EDTA-anticoagulated whole blood. It utilizes computer imaging to count the formed elements of blood and provide an imagebased assessment of cell morphology, which may be reviewed by the operator, and also allows for manual classification of unclassified cells. The instrument reports the following parameters: RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, $\%$ NRBC, #NRBC, WBC, $\%$ NEUT, #NEUT, %LYMPH, #LYMPH, $\%$ MONO, #MONO, $\%$ EO, #EO, $\%$ BASO, #BASO, PLT, MPV, $\%$ RET, #RET, HGB-RET.

# 2.2. Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):

For prescription use only

3. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALANCE INFORMATION

# 3.1. Predicate Device Names(s) and 510(k) numbers

Sysmex® XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20) Automated Hematology Analyzer (Sysmex Analyzer) – K112605

CellaVision® DM1200 Automated Hematology Analyzer (CellaVision Analyzer) – K092868

# 3.2. Comparison with Predicate Device

Table 1 compares the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system with its predicate device.

Table 1: Comparison with Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device:cobas m 511 system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Sysmex Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cobas m 511 integrated hematologyanalyzer is a quantitative, automatedanalyzer with cell locating capability. It isintended for in vitro diagnostic use by askilled operator in the clinical laboratory.The system prepares a stainedmicroscope slide from EDTA-anticoagulated whole blood. It utilizescomputer imaging to count the formedelements of blood and provide an image-based assessment of cell morphology,which may be reviewed by the operator,and also allows for manual classification ofunclassified cells. The instrument reportsthe following parameters: RBC, HGB,HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, %NRBC, #NRBC, WBC, %NEUT,#NEUT, %LYMPH, #LYMPH, %MONO,#MONO, %EO, #EO, %BASO, #BASO,PLT, MPV, %RET, #RET, HGB-RET.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XN-Series modules (XN-10, XN-20)are quantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzers intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in screening patientpopulations found in clinical laboratories.The XN-Series modules classify andenumerate the following parameters inwhole blood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT,MCV,MCH, MCHC, PLT (PLT-I, PLT-F),NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#,EO%/#, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV,RDW-SD, MPV, NRBC%/#, RET%/#, IPF,IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid modefor body fluids. The Body Fluid modeenumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF,MN%/#, PMN%/#, and TC-BF# parametersin cerebrospinal fluid (CSF),serous fluids(peritoneal, pleural) and synovial fluids.Whole blood should be collected in K2 or K3EDTA anticoagulant and, Serous andSynovial fluids in K2 EDTA anticoagulant toprevent clotting of fluid. The use ofanticoagulants with CSF specimens isneither required nor recommended.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conditions for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For prescription use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Principle of operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characterizes and identifies cells usingdigital imaging of stained cells on amicroscope slide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characterizes and identifies cells basedon detection of direct-current resistancelight scatter, fluorescence, and adaptivecluster analysis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low magnification location and imaging ofwhite and red blood cells and plateletsusing a 10x objective, combined withillumination optics and a camera.High magnification imaging of white bloodcell types and cell morphology using a 50xobjective, combined with illumination opticsand a camera.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow cytometry method using asemiconductor laser to analyzephysiological and chemical characteristicsof cells and other biological particlesHydro Dynamic Focusing (DC Detection)with aperture to count the RBC and PLTand calculate the HCT via the RBC pulseheight detection method.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin measurement using LED lightabsorption</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SLS-Hemoglobin Method usinghemoglobin absorption after chemicallysing and LED light.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatically classifies cells from wholeblood and carries out all processes fromaspiration of sample to outputting ofresults.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatically classifies cells from wholeblood and carries out all processesautomatically from aspiration of the sampleto outputting of results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Displays analysis results and graphics ona computer screen.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results can be printed on available printeror transmitted to a host computer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modes of operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Closed-tube (automated rack) modeOpen-tube (manual) mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampler Analysis Mode (Closed Cap)Manual Analysis Mode (Closed and OpenCap)Pre-dilute Analysis ModeLow WBC Analysis ModeBody Fluid Mode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performs automated analyses of wholeblood cells using a combination of low andhigh magnification computer imaging ofstained cells.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performs hematology analyses accordingto the Hydro Dynamic Focusing (DCDetection), flow cytometry method (usingsemiconductor laser), and SLS-hemoglobinmethod.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated barcode reading of sample tubeidentifier.Manual keyboard entry.Bi-directional instrument to LIS interface:patient demographics, orders, results.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration and verification of calibrationusing stabilized whole blood calibrator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DigiMAC³ calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XN CAL (for WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, PLTand RET)XN CAL PF (for PLT-F)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Quality control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three (3) stabilized whole blood controllevels of varying componentconcentrations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DigiMAC³ control L1DigiMAC³ control L2DigiMAC³3 control L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XN Check (3 levels)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameBody Fluids</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2 and K3 ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid(EDTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample collection device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Evacuated blood collection tube containingEDTA as an anticoagulant.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality controltechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levey-Jennings control chartX-bar charting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All whole blood samples from anyindividual sent to laboratory for analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, also including body fluids</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample aspirationvolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30µL (closed-tube and open-tube mode)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88µL (Sampler Mode-Whole Blood)88µL (Manual Mode- Whole Blood)70μL (Manual Mode- Diluted Blood)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Service diagnostics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board system diagnosticsManufacturer can perform web-baseddiagnostics.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 60 samples/hour maximum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 100 samples/hour maximum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DigiMAC³ stain pack, including:DigiMAC³ fix (fixative)DigiMAC³ eosin (stain)DigiMAC³3 methylene blue (stain)DigiMAC³ rinse (rinse)DigiMAC³ reticulocyte (stain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLPACK DCL (Diluent)CELLPACK DFL (Diluent)LYSERCELL WNR (Lyse)LYSERCELL WDF (Lyse)LYSERCELL WPC (Lyse)FLUOROCELL WNR (Stain)FLUOROCELL WDF (Stain)FLUOROCELL RET (Stain)FLUOROCELL PLT (Stain)FLUOROCELL WPC (Stain)SULFOLYSER (Lyse)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleaning solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DigiMAC³3 washDigiMAC³3 clean</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLCLEAN AUTO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer OS: LinuxViewing Station OS: MacOS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary cobas m 511 software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary Sysmex software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument measures targeted parametersautomatically.Examiner can assess results via viewingscreen or printed report.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple maintained in queue.One sample result presented at a time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of individualsrepresented per sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presentation ofabnormal samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results reported numerically with flags.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Components of cells such as DNA, RNAand proteins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparationprocedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Printing of blood onto a microscope slidefollowed by staining of the slide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow analysis after dilution and mixing withreagents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light sources</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semiconductor Laser</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operational conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 to 27°C ambient temperature20-60% relative humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 to 30°C ambient temperature20-85% relative humidity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transportation of racks of sample tubes onconveyor.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample handling system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual sample tubes are automaticallyremoved from rack to be processed.Manual open-tube mode.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent access</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent (cleaning solution) and slidesstored within the instrument and remainingreagents stored in a drawer within theinstrument below the analyticalcomponents.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents stored within the top front coverof the instrument and in a cabinet below theanalyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent bottle/Cartridgeidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcodes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode or reagent specific cassetteposition</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent mixing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No reagent mixing required.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Information transfer toand from instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Through LIS or manual entry on a computerscreen.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Probe cleaning</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatically for each specimen andperiodically with special clean reagent.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Host interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIS or middleware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration intervals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performed by manufacturer at installationand as needed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stain types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbent dyes, hemoglobin absorptionwith LED light.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescent dyes, hemoglobin absorptionwith chemical lysing and semiconductorlaser beam light.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User management</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allows setting of user assignment andlevel of access.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flagging of errors orsample conditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System and sample errors and messagesare configurable, displayed and reportedby system to the LIS.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2 compares the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system with its predicate device, CellaVision Analyzer.

Table 2: Comparison with CellaVision Analyzer   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitted Device:cobas m 511 system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:CellaVision Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cobas m 511 integrated hematologyanalyzer is a quantitative, automatedanalyzer with cell locating capability. It isintended for in vitro diagnostic use by askilled operator in the clinical laboratory.The system prepares a stainedmicroscope slide from EDTA-anticoagulated whole blood. It utilizescomputer imaging to count the formedelements of blood and provide an image-based assessment of cell morphology,which may be reviewed by the operator,and also allows for manual classificationof unclassified cells. The instrumentreports the following parameters: RBC,HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW,RDW-SD, %NRBC, #NRBC, WBC,%NEUT, #NEUT, %LYMPH, #LYMPH,%MONO, #MONO, %EO, #EO, %BASO,#BASO, PLT, MPV, %RET, #RET, HGB-RET.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DM1200 is an automated cell-locatingdevice. DM1200 automatically locates andpresents images of blood cells onperipheral blood smears. The operatoridentifies and verifies the suggestedclassification of each cell according to type.DM1200 is intended to be used by skilledoperators, trained in the use of the deviceand in recognition of blood cells.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low magnification location and imaging ofwhite and red blood cells and platelets.High magnification imaging of white bloodcell types and cell morphology.Displays analysis results, graphics, andimages on a computer screen.Results can be printed on available printeror transmitted to a host computer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The analysis process consists of anoverview image processing and a cell-location step. The overview image is used tofind cells of interest and to obtain an overallimpression of the sample. The overviewimage can have one 10x zoom level or both10x and 50x zoom levels. The cell-locationstep uses the optical unit and a camera toobtain images of the identified images andstores the images in a database.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performs automated analyses of wholeblood cells using a combination of low andhigh magnification imaging of stained cellson a glass microscope slide, withsubsequent operator review ofcomputerized images or glass microscopeslide for flagged cases.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated barcode reading of sampleidentifier.Manual keyboard entry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameBody Fluids</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated slide preparation and staining.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated or manual slide preparation andstaining.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stains</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Romanowsky type stain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis technique</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Locates, identifies, and counts the varioustypes of white blood cells under theautomated microscope.Red blood cells and platelets and plateletmorphology can be assessed by examiner.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presentation of samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results reported numerically.Cells can be observed on a computerdisplay.Cells can be observed through amicroscope.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handling of abnormalsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Images automatically made available forreview.Slides available as needed for subsequentreview.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte targets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stained components of cells such as DNA,RNA, and proteins.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Light sources anddetector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED light sources with specific Blue,Green, Yellow and Red wavelengths.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">White light source.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Black and White cameras.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color camera with RGB filters on individualpixels.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slides moved automatically throughsystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer tracks slide location in systemand prints alphanumeric sampleidentification on slide.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode identification on slide.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Numeric morphologic features from digitalimages and cell type computerclassification.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Information transferto/from instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Through LIS or manual entry on acomputer screen.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal qualitymanagement system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System performs self-testing and lightadjustment.Quality control samples run daily.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration intervals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performed at installation and as needed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Restricted to Apple iMac computer withspecific integrated display size, resolution,and color specifications.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Various</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intrinsic colorcompensation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Algorithms and classifiers tolerate stainvariations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display color cannot be adjusted.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display color can be adjusted.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer OS: LinuxViewing Station OS: MacOS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary cobas m 511 software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result and imagestorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stores results and images in a localdatabase.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. SPECIAL CONTROL/GUIDANCE DOCUMENT REFERENCED (IF APPLICABLE)

Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Premarket Notifications for Automated Differential Cell Counters for Immature or Abnormal Blood Cells; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA

CLSI EP05-A3 Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition   
CLSI EP06-A Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline   
CLSI EP07-A2 Interference Testing In Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition   
CLSI EP09-A3 Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline - Third Edition   
CLSI EP10-A3-AMD Preliminary Evaluation of Quantitative Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures, Approved Guideline - Third Edition   
CLSI EP17-A2 Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Second Edition   
CLSI EP28-A3c Defining, Establishing, and Verifying Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline - Third Edition

<table><tr><td>CLSI H20-A2</td><td>Reference Leukocyte (WBC) Differential Count (Proportional) and Evaluation of Instrumental Methods; Approved Standard -</td></tr><tr><td>CLSI H26-A2</td><td>Second Edition Validation, Verification, and Quality Assurance of Automated Hematology Analyzers; Approved Standard - Second Edition</td></tr><tr><td>IEC 61010-1:2010</td><td>Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>and laboratory use - Part 1: General requirements IEC 61010-2-101:2015 Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control,</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>and laboratory use - Part 2-101: Particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment</td></tr><tr><td>IEC 61326-1:2012</td><td>Electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use -</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>EMC requirements - Part 1: General requirements</td></tr><tr><td>IEC 61326-2-6:2012</td><td>Electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use -</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>EMC requirements - Part 2-6: Particular requirements - In vitro</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment</td></tr><tr><td>IEC 62304:2006</td><td>Medical device software  Software life cycle processes</td></tr><tr><td>ISO 14971:2007</td><td>Medical devices  Application of risk management to medical devices</td></tr></table>

# 5. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERESTICS

# 5.1. Analytical Performance

# 5.1.1. Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed to compare results of residual whole blood samples that were randomly collected for a minimum of two (2) weeks at each of four (4) clinical sites. Specific interference samples and medical decision level samples were also included at each site. Each sample was processed on the cobas m 511 system and the predicate device within eight (8) hours of venipuncture. Correlation and bias between the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system and the comparator analyzer were determined in accordance with the CLSI EP09-A3 guideline based on the results of either a Passing-Bablok or Deming regression model. For the %NRBC and #NRBC parameters the mean difference was used to calculate bias in accordance with the CLSI EP09-A3 guideline. If a parameter has mixed acceptance criteria comprised of both an absolute bias limit and a proportional bias limit, the bias has been reported at the crossover point where the two (2) bias limits are equal. In these cases the crossover point is listed in both absolute and proportional terms for the same value. Because bias is calculated using a linear model, if the calculated bias was found to be acceptable at the low bias limit, high bias limit, and crossover point (if required), the bias is considered acceptable at all points in between. The results of the Method Comparison evaluation were found to be acceptable for all reportable parameters. The results for all sites combined are shown in Table 3.

Table 3: Summary of cobas m 511 system vs. Predicate Device for All Sites Combined   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pearson's(r)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intercept(95% C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Slope (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SampleRange</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Evaluation Range</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Bias (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowEnd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CrossoverPoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighEnd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At Low Limit</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Crossover Point</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At HighLimt</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02(-0.01, 0.05)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.012(1.007, 1.017)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.04, 247.04)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03(0.00, 0.05)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.07(0.05, 0.08)103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7(1.34, 2.09)[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26(0.87, 1.69)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC[10/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.974</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02(-0.01, 0.04)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.991(0.985, 1.000)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.15, 7.21)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.41(-0.59, -0.25)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.56(-0.82, -0.18)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGB[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1853</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.970</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.33(-0.41, -0.24)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.046(1.039, 1.053)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.20, 21.20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.12(-0.17,-0.07)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14(0.11, 0.15)[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.35(1.15, 1.53)[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.08(2.70, 3.42)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.953</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.72(-1.06, -0.35)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.043(1.033, 1.053)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(13.50, 66.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.87(-2.40, 0.71)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.20(2.68, 3.68)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCV [fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.887</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-3.03(-5.06, -0.87)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.060(1.035, 1.083)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(58.20, 119.20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.25(1.97, 2.58)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.01(2.65, 3.36)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCH[pg]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1844</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.956</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37(0.73, 1.80)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.974(0.960, 0.996)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(17.58, 40.75)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.33(2.14, 2.52)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47(1.19, 1.76)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCHC[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1844</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.559</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.71(14.73, 16.45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.522(0.500, 0.552)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(26.59, 36.80)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26(1.09, 1.43)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.19(-4.44, -3.92)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RDW [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.913</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.46(2.15, 2.74)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.870(0.848, 0.892)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(10.70, 29.40)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.43(6.98, 7.86)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.78(3.39, 4.11)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RDW-SD[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.912</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.48(4.48, 6.46)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.940(0.917, 0.963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(31.70, 97.10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.70(7.31, 8.13)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.13(2.42, 3.90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT [103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1808</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.973</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-11.03(-13.21, -8.94)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.020(1.008, 1.031)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.00, 1061.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10.83(-12.94, -8.85)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-9.54(-11.04,-8.10)1103/L]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-12.73(-14.72, -10.80) (%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.88(-0.08, 1.84)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MPV [fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1678</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.772</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.91(-1.40, -0.20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.063(1.000, 1.111)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(8.00, 13.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-5.08(-6.62, -2.50)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.63(-3.03, -1.96)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pearson's(r)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intercept(5% C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Slope (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SampleRage</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Evaluation Range</td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Bias (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowEnd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CrossoverPoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighEnd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At Low Limit</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Crossover Point</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At HighLimit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%NRBC[/100 WBC]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1862</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.981</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 186.10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.03(-0.06, 0.01)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(meandifference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#NRBC103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1864</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.995</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 9.59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00(0.00, 0.00)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(meandifference)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%NEUT [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1585</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.989</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.62(1.12, 2.15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.012(1.004, 1.019)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(10.10, 94.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.21(4.60, 5.84)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.06(2.82, 3.30)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%LYMPH[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1648</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.989</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.23(-0.37, -0.08)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.977(0.971, 0.983)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.70, 83.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.81(-0.91, -0.70)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.15(-1.32, -0.98)[%LYMPH]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.89(-3.30, -2.44)[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.66(-3.13, -2.15)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%MONO[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1648</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.913</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.60(-0.82, -0.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000(1.000, 1.026)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.60, 24.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.60(-0.78, -0.50)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.60(-0.70, -0.50)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%EO [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1702</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.973</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.08(-0.13, -0.03)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.042(1.030, 1.054)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 32.90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.08(-0.13, -0.03)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13(0.09, 0.17)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%BASO [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1788</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.721</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30(-0.35, -0.25)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.649(1.576, 1.723)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 3.10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.30(-0.35, -0.25)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35(0.31, 0.39)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#NEUT[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1585</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12(0.09, 0.15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.027(1.021, 1.033)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.37, 37.66)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15(0.12, 0.17)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16(0.14, 0.19)103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.98(9.18, 12.37)[(%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.92(3.43, 4.36)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#LYMPH[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1648</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.06(-0.07, -0.05)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.032(1.022, 1.042)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.02, 12.66)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.04(-0.05, -0.03)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01(-0.02, 0.00)/L]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.71(-1.30,-0.16)[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26(0.58, 1.87)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#MONO /L]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1648</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.940</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.03(-0.04, -0.02)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.000(0.976, 1.000)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.01, 6.14)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.03(-0.04, -0.02)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.03(-0.06, -0.03)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#EO[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1702</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.976</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01(-0.01, 0.00)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.071(1.060, 1.083)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 7.17)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.01(-0.01, 0.00)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03(0.03, 0.04)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#BASO103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1788</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.680</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.02(-0.03, -0.02)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.661(1.577, 1.744)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 0.46)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.02(-0.03, -0.02)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04(0.04, 0.05)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%RET [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1842</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.964</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.36(-0.39, -0.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.094(1.072, 1.116)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.05, 12.93)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.31(-0.34, -0.28)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.20(-0.21, -0.18)[%RET]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-11.91(-12.75, -10.83) [(%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4.84(-5.80, -3.81)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter[Units]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pearson&#x27;s(r)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intercept(95% C)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Slope (95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SampleRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Evaluation Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Bias (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowEnd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossoverPoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighEnd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At Low Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crossover Point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At HighLimit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#RET[106/μL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1834</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01(-0.01, -0.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.070(1.047, 1.092)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(0.00, 0.42)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01(-0.01, -0.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 (0.00,0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HGB-RET[pg]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.793</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.29(-4.69,-1.94)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.141(1.100, 1.184)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(16.23, 45.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.23(-2.11, 1.61)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.84 (4.94,6.83</td></tr></table>

# 5.1.2. Flagging Capabilities

Clinical sensitivity studies were conducted at the four (4) clinical sites to evaluate cobas m 511 system messages (flags) for white blood cells versus a 400-cell reference method. The 400-cell reference method according to the CLSI H20-A2 standard refers to the combined results from two (2) 200-cell WBC differentials performed by individuals on two (2) separate blood smears. The samples used represented a variety of abnormal conditions. The results obtained from comparison of cobas m 511 system messages versus the 400-cell reference method met the acceptance criteria for sensitivity and specificity. These results are summarized in Table 4.

Table 4: Clinical Sensitivity Analysis – cobas m 511 system Messages for All Sites Combined   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>cobas m 511 system</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (FlaggedAbnormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (Normal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ReferenceMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(Abnormal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(Normal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>439</td></tr></table>

Sensitivity $\mathit { \Pi } = 1 1 8 / ( 1 1 8 + 9 ) \times 1 0 0 \% = 9 2 . 9 \%$ , Specificity $\prime = 3 0 2 / ( 3 0 2 + 1 0 ) \times 1 0 0 \% = 9 6 . 8 \%$

# 5.1.3. Precision

Precision studies were performed at the four (4) clinical sites to evaluate repeatability (i.e., within-run precision) when whole blood samples were processed thirty-one (31) consecutive times on the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system, as recommended in the CLSI H26-A2 standard. Residual K2 EDTA whole blood samples spanning the upper and lower limit of the analytical measuring range generally encountered in the laboratory were selected for the WBC, RBC, HGB and PLT parameters. In addition, samples at medical decision levels of anemia, thrombocytopenia, severe leukopenia, and nucleated red blood cells were evaluated. The mean, standard deviation (SD), and coefficient of variation (CV) were calculated for each sample per the CLSI EP05-A3 guideline. Repeatability results met their pre-defined acceptance criteria. The results of the individual assessments by parameter for all sites combined are shown in Table 5.

Table 5: Repeatability Results for All Sites Combined   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Size(N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Observations(N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Range ofSampleMeans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean ofSampleMeans</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">WBC[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.98, 130.75)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.233(0.229, 0.238)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.93(1.89, 1.97)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 4.0 x 103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">520</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.98, 3.95)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.096(0.090, 0.102)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.01(2.84, 3.21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 4.0 x 103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3916</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.00, 130.75)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.246(0.241, 0.252)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.85(1.81, 1.90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC[106/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.92, 6.40)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.034(0.034, 0.035)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.84(0.82, 0.86)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGB[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(5.98, 20.26)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.135(0.132, 0.137)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.09(1.06, 1.11)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(18.39, 65.15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.373(0.365, 0.381)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99(0.97, 1.01)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCV[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(66.36, 109.80)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.600(0.588, 0.613)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.65(0.63, 0.66)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCH[pg]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(20.16, 36.19)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.189(0.185, 0.193)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62(0.61, 0.64)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCHC[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(30.22, 34.47)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.142(0.139, 0.145)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43(0.42, 0.44)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RDW[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(12.23, 27.18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.277(0.272, 0.283)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.82(1.78, 1.86)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RDW-SD[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(40.26, 83.41)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.872(0.854, 0.891)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72(1.68, 1.76)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Sample Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Sample Size(N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Observations(N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Range ofSampleMeans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Mean ofSampleMeans</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Repeatability</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PLT[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(14.74, 936.84)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">246.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.749(6.609, 6.895)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.73(2.67, 2.79)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 150 x 103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">950</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(14.74, 149.61)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.364(3.217, 3.525)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.24(3.10, 3.40)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 150 x 103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3455</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(152.71, 936.84)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">286.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.413(7.240, 7.595)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.59(2.53, 2.65)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MPV †[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">141</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4347</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(8.76, 14.91)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.170(0.167, 0.174)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.58(1.55, 1.62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%NRBC *[/100 WBC]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">143</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4405</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 4.09)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.082(0.080, 0.084)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.68(65.29, 68.13)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 0.97)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.080(0.079, 0.082)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.04(83.27, 86.90)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.09, 4.09)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.197(0.157, 0.263)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.80(3.84, 6.42)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">#NRBC10/L]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4436</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 1.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009(0.009, 0.009)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.10(39.27, 40.97)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.25 x 103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 0.20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007(0.007, 0.007)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.46(60.17, 62.79)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 0.25 x 103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.28, 1.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.048(0.041, 0.059)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.06(5.15, 7.38)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%NEUT *[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.82, 96.81)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.598(1.564, 1.632)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.34(2.29, 2.39)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 33.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.82, 30.78)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.749(1.520, 2.060)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.99(6.94, 9.41)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 33.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4278</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(35.19, 96.81)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.594(1.561, 1.629)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.30(2.26, 2.36)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%LYMPH *[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.43, 89.38)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.406(1.377, 1.437)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.74(6.60, 6.89)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 13.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1329</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.43, 13.28)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.913(0.879, 0.949)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.21(11.76, 12.70)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 13.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3036</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(13.47, 89.38)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.575(1.535, 1.616)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.89(5.74, 6.05)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%MONO *[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.36, 21.30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.959(0.939, 0.980)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.25(12.00, 12.52)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 6.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1717</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.36, 6.65)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.760(0.735, 0.786)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.56(15.05, 16.11)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 6.67%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2648</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(6.69, 21.30)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.069(1.040, 1.099)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.97(10.68, 11.28)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%EO *[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 14.66)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.534(0.523, 0.546)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.96(21.50, 22.44)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3529</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 3.97)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.418(0.408, 0.428)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.61(27.95, 29.31)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">836</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(4.09, 14.66)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.867(0.826, 0.911)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.27(12.65, 13.95)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%BASO *[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.01, 2.34)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.278(0.272, 0.284)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.28(44.33, 46.26)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#NEUT *[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.87, 49.70)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.243(0.238, 0.248)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.08(3.02, 3.15)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#LYMPH *[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.21, 116.87)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.173(0.170, 0.177)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.52(7.36, 7.68)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#MONO *[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.03, 7.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.132(0.129, 0.135)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.90(16.55, 17.27)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample Size(N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Observations(N)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Range ofSampleMeans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean ofSampleMeans</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#EO *[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 0.87)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.050(0.049, 0.051)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.15(25.61, 26.72)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">#BASO *[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4365</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.00, 0.25)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028(0.028, 0.029)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.84(54.67, 57.06)</td></tr></table>

\* Only samples with $\geq 2 . 0 \times$ $1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \iota$ WBCs o alculationeetabilityifeential parmers. † Only samples with $\geq 2 0 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ PLT are used for calculation of repeatability of MPV.

# 5.1.4. Reproducibility

Studies were performed to evaluate reproducibility (total precision) at the four (4) clinical sites using three (3) levels of stabilized quality control material (DigiMAC3 control L1, L2 and L3), consistent with Chapter 4 of the CLSI EP05-A3 guideline. The assessment utilized a $4 \times 5 \times 2 \times 3$ design, where: $4 =$ number of clinical sites, $5 =$ number of run days, $2 =$ number of runs (i.e., batches) per day, $3 =$ number of replicates per run. The data generated from this study were used to calculate various components of precision, including the following: Within-Run (Repeatability), Between-Run, Between-Day, Between-Laboratory (Site), Total (Reproducibility). Acceptance criteria were applied to the Total (Reproducibility) component. Reproducibility for the three (3) levels of DigiMAC3 controls was calculated and found to be acceptable for all sites combined for all reportable parameters. The results of this assessment for all sites combined are shown in Table 6.

Table 6: Reproducibility Test Case Results for All Sites Combined   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">BetweenLaboratory(Site)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total(Reproducibility)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">WBC[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.259(0.224, 0.306)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.53(1.32, 1.81)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.151</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.272</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.404(0.290, 0.669)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.39(1.71, 3.95)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.209(0.181, 0.248)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.62(2.27, 3.10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.158</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.271(0.208, 0.391)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.39(2.60, 4.88)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.150(0.130, 0.177)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.66(4.91, 6.70)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.077</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.096</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.194(0.154, 0.261)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.34(5.85, 9.88)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">RBC[106/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.018(0.016, 0.022)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72(0.62, 0.85)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.064</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.070(0.042, 0.200)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.72(1.63, 7.81)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.053(0.046, 0.062)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.23(1.06, 1.45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.039</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.121(0.077, 0.280)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.83(1.80, 6.53)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.056(0.049, 0.066)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.00(0.87, 1.19)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.052</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.139(0.089, 0.319)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50(1.59, 5.72)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HGB[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058(0.050, 0.068)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92(0.80, 1.09)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.230(0.136, 0.701)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.67(2.17, 11.19)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.143(0.124, 0.169)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16(1.01, 1.37)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.417(0.254, 1.117)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.38(2.06, 9.08)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.216(0.187, 0.256)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24(1.07, 1.46)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.145</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.461</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.530(0.330, 1.311)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.04(1.89, 7.51)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">BetweenLaboratory(Site)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Total(Reproducibility)</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CIl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HCT[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.154(0.134, 0.183)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85(0.74, 1.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.409</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.465(0.287, 1.192)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.57(1.58, 6.58)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.406(0.352, 0.480)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16(1.01, 1.37)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.639</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.817(0.541, 1.651)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.34(1.55, 4.72)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.596(0.516, 0.705)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.21(1.05, 1.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.331</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.735</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.003(0.690, 1.828)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.04(1.40, 3.71)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MCV[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.305(0.264, 0.361)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43(0.37, 0.51)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.535(0.417, 0.744)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76(0.59, 1.05)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.342(0.297, 0.405)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.42(0.36, 0.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.356</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.239</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.474</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.725(0.522, 1.188)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89(0.64, 1.46)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.413(0.358, 0.488)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47(0.41, 0.55)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.285</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.464</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.499</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.846(0.624, 1.316)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96(0.71, 1.49)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MCH[pg]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.129(0.112, 0.153)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53(0.46, 0.62)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.087</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.347(0.222, 0.784)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42(0.91, 3.20)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.110(0.095, 0.130)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38(0.33, 0.45)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.114</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.232</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.301(0.200, 0.602)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05(0.70, 2.10)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.134(0.116, 0.158)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.43(0.37, 0.51)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.092</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.102</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.216</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.289(0.196, 0.549)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92(0.63, 1.75)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MCHC[g/dL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.122(0.106, 0.145)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35(0.31, 0.42)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.448</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.522(0.326, 1.285)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51(0.94, 3.72)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.107(0.093, 0.126)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.30(0.26, 0.36)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.489(0.296, 1.340)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39(0.84, 3.81)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.097(0.084, 0.115)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28(0.24, 0.33)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.084</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.415</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.467(0.285, 1.242)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32(0.80, 3.51)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CIl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">RDW[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.277(0.240, 0.328)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77(1.54, 2.10)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.060</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.379(0.284, 0.572)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.43(1.82, 3.66)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.248(0.215, 0.294)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.88(1.63, 2.23)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.338(0.287, 0.410)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.56(2.18, 3.11)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.277(0.240, 0.328)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.11(1.83, 2.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.86</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.300(0.256, 0.363)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.29(1.95, 2.76)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">RDW-SD[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.587(0.508, 0.694)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.48(1.28, 1.75)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.263</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.744</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.030(0.715, 1.837)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.59(1.80, 4.62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.628(0.544, 0.743)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.63(1.41, 1.92)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.487</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.480</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.929(0.734, 1.266)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.40(1.90, 3.28)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.759(0.658, 0.898)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.82(1.58, 2.15)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.449</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.907(0.731, 1.196)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.18(1.75, 2.87)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PLT[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">470.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.611(3.994, 5.455)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.98(0.85, 1.16)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.885</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.705</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.187</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.090(5.856, 13.074)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.72(1.24, 2.78)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">215.97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.213(2.783, 3.802)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.49(1.29, 1.76)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.771</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.524</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.262</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.734(3.734, 6.468)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.19(1.73, 2.99)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.281(1.110, 1.516)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.67(1.45, 1.98)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.916</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.697</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.935</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.960(1.562, 2.632)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.56(2.04, 3.43)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MPV[fL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.089(0.077, 0.106)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.17(1.01, 1.38)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.020</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.042</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.101(0.084, 0.126)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.32(1.10, 1.64)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.103(0.089, 0.122)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.38(1.19, 1.63)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.039</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.133(0.109, 0.170)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.77(1.45, 2.27)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.173(0.150, 0.205)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.35(2.04, 2.78)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.028</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.043</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.180(0.159, 0.209)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.45(2.16, 2.84)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">BetweenLaboratory(Site)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total(Reproducibility)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CIl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%NRBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.931(0.806, 1.101)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.09(4.41, 6.02)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.528(1.028, 2.958)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.35(5.62, 16.17)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[100 WBC]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.011(0.876, 1.196)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.44(9.91, 13.54)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.427</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.129(0.961, 1.370)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.78(10.87, 15.51)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">#NRBC[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.067(0.058, 0.079)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.59(3.97, 5.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.023</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.131(0.084, 0.293)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.94(5.73, 20.02)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.027(0.023, 0.032)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.62(10.07, 13.75)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.032(0.026, 0.042)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.82(11.25, 17.93)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%NEUT[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.734(1.502, 2.051)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.97(2.57, 3.52)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.161</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.432</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.74</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.185(1.689, 3.096)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.74(2.89, 5.31)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.867(1.617, 2.209)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.12(2.70, 3.69)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.466(1.948, 3.364)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.13(3.26, 5.63)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.957(1.695, 2.315)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.34(2.89, 3.95)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.485</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.856</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.133</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.466(2.004, 3.206)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.20(3.42, 5.47)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%LYMPH[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.667(1.444, 1.972)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.23(3.67, 5.01)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.119(1.608, 3.107)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.38(4.08, 7.89)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.798(1.558, 2.127)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.82(4.17, 5.70)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.252</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.442(1.918, 3.362)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.54(5.14, 9.01)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.997(1.730, 2.363)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.33(4.62, 6.31)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.721</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.93</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.088</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.386(1.953, 3.069)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.37(5.21, 8.19)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">BetweenLaboratory(Site)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">Total(Reproducibility)</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CIl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%MONO[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.584(0.506, 0.691)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.89(25.02, 34.18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.626(0.537, 0.752)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.99(26.55, 37.21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.663(0.574, 0.784)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.02(23.41, 31.97)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.167</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.096</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.744(0.633, 0.903)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.35(25.82, 36.84)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.761(0.659, 0.900)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.43(21.16, 28.90)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.093</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.244</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.825(0.716, 0.972)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.47(22.99, 31.22)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%EO[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.141(0.122, 0.167)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81.81(70.86, 96.79)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.040</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.085</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.180(0.146, 0.237)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.57(84.48, 137.28)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.191(0.166, 0.226)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.20(53.88, 73.59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.076</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.241(0.197, 0.311)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.43(64.12, 101.03)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.351(0.304, 0.415)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.26(44.40, 60.65)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.078</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.247</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.436(0.338, 0.614)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.74(49.43, 89.76)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">%BASO[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.127(0.110, 0.151)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136.58(118.30, 161.59)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.059</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.140(0.118, 0.174)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.36(126.25, 185.94)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.129(0.112, 0.153)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102.85(89.09, 121.68)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.039</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.037</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.163(0.130, 0.219)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129.51(103.30, 173.66)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.114(0.099, 0.135)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139.61(120.93, 165.18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.021</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.123(0.108, 0.143)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150.75(132.53, 174.84)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">#NEUT[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.307(0.266, 0.363)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.11(2.69, 3.68)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.052</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.090</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.340(0.296, 0.400)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.44(3.00, 4.05)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.191(0.166, 0.226)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.00(3.47, 4.73)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.040</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.091</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.228(0.194, 0.276)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.76(4.06, 5.77)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.098(0.085, 0.116)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.31(5.47, 7.47)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.035</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.119(0.101, 0.145)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.70(6.54, 9.35)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% CIl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">#LYMPH[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.314(0.272, 0.371)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.71(4.08, 5.57)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.076</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.321</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.455(0.322, 0.775)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.83(4.83, 11.62)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.167(0.144, 0.197)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.58(4.83, 6.60)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.089</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.151</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.242(0.179, 0.373)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.10(5.99, 12.47)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.078(0.067, 0.092)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.85(6.80, 9.29)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.062</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.103(0.078, 0.152)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.39(7.86, 15.33)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">#MONO[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.098(0.085, 0.116)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.72(24.88, 33.98)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.104(0.090, 0.122)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.24(26.26, 35.64)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.054(0.047, 0.064)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.46(23.78, 32.49)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.009</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.058(0.050, 0.068)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29.45(25.59, 34.68)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.022(0.019, 0.026)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.57(23.01, 31.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.023(0.020, 0.027)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.30(24.84, 32.91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">#EO[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.023(0.020, 0.028)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.03(67.59, 92.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.029(0.024, 0.038)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.49(80.80, 126.18)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.015(0.013, 0.018)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.27(53.94, 73.67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019(0.016, 0.025)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79.91(65.61, 102.25)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010(0.009, 0.012)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.09(47.72, 65.18)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012(0.009, 0.016)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.47(52.47, 90.72)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">#BASO[103/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.021(0.018, 0.024)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125.97(109.11, 149.04)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.023(0.019, 0.029)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">142.16(119.16, 176.27)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010(0.009, 0.012)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.05(83.20, 113.64)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.013(0.010, 0.017)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">121.70(97.41, 162.24)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004(0.003, 0.004)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">219.09(189.77, 259.21)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004(0.003, 0.005)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">235.94(204.89, 278.17)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Parameter[Units]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ControlLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-Run(Repeatability)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-Day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">BetweenLaboratory(Site)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Total(Reproducibility)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV(95% Cl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">%RET[%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.525(0.455, 0.621)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.03(6.09, 8.32)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.310</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.155</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.397</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.744(0.583, 1.029)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.97(7.81, 13.79)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.261(0.226, 0.309)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.97(6.90, 9.43)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.375(0.295, 0.515)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.42(8.98, 15.69)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">#RET[10%/μL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.014(0.012, 0.017)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.40(6.41, 8.76)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.008</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019(0.015, 0.026)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.03(8.02, 13.39)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.012(0.011, 0.014)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.66(7.50, 10.25)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.017(0.013, 0.025)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.42(9.55, 17.75)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">HGB-RET[pg]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.320(0.277, 0.379)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.27(1.10, 1.50)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.327</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.504(0.370, 0.794)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.00(1.47, 3.15)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.369(0.320, 0.437)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.41(1.23, 1.67)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.149</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.362</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.557(0.407, 0.883)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.14(1.56, 3.38)</td></tr></table>

# 5.1.5. Linearity

Linearity studies were conducted for WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, PLT, and RET parameters. Serial dilutions of known high concentration of $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA whole blood samples and whole blood components, which spanned the full measuring range for each of the aforementioned parameters, were run in both closed-tube mode and open-tube mode on multiple cobas m 511 systems. Each concentration from each dilution series was run for six (6) replicates [five (5) replicates for the reticulocyte series]. Results were analyzed in accordance with the CLSI EP06-A guideline. The method has been demonstrated to be linear from the lower limit to the upper limit and all results met acceptance criteria. Results for closed-tube mode are shown in Table 7. Open-tube mode results were comparable.

Table 7: Whole Blood Linearity   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intercept</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slope</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MaximumAbsoluteDeviation(Relative)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MaximumAllowableDeviation(Relative)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">System 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.040</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.022</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.07, 404.8)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">System 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.041</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.897</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 (11.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.04, 561.1)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">System 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.984</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.06, 460.5)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.287</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.902</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16 (6.9%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(9, 5000)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.246</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 (4.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(5, 5020)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.963</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1, 5000)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.672</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0, 5130)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.789</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 (2.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 (20%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.02, 0.63)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">System 4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.072</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.990</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 (1.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.37, 8.26)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11 (1.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.1, 24.2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.033</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.06 (2.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(3.2, 72.2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-2.149</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.884</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 (3.1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(9, 5000)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.839</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 (5.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05 (20%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.03, 0.75)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">System 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.053</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.979</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03 (2.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.37, 8.26)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.016</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 (2.3%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.1, 24.2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.329</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 (4.4%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(3.2, 72.2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-1.654</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.945</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01 (1.8%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 (15%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(9, 5000)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.616</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.01, 0.75)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">System 6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106/μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.045</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(0.37, 8.26)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HGB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.007</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.04 (0.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1.1, 24.2)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-0.196</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.027</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 (2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (10%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(3.2, 72.2)</td></tr></table>

\*No deviation from linearity since the linear model was the best fit.

# 5.1.6. Carryover

Carryover was studied at each of the four (4) clinical sites for white and red blood cells and platelets consistent with the International Council for Standardization in Haematology (ICSH) guidelines for the evaluation of blood cell analyzers and CLSI H26-A2 standard. Samples with high percentages of blasts were also added to this evaluation, although not required by the ICSH guidelines or CLSI standard. In this evaluation, for each of the four (4) sample types, three (3) independent carryover experiments were conducted using residual high target value (HTV) whole blood samples. Filtered serum samples were used as low target value (LTV) samples. At each site and on each run day, HTV samples were run three (3) consecutive times immediately followed by three (3) LTV serum samples. Slides from the LTV serum samples were reviewed by an external hematopathologist to determine cell carryover from the HTV samples. Carryover results for the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system met acceptance criteria and are shown in Table 8.

Table 8: Summary of Carryover Results for All Sites Combined   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Size (N)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Percent Carryover</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red Blood Cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blasts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000%</td></tr></table>

# 5.1.7. Interfering Substances

Studies were conducted to evaluate potential interference effects of hemolysis, lipemia and icterus (i.e., conjugated bilirubin and unconjugated bilirubin) and high concentrations of white blood cells (WBC) and platelets (PLT) on the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system. For hemolysis, lipemia and icterus, dose-response experiments were conducted using the ASSURANCE™ Interference Test Kit (Sun Diagnostics, New Gloucester, ME, USA) and whole blood donor samples. For the high concentrations of white blood cells and platelets, dose-response experiments were conducted using apheresis samples with matched whole blood from donors. Each interfering substance was tested in a series of six (6) incremental concentration samples. Results were analyzed using regression analysis in accordance with the CLSI EP07-A2 guideline. The results showed no significant interference effects of unconjugated bilirubin or conjugated bilirubin up to the maximum tested concentration of $4 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for each of the parameters that were evaluated. There were no significant hemolysis interference effects up to the maximum tested concentration of $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for the parameters that were evaluated with the exception of clinically significant hemolysis interference effects observed at $\geq 6 7 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ for HGB and $\geq 7 9 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ for HCT. There were no significant lipemia interference effects up to the maximum tested concentration of $3 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for the parameters that were evaluated with the exception that clinically significant lipemia interference effects were observed at $\geq 1 6 4 6 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for WBC and $\geq 2 4 5 9 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for #LYMPH. For all evaluated parameters, there were no significant interference effects of high concentrations of white blood cells up to the maximum tested concentration of $1 0 0 . 2 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ and high concentrations of platelets up to maximum tested concentration of $1 1 6 6 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ .

# 5.1.8. Specimen Stability

A study of normal samples was conducted using thirty-one (31) whole blood samples from healthy volunteer donors. Samples were processed in duplicate at each of the following time points: baseline [time zero (0)] and after 9, 20, 26, 38, and 50 hours in both ambient $( 1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and refrigerated $( 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ storage conditions.

A study of the abnormal samples was conducted using fourteen (14) residual de-identified whole blood samples at targeted medical decision levels. Samples were processed in duplicate at each of the following time points: baseline [time zero (0)] and after 9, 26, and 50 hours in both ambient $1 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ ) and refrigerated $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ storage conditions.

The data from both normal and abnormal samples were combined in order to determine the extent of changes in all reported parameters over an extended period of time up to fifty (50) hours. Each parameter was analyzed separately at both ambient and refrigerated temperatures. For each time point, results were compared to the respective baseline [zero (0) hour] results. The combined results demonstrated stability for normal and abnormal samples up to or beyond twenty-four (24) hours.

# 5.1.9. Anticoagulant Comparison Study

Studies were conducted to demonstrate comparability between whole blood samples collected into $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA. Forty-four (44) whole blood samples from healthy volunteer donors and forty (40) residual whole blood samples that included thirty (30) targeted abnormal samples were evaluated. Samples from healthy donors were collected via venipuncture into separate $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA blood collection tubes as recommended in the CLSI H26-A2 standard. Each tube was processed on a single cobas m 511 system and the $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA results compared to $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA results for all reportable parameters. Residual whole blood samples collected into $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA were processed on a cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system and the predicate device. Results from the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system and the predicate device were compared for all reportable parameters. Correlation and bias were assessed in accordance with the CLSI EP09-A3 guideline. All acceptance criteria were met, demonstrating equivalency of results obtained from samples collected into $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA.

# 5.1.10. Venous and Capillary Blood Method Comparisons

Studies were conducted to demonstrate comparability between whole blood samples collected via venipuncture (venous) and finger-stick (capillary), as recommended in the CLSI H26-A2 standard. Forty (40) whole blood samples from healthy volunteer donors were utilized. Blood was drawn twice from each healthy donor, once via venipuncture and once via finger-stick. Additionally, forty (40) residual whole blood capillary samples, which included thirty (30) targeted abnormal samples, were evaluated in a method comparison analysis with the predicate device. All samples were processed in the open-tube mode on the predicate device and the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system. Results from the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system and the predicate device were compared for all reportable parameters. Correlation and bias were assessed in accordance with the CLSI EP09-A3 guideline. Overall, the data demonstrate comparable results between venous and capillary blood processed on the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system.

# 5.1.11. Mode to Mode Analysis

A study was conducted at the four (4) clinical sites to compare results from samples processed in the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system open-tube mode versus the closed-tube mode. For this study, samples processed in the closed-tube mode were automatically mixed on the cobas m 511 system, while samples processed in the open-tube mode were manually mixed prior to processing. Correlation and bias between the closed-tube and open-tube mode results were determined in accordance with the CLSI EP09-A3 guideline based on the results of either a Passing-Bablok or Deming regression model. For the $\%$ NRBC and #NRBC parameters the mean difference was used to calculate bias in accordance with the CLSI EP09-A3 guideline. The results were found to be acceptable in that all twenty-six (26) reportable parameters that were evaluated met acceptance criteria.

5.1.12. Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD), and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) A study was conducted to evaluate LoB, LoD and LoQ for the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system according to the CLSI EP17-A2 guideline. To determine LoB, testing was performed on three (3) individual test days using preserved RBC samples. The calculated LoB for WBC is $0 . 0 5 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ and for PLT is $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ . To determine LoD, residual whole blood samples with targeted low level values that were greater than the LoB were used. Testing was performed on three (3) individual test days, using two (2) residual whole blood samples with targeted low level values for WBC and PLT parameters on each day. The calculated LoD for WBC is $0 . 0 8 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ and for PLT is $3 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ . To determine LoQ, residual whole blood samples with targeted low level values that were greater than the LoD were required. Testing was performed on three (3) individual test days for WBC and PLT samples. The calculated LoQ for WBC is $0 . 2 4 \times 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ and for PLT is $6 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 3 } / \mu \mathrm { L }$ .

# 5.1.13. Reference Intervals

Reference ranges from normal healthy donors were established for adult males, adult females, and the following six (6) pediatric subgroups: 0 to ${ < } 6$ months, 6 to $< 2 4$ months, 2 to ${ < } 6$ years, 6 to $^ { < 1 2 }$ years, 12 to ${ < } 1 8$ years (female), and 12 to ${ < } 1 8$ years (male). For each targeted population, normal reference ranges for all parameters reported by the cobas $\mathbf { m } 5 1 1$ system were calculated in accordance with the CLSI EP28-A3c guideline. Adult reference ranges were established using data from four (4) sites, while the pediatric data was established using data from a single site. The normal reference ranges for adult and pediatric cohorts are consistent with those in the published literature. Reference intervals may differ because of differences in sex, age, diet, fluid intake, or geographic location. Therefore, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own expected reference intervals based upon their individual patient populations.

# 6. PROPOSED LABELING

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# 7. CONCLUSIONS

The information provided in this Premarket Notification 510(k) supports a determination of substantial equivalence for the cobas m 511integrated hematology analyzer.