Sysmex America, Inc. Michelle Abraham Manager, Regulatory Affairs 577 Aptakisic Road Lincolnshire, Illinois 60069

Re: K172604 Trade/Device Name: XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer for CLIA Waived Use Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: August 28, 2017 Received: August 30, 2017

Dear Michelle Abraham:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k172604

Device Name XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

The 510(k) summary for the Sysmex XW-100 CLIA Waived Automated Hematology Analyzer instrument is presented in Table 1.0, and the similarities and differences between the Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer for CLIA Waived use and predicate XW-100 Point of Care devices are provided in Table 2.0.   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Table 1.0 Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td>1. Submitted by</td><td>Sysmex America, Inc. 577 Aptakisic Rd Lincolnshire, IL 60069</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phone: 224.543.9639 Fax: 224.543.4699 Contact person: Michelle Abraham Date prepared: August 28, 2017</td></tr><tr><td>2Name of device</td><td>Trade or proprietary name: Sysmex XW-100 Common name: XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer Classification name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulation number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Classification: Class 2</td></tr><tr><td>3. Predicate device 4Device description</td><td>Product Code: GKZ Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer for Point of Care Use The XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer is an electrical</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>resistance type blood cell counter. This technology may be variously referred to as direct current (DC) or impedance. The analyzer uses a human whole blood specimen and produces results for 12 hematology parameters, including the basic complete blood count (CBC), 3 part white blood cell (WBC) differential, and MCV. The analyzer uses DC with hydrodynamic focusing for all parameters except hemoglobin, which is measured photometrically. The patient sample is aspirated, measured, diluted with diluent (and Lyse for WBC measurement), then fed into a transducer chamber by means of a hydrodynamic focusing nozzle. The transducer chamber has a minute hole, or aperture. Electrodes are mounted on both sides of the aperture chamber, through which flows the DC. Blood cells suspended in the diluted sample are injected through the aperture by the hydrodynamic focusing nozzle. The hydrodynamic focusing nozzle is positioned in front of the aperture and in line with the aperture's center. This method improves cell counting accuracy because all blood cells are separated from each other and can only pass through the aperture in 1 direction, 1 at a time. When a cell passes through the aperture, it causes a change in the DC resistance that is directly proportional to its size. These resistance changes are captured as electric pulses. The various blood cell counts are calculated by counting the pulses that occur in each cell size category. The analyzer then determines blood cell</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Table 1.0 Sysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzer Use 510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">volume and identifies rare and pathological cells by creating andanalyzing histograms of the various cell populations using theirrespective pulse heights. Hemoglobin is measuredphotometrically using a noncyanide methodology, which reducesthe presence of hazardous materials in the analyzer waste stream.The quality controls that are used with the XW-100 CLIAWaived Automated Hematology Analyzer comprise XW QCCHECK, which contains stabilized red blood cell component(s),stabilized WBC component(s), and stabilized plateletcomponent(s) in a preserving medium. XW QC CHECKcomponents are packaged in glass vials with screw capscontaining 2 mL. The vials are packaged in a welled vacuum-formed clamshell container.XW QC CHECK is stored at room temperature (15°C-25°C).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5. Substantial equivalence-similarities and differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Table 2.0 compares the Sysmex XW-100 AutomatedHematology Analyzer for CLIA Waived Use with theSysmex XW-100 Automated Hematology Analyzerfor Point of Care Use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6. Clinical performance data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Please reference k143577 for clinical performance data andCW170004 for clinical field data and flex studies.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7. Conclusions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The performance data demonstrated substantial equivalence to thepredicate device.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 2.0 Similarities and Differences Table</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate(k143577)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The XW-100 Automated HematologyAnalyzer (XW-100) is a quantitativeautomated   hematology   analyzerintended for in vitro diagnostic use toclassify and enumerate the followingparameters for venous whole bloodanticoagulated with K2/K3 EDTA:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, PLT,LYM%Other WBC%, NEUT%,LYM#, Other WBC#, and NEUT#. Itis not for use in diagnosing ormonitoring patients with primary orsecondary    chronic   hematologicdiseases/disorders, oncology patients,critically ill patients, or children underthe age of 2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sysmex XW-100TM is aquantitative automatedhematology analyzer intended forin vitro diagnostic point-of- careuse to classify and enumerate thefollowing parameters for venouswhole blood anticoagulated withK2/K3 EDTA: WBC, RBC,HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, LYM%, OtherWBC%, NEUT%, LYM#, OtherWBC#, NEUT#, RDW-SD,RDW-CV, andMPV. It is not for use indiagnosing or monitoringoncology patients, children underthe age of 2, or for chronically orcritically ill patients.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Impedance technology (direct currentdetection) with hydrodynamic focusingfor all parameters except hemoglobin,which is measured photometrically.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Channel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single hydrodynamic focusedimpedance chamber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulated (K2EDTA or K3EDTA)venous whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample aspirationvolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XW Pack L (lyse)XW Pack D (diluent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 cycles per hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test SystemDimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Width: 7 inchesHeight: 14 inchesDepth: 18 inches</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mode of Operation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration andQuality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XW QC CHECK (k143577)SCSTM-1000 calibrator (k943268)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>