May 9, 2018

Sekisui Medical Co., Ltd. $\%$ Shelly Harris Director of Regulatory Affairs Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC 6659 Top Gun Drive San Diego, California 92121

Re: K173202 Trade/Device Name: CP3000 Coagulation analyzer, Coagpia AT Reagent, Coagpia Calibrator, Coagpia Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA, JBQ, JIX, GGN Dated: March 23, 2018 Received: April 9, 2018

Dear Shelly Harris:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K173202

Device Name CP3000 Coagulation Analyzer, Coagpia AT Reagent, Coagpia Calibrator, and Coagpia Control Set

Indications for Use (Describe)   
CP3000 analyzer   
The CP3000 is a fully automated, random-access in vitro blood coagulation analyzer intended for use by healthcare professionals in the clinical laboratory. The CP3000 analyzer is designed to process plasma samples photometrically using chromogenic assays.

Coagpia AT Reagent

Coagpia AT Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of antithrombin (AT) activity in human $3 . 2 \%$ citrated venous plasma. The reagent is intended for use on Sekisui CP3000 analyzers by trained laboratory personnel in clinical laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use.

Coagpia Calibrator   
The Coagpia Calibrator is intended for use as a calibration plasma for the following Sekisui coagulation assay on Sekisui CP3000 analyzers by trained laboratory personnel in clinical laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use.   
- Coagpia AT Reagent Coagpia Control Set   
The Coagpia Control Set contains 2 levels of assayed plasma intended for the quality control of the following Sekisui coagulation assay on Sekisui CP3000 analyzers by trained laboratory personnel. For in vitro diagnostic use. - Coagpia AT Reagent

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# SECTION 5 510(K) SUMMARY

This $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ . This is a Traditional $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ .

# 5.1. SPONSOR/APPLICANT INFORMATION AND DATE [807.92(A) (1)]

Owner/Manufacturer Name and Address:

Sekisui Medical Co., Ltd.   
1-3, Nihonbashi, 2-Chome   
Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0027, Japan   
FEI Number: 3006769061   
Establishment Registration Number: 3003539867

Submitter Name and Address:

Sekisui Medical Co., Ltd.   
1-3, Nihonbashi, 2-Chome   
Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0027, Japan   
FEI Number: 3006769061   
Establishment Registration Number: 3003539867

# Contact Person:

Shelly Harris   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC   
(858) 777-2627   
Michelle.harris@sekisui-dx.com

Application correspondent:

Shelly Harris   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC   
(858) 777-2627   
Michelle.harris@sekisui-dx.com

Date Summary prepared:

5.2. DEVICE NAME AND CLASSIFICATION [807.92 (A)(2)]   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CP3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoagulationAnalyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipurpose system for invitro coagulation studies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.5425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia ATReagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombinassay reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin III assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.7060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JBQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator(StandardHuman Plasma)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, multi-analytemixture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.5425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia ControlSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma, CoagulationControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.5425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GGN</td></tr></table>

# 5.3. IDENTIFICATION OF LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICES [807.92(A)(3)]

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate 510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CP3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K160276- ACL TOP 700 LAS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia AT Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K062431</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Calibration Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K041905</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Normal Control AssayedHemosIL Low Abnormal Control Assayed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K021023K021024</td></tr></table>

# 5.4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION [807.92 (A)(4)]

<table><tr><td>Trade Name CP3000</td><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The CP3000 is designed for easy-to-use, rapid in-vitro blood coagulation testing on citrated human plasma. The CP3000 system is capable of performing the chromogenic methodologic assay, giving the user the ability to perform analysis for both direct hemostasis measurements and calculated parameters. For these assay methodologies, the analyzers employs two photometric detection methods: light scattering and absorbance. The light scattering method uses light emitting diodes at a wavelength of 660 nm, and the absorbance method uses a halogen lamp</td></tr><tr><td>Coagpia AT Reagent</td><td>with filters providing wavelengths at 405/570/730 nm. Coagpia AT Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of antithrombin (AT) activity in human plasma on the CP3000 analyzers. The reagent is supplied in a kit of 2 x 10 mL of Reagent 1 and 1 x 10mL of Reagent 2. Both reagents are liquid and do not require any preparation prior to use.</td></tr><tr><td>Coagpia Calibrator</td><td>The Coagpia Calibrator is supplied as 10 vials of lyophilized human plasma and is suitable for the calibration of the antithrombin activity assay using Coagpia AT Reagent on the CP3000 coagulation analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td>Trade Name</td><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>Coagpia Control Set</td><td>The Coagpia Control Set is supplied as10 vials of lyophilized human plasma; 5 vials of Level 1 Control and 5 vials of Level 2 Control and is suitable for use with the antithrombin activity assay using Coagpia AT Reagent on the CP3000</td></tr></table>

# 5.5. INTENDED USE [807.92 (A)(5)]

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CP3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CP3000 is a fully automated, random-access in vitro blood coagulationanalyzer intended for use by healthcare professionals in the clinicallaboratory. The CP3000 analyzer is designed to process plasma samplesphotometrically using chromogenic assays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia AT Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia AT Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination ofantithrombin (AT) activity in human 3.2% citrated venous plasma. Thereagent is intended for use on Sekisui CP3000 analyzers by trainedlaboratory personnel in clinical laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Coagpia Calibrator is intended for use as a calibration plasma for thefollowing Sekisui coagulation assay on Sekisui CP3000 analyzers by trainedlaboratory personnel in clinical laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use.Coagpia AT Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia Control Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Coagpia Control set contains 2 levels of assayed plasma intended for thequality control of the following Sekisui coagulation assay on Sekisui CP3000analyzers by trained laboratory personnel. For in vitro diagnostic use.•Coagpia AT Reagent</td></tr></table>

# 5.6. TECHNOLOGICAL SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES TO THE PREDICATE [807.92 (A)(6)]

The CP3000 coagulation analyzers and Coagpia AT Reagent, Coagpia Calibrator and Coagpia Control Set included in the submission each has a unique predicate device, as described in the tables below.

# 5.6.1 CP3000 Coagulation Analyzers

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>New Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CP3000 (CTS and non-CTS)(There will be 2 catalog codes forCTS and non-CTS)(Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP 700 (CTS and non-CTS)(K160276)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Options</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Available with closed tube sampling(CTS) function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CP3000 is a fully automated,random-access invitrobloodcoagulation analyzer intended for useby healthcare professionals in theclinical laboratory. The CP3000analyzer is designed to process plasmasamples photometrically    usingchromogenic assays.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP is a bench top, fullyautomated, random access analyzerdesigned specifically for in vitrodiagnostic clinical use in the hemostasislaboratory for coagulation and/orfibrinolysis testing in the assessment ofthrombosis and/or hemostasis. Thesystem provides results for both directhemostasis measurement and calculatedparameter.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•Chromogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coagulometric (turbidimetric)measurementChromogenic (absorbance)measurement•  Immunological measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen operationWindows 7 Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen operationWindows XP Operating System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric•Absorbance• Light scattering</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PhotometricAbsorbance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelengths</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  405 nm•  570 nm• 660 nm•  730 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">405 nm671 nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput(non-CTS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 clotting tests/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 330 PT and APTT tests/hour</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Reagent Handling</td><td>Refrigerated on board Internal bar code sample identification</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.6.2 Coagpia AT Reagent

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>New Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coagpia AT Reagent(Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin(K062431)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antithrombin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coagpia AT Reagent is intended for thequantitative determination ofantithrombin (AT) activity in human3.2% citrated venous plasma. Thereagent is intended for use on SekisuiCP3000 analyzers by trained laboratorypersonnel in clinical laboratories. For invitro diagnostic use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin is anautomated chromogenic assay for thequantitative determination ofAntithrombin in human citrated plasmaas an aid in the diagnosis of hereditaryand acquired Antithrombin deficiencyand to monitor Antithrombinsubstitution therapy.This in vitro diagnostic test is based ona synthetic chromogenic substrate andon Factor Xa inactivation. As aconsequence, it is specific and notinfluenced by Heparin Cofactor II.Antithrombin levels in patient plasmaare measured automatically on ILCoagulation Systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent State</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Key Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•   Factor Xa (bovine)•   Heparin•   N-Acetyl-D-arginyl-glycyl-L-arginyl-p-nitroanilidedihydrochloride    (chromogenicsubstrate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Factor Xa (bovine)•  Heparin•   N-α-Z-D-Arg-Gly-Arg-pNA·2HCl (chromogenicsubstrate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human citrated plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human citrated plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89 -131%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83 - 128%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Repeatability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7-2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 - 7.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within Laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1-5.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1 - 8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td>New Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Coagpia AT Reagent (Proposed)</td><td>HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin (K062431)</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Clinical Reportable Range (CRR)</td><td>14-150%</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 5.6.3 Coagpia Calibrator

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagpia Calibrator (Proposed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Calibration plasma (K041905)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use andIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Coagpia Calibrator is intended foruse as a calibration plasma for thefollowing Sekisui coagulation assay onSekisui CP3000 analyzers by trainedlaboratory personnel in clinicallaboratories. For in vitro diagnosticuse.Coagpia AT Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Calibration plasma is intendedfor the calibration of coagulation assays onIL and ELECTRA Coagulation Systems.Used for the determination of PT,Fibrinogen, Single Factors, von WillebrandFactor, Antithrombin, Plasminogen,Plasmin Inhibitor, Protein C, Protein S, andas a reference plasma for APTT and TT.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen, Antithrombin, PT, SingleFactors,   von  Willebrand Factor,Plasminogen, Plasmin Inhibitor, Protein C,Protein S, and as a reference plasma forAPTT and TT.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Key Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.6.4 Coagpia Control Set

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coagpia Control Set(Proposed)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL NormalControl Assayed(K021023)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL High AbnormalControl Assayed(K021024)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use andIndications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Coagpia Control setcontains 2 levels of assayedplasma intended for the qualitycontrol of the followingSekisui coagulation assay onSekisui CP3000 analyzers bytrained laboratory personnel.For in vitro diagnostic use.•  Coagpia AT Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL NormalControl ASSAYED isintended for the qualitycontrol of coagulationassays in the normalrange on IL Coagulation ELECTRA Systems. Theand ELECTRA Systems. High Abnormal Control isThe normal control isprepared using humancitrated plasma fromHealth donors. Valuesfor all analytes are</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL High AbnormalControl ASSAYED isintended for the qualitycontrol of coagulation assaysin the high abnormal rangeon IL Coagulation andrange on IL Coagulation ELECTRA Systems. Theand ELECTRA Systems. High Abnormal Control isprepared using humancitrated plasma from healthydonors (not heparinizedplasma or plasma samplesunder oral anticoagulation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">within the normal range. therapy) and modified to</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">within the normal range. therapy) and modified tostimulate an abnormalcoagulation sample. Valuesfor all analytes are in thehigh abnormal range.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Key Components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.7. SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA [807.92 (B)(1)]

# 5.7.1 CP3000 Coagulation analyzers

The CP3000 analyzers were successfully tested for electrical safety, emissions and immunity according to the following standards:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Title</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Electrical   SafetyTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61010-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety requirements for electrical equipment formeasurement, control and laboratory use. Part 1: Generalrequirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61010-2-081</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety requirements for electrical equipment formeasurement, control and laboratory use - Part 2-081:Particular requirements for automatic and semi-automaticlaboratory equipment for analysis and other purposes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 60825-1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety of laser products  Part 1: Equipment classificationand requirements</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC61010-2-101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety requirements for electrical equipment formeasurement, control and laboratory use - Part 2-101.Particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD)medical equipment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Emission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61326-2-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical equipment for measurement, control andlaboratory use  EMC requirements  Part 2-6: Particularrequirements - In vitro diagnostic (IVD) medicalequipment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CISPR 11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Industrial, scientific and medical equipment  Radio-frequency disturbance characteristics  Limits and methodsof measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-3-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 3-2: Limits Limits for harmonic current emissions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-3-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 3-3: Limits Limitation of voltage changes, voltage fluctuations andflicker in public low - voltage supply systems, forequipment with rated current ≤16 A per phase and not</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">subject to conditional connection</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Immunity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61326-2-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrical equipment for measurement, control andlaboratory use - EMC requirements - Part 2-6: Particularrequirements  In vitro diagnostic (ICD) medical equipment</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-2: Testingand measurement techniques  Electrostatic dischargeimmunity test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-3: Testingand measurement techniques  Radiated, radio-frequency,electromagnetic field immunity test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-4: Testingand measurement techniques  Electrical fast transient/burstimmunity test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-5: Testingand measurement techniques  Surge immunity test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) - Part 4-6: Testingand measurement techniques - Immunity to conducteddisturbances, induced by radio-frequency fields</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-8: Testingand measurement techniques  Power frequency magneticfield immunity test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IEC 61000-4-11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-11: Testingand measurement techniques - Voltage dips, shortinterruptions and voltage variations immunity tests</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.2 Coagpia AT Reagent

Precision

Precision studies were performed according to CLSI EP5-A3. Repeatability (Within-Run precision), BetweenRun precision, Between-day precision, Between-lot precision, Between Instrument, and Total precision were determined using six samples tested in duplicate, twice per day on 20 non-consecutive days on three CP3000 analyzers using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent. The following results were demonstrated:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinLaboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pass/Fail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Sensitivity

Limit of Quantitation:

Limit of Quantitation (LOQ) represents the lowest amount of AT that can be detected reliably. Five natural plasmas at concentrations near the lower limit of Reportable Range were measured in quadruplicate using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent on two CP3000 analyzers. Measurement has been conducted for four days for a total of eighty replicates per analyzer (5 samples x quadruplicate x 4 days). LOQ was determined at the level where the calculated total error estimate falls within the defined goal (total error $\leq 1 5 \%$ ). The Limit of Quantitation was determined to be $1 1 \%$ .

Limit of Blank:

Limit of blank (LOB) is the highest concentration likely to be measured for a blank sample. Five analyte-free plasmas and five natural plasmas at concentrations near the lower limit of Reportable Range were measured in quadruplicate using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent on two CP3000 analyzers. Results were processed and analyzed following CLSI Guidance EP17-A. The Limit of blank was determined to be $3 \%$ .

# Limit of Detection:

Limit of detection (LOD) is the lowest concentration of an analyte that is reliably detected. Five analyte-free plasmas and five natural plasmas at concentrations near the lower limit of Reportable Range were measured in quadruplicate using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent on two CP3000 analyzers. Results were processed and analyzed following CLSI Guidance EP17-A. The Limit of Detection was determined to be $5 \%$ .

# Linearity:

High AT plasma (pooled plasma) was diluted with AT deficient plasma to create the sample concentration required for this evaluation. The dilution series was prepared above and below the anticipated linear range of the test method as recommended by CLSI EP6-A. Each sample was measured in quadruplicate using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent. Linearity range was determined at the level where the calculated allowable non linearity estimate falls within the defined goal (allowable non linearity $\leq 2 0 \%$ ). The data demonstrate a Linear Range of $1 4 - 1 4 0 \%$ .

# Clinical Reportable Range:

A clinical reportable range study was conducted to determine the upper limit of the measurable range of the assay. The Auto Dilution (auto-rerun as defined in the system software) function was turned on for this study. High AT plasma (pooled plasma) was diluted with AT deficient plasma to create the sample concentration required for this evaluation. Each sample was measured in quadruplicate using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent. $\%$ Difference (Recovery) to the theoretical value has been calculated for each measurement result. Measurement range of which $\%$ difference falls within $\pm 1 0 \%$ has been determined. The data demonstrate measurement range up to $1 7 9 \%$ which met the design goal of $1 5 0 \%$ . The following Table summarizes the Analytical Data.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Analytical Data Summary</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AT Lot #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower limit of LinearRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper limit of ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IUO001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IU0002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>179%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IUO003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182%</td></tr></table>

Based on this result, the Clinical Reportable Range (CRR) of the Coagpia AT Reagent on CP3000 analyzers have been verified from $14 \%$ to $1 7 9 \%$ . The CRR claim is $14 \%$ to $1 5 0 \%$ .

# Analytical Specificity (Endogenous and Exogenous Interference)

Interference studies were performed according to the paired difference method reference in CLSI EP7A2. The Coagpia AT Reagent is insensitive to the following substances:

• Hemoglobin concentration up to $7 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$  Triglyceride concentration up to $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$  Unconjugated Bilirubin concentration up to $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$  Conjugated Bilirubin concentration up to $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$  α2-Macroglobulin concentration up to $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$  α1-antitrypsin concentration up to 600mg/dL  Unfractionated heparin concentration up to $8 . 0 \mathrm { I U / m L }$  Low Molecular Weighted heparin concentration up to $8 . 0 \mathrm { I U / m L }$  Bivariludin concentration of to $3 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$  Dabigatran concentration up to $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$  Argatroban concentration up to $2 5 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$  Rivaroxaban concentration up to $2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$

# 5.7.3 Coagpia Calibrator

Precision

Precision studies were performed according to CLSI EP5-A3. Repeatability (Within-Run precision), BetweenRun precision, Between-day precision, Between-lot precision, Within-laboratory precision, and Total precision were determined using three lots of Coagpia Calibrator tested in in duplicate, twice per day on 20 nonconsecutive days on three CP3000 analyzers using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent calibrated with in-house primary reference standard. The following result were demonstrated:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>WithinLaboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.4 Coagpia Control Set

Precision

Precision studies were performed according to CLSI EP5-A3. Repeatability (Within-Run precision), BetweenRun precision, Between-day precision, Between-lot precision, Within-laboratory precision, and Total precision were determined using three lots of Coagpia Control Set tested in in duplicate, twice per day on 20 nonconsecutive days on three CP3000 analyzers using three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent calibrated with in-house primary reference standard. The following result were demonstrated:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CoagpiaControlSet</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Criteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Pass/Fail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# 5.8. SUMMARY OF CLINICAL PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

Method comparison with predicate device:

A method comparison study was performed to compare the performance of the CP3000 with Coagpia AT Reagent to the predicate device, Instrumentation Laboratories (IL) ACL TOP 700 with HemosIL Liquid Antithrombin. The study was conducted at three (3) externals sites utilizing left-over, prospectively collected, citrated plasma samples. A total of 482 samples were analyzed. Results were analyzed using Deming regression. All results met the acceptance criteria. Acceptance criteria: Slope 0.90 to 1.10; Correlation Coefficient $( \mathrm { r } ) { } \geq 0 . 9 0$ . The following table summarizes the regression results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CP3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9909</td></tr></table>

Normal reference range:

A normal reference interval study was conducted to determine the normal reference range for the Coagpia AT assay. The study was conducted at three (3) external sites utilizing fresh citrated plasma samples collected from consented, apparently healthy adult volunteers. A total of 179 samples were analyzed. The reference range was established by calculating the non-parametric $9 5 \%$ confidence interval $( 2 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ to $9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentiles). The mean of the reference range was $1 0 8 . 9 \%$ and the central $9 5 \%$ range was $89 \%$ to $1 3 1 \%$ . The following table summarizes the results for the normal reference interval:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Interval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper Limit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antithrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131%</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility:

The reproducibility study utilized a $5 \mathrm { x } 2 \mathrm { x } 3 \mathrm { x } 3$ design (five non-consecutive days, two runs per day, three replicates per run at three sites). Three lots of Coagpia AT Reagent were evaluated for repeatability (within-run) and total reproducibility. The mean, SD and $\% \mathrm { C V }$ were calculated for each sample tested. For repeatability, the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ for all six levels ranged from $0 . 8 \%$ to $3 . 8 \%$ which met the acceptance criteria of $\leq 1 0 \%$ . For total reproducibility, the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ for all six levels ranged from $1 . 1 \%$ to $7 . 5 \%$ which met the acceptance criteria of $\leq 1 5 \%$ . The following table summarizes the reproducibility results for the Coagpia AT Reagent for all sites combined:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td></tr></table>

Three lots of Coagpia Control Set and three lots of Coagpia Calibrator were evaluated for repeatability (within-run) and total reproducibility. The mean, SD and $\% \mathrm { C V }$ were calculated for each sample tested. For repeatability, the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ ranged from $0 . 8 \%$ to $3 . 2 \%$ which met the acceptance criteria of $\leq 1 0 \%$ . For total reproducibility, the $\% \mathrm { C V }$ ranged from $2 . 7 \%$ to $6 . 1 \%$ which met the acceptance criteria of $\leq 1 5 \%$ . The following table summarizes the reproducibility results for the Coagpia Control Set and Coagpia Calibrator for all sites combined:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr></table>

# 5.9. CONCLUSION

Coagpia AT Reagent on CP3000 analyzers system was shown to be substantially equivalent to the HemosIL liquid Antithrombin assay (K062431) on ACL TOP700 System (K160276).