March 22, 2018

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Carol Marble   
Regulatory Affairs Director   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K180486 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL Factor XII Deficient Plasma Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7290 Regulation Name: Factor deficiency test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GJT Dated: February 22, 2018 Received: February 23, 2018

Dear Carol Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR

Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington Leonthe   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CER 807.92 and the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990.

<table><tr><td>Submission Type</td><td>Special 510(k)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co.</td></tr><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4467</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@ilww.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>February 22, 2018</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>HemosIL Factor XIl Deficient Plasma</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Regulatory Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7290</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor Deficiency Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GJT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>K043459</td><td>HemosIL Factor XIl Deficient Plasma</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td><td>Factor XIl activity in a patient's plasma is determined by performing a modified activated partial thromboplastin time test (APTT). Patient plasma is diluted and added to plasma deficient in factor XII. Correction of the clotting time of the deficient plasma is proportional to the concentration (% activity) of that factor in the patient plasma, interpolated from a calibration curve.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Human plasma immunodepleted of factor XIl for the quantitative determination of factor XII (FXII) activity in citrated plasma, based on activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) assay, on IL Coagulation Systems.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>HemosIL Factor XII Deficient Plasma is human plasma immunodepleted of factor XIl and intended for the in vitro diagnostic quantitative determination of factor XIl activity in citrated plasma, based on the activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) assay, on IL Coagulation Systems.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Description of the Modification</td><td colspan="2">The on-board instrument claim in the HemosIL Factor XIl Deficient Plasma insert sheet is being updated as follows based on additional testing done to current CLSI EP25-A requirements.</td></tr><tr><td>Current Claim: 24 Hours</td><td>Modified Claim: 6 Hours</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Reason Submission Qualifies as Special 510(k)</td><td>The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following: No change in indications for use or intended use No change in operating principle No change to performance claims, except for the on-board stability No change to reagent preparation No change to specimen collection and preparation No change to formulation or materials No change to data reduction software No change to calibration No change to quality controls</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>The verification testing to establish the modified on-board instrument stability claim for HemosIL Factor XIl Deficient Plasma</td></tr><tr><td>Design Control Activities</td><td>was conducted under design control and in accordance with CLSI</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>EP25-A.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (K043459)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human plasma immunodepleted of factor XIIfor the quantitative determination of factor XII(FXII) activity in citrated plasma, based onactivated partial thromboplastin time (APTT)assay, on IL Coagulation Systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Factor XII Deficient Plasma is humanplasma immunodepleted of factor XIl andintended for the in vitro diagnosticquantitative determination of factor XIIactivity in citrated plasma, based on theactivated partial thromboplastin time (APTT)assay, on IL Coagulation Systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor XII Activity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional Clotting Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormalities of the intrinsic pathway factorsare determined by performing a modifiedactivated partial thromboplastin time (APTT)test. Patient plasma is diluted and added toplasma deficient in factor XII. Correction of theclotting time of the deficient plasma isproportional to the concentration (% activity)of factor XII in the patient plasma,interpolated from a calibration curve.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-Board InstrumentStability withFollowing Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP Family:ACL TOP 300 CTS•  ACL TOP 500 CTS•  ACL TOP 700ACL TOP 700 CTSACL TOP 700 LASACL TOP Family 50 Series:ACL TOP 350 CTSACL TOP 550 CTSACL TOP 750ACL TOP 750 CTSACL TOP 750 LAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Value Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-150% (0.50-1.50 IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-Board Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 Hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 Hours</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>HemosIL Factor XIl Deficient Plasma and the currently marketed deficient plasma share the same Intended Use/ Indications for Use, same test principle, same formulation and the same performance characteristics, except for the updated on-board instrument claim for the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series. Therefore, HemosIL Factor XIl Deficient Plasma with an updated on-board instrument claim is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device that is FDA cleared under K043459.</td></tr></table>