January 25, 2019

Sysmex America, Inc.   
Sharita Brooks   
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs 577 Aptakisic Road   
Lincolnshire, Illinois 60069

Re: K182389 Trade/Device Name: Sysmex XN-L Automated Hematology Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: August 31, 2018 Received: September 4, 2018

Dear Sharita Brooks:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K182389

Device Name Sysmex XN-L Automated Hematology Analyzer

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 5. 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ number is:

Submitter’s name, address, telephone number, a contact person, and date the summary was prepared:

Submitter’s Name: Sysmex America, Inc. Submitter’s Address: 577 Aptakistic Road Lincolnshire, IL 60069 Submitter’s Telephone: (224) 543-9618 Submitter’s FAX: (224) 543-9699 Submitter’s Contact: Sharita Brooks Date 510(k) Summary Prepared:

Name of the device, including the trade or proprietary name, the common or usual name, and the classification name:

Proprietary Name: Sysmex® XN-L Automated Hematology Analyzer   
Common Name: Automated Hematology Analyzer   
Regulation Description: Automated Differential Cell Counter   
Regulation Section: 21 CFR 864.5220   
Device Class: 2   
Product Code: GKZ   
Related Items:

Product Code: 81GIF CELLPACK® DCL (Diluent) CELLPACK® DST (Diluent) CELLPACK® DFL (Diluent)

Product Code: 81GGK SULFOLYSER® (Lyse) Lysercell™ WDF (Lyse)

Product Code: 81KJK Fluorocell™ WDF (Dye) Fluorocell™ RET (Dye)

Product Code: 81KSA XN CAL™ (Calibrator)

Product Code: 81JPK XN CHECK™ (Control) XN CHECK™ BF (Control) XN-L CHECK (Control)

Product Code: 81JCB CELLCLEAN™ AUTO

Predicate Device and 510(k) number: Sysmex XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20) Automated Hematology Analyzer, K112605

# Description of the Device:

The Sysmex XN-L analyzer is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The XN-L analyzer classifies and enumerates whole blood and body fluid parameters by means of electrical impedance, laser light scattering, and fluorescent labeling. Tests are performed on venous and capillary whole blood samples collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA anticoagulant and body fluids (peritoneal, pleural and synovial) collected in K2EDTA anticoagulant and cerebrospinal fluid that is not collected in anticoagulant. The instrument consists of two principal units: (1) Main Unit which will aspirate, dilute, mix, and analyze whole blood and body fluid samples and (2) Pneumatic Unit which supplies pressure and vacuum to the analyzer. The XN-L analyzer performs analysis using the following methods: DC Sheath Flow Detection Method, Flow Cytometry Methods using a Semiconductor Laser, and SLS-hemoglobin Method. Particle characterization and identification is based on detection of forward scatter, fluorescence, and adaptive cluster analysis. The XN-L analyzer automatically classifies cells from whole blood and body fluids and carries out all processes automatically from aspiration of the sample to outputting the results.

The XN-L has an external monitor with touch screen capability that is used to operate the instrument and process data from the Main Unit. The monitor also allows operator interfacing with the instrument by use of a panel keyboard.

# Statement of Intended Use:

The Sysmex XN-L analyzer is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The XN-L analyzer classifies and enumerates the following parameters in venous and capillary whole blood: WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#, $\mathrm { M O N O \% / \# } .$ , $\mathrm { E O \% }$ #, $\mathrm { B A S O \% / \# }$ , $\mathrm { I G } \% / \#$ , RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, RET%/#, IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode for body fluids. The Body Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF, $\mathbf { M N \% } / \# .$ , PMN%/#, and TC-BF# parameters in cerebrospinal, peritoneal, pleural, and synovial fluids. Whole blood should be collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ anticoagulant and peritoneal, pleural, and synovial fluids in K2EDTA anticoagulant to prevent clotting of fluid. The use of anticoagulants with CSF specimens is neither required nor recommended.

Proposing removal of:the limitation to pediatric patients under the age of 2 years from our current intended use.

# Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

Table 5-1 compares the Sysmex XN-L Automated Hematology analyzer with the XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20) Automated Hematology analyzer.

Table 5-1: Comparison of the Predicate XN-10 and the Proposed XN-L Automated Hematology Analyzers   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate AnalyzerXN-Series (XN-10)aK112605</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed AnalyzerXN-L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The XN-Series modules (XN-10, XN-20)are quantitative multi-parameterautomated hematology analyzers intendedfor in vitro diagnostic use in screeningpatient populations found in clinicallaboratories. The XN-Series modulesclassify and enumerate the followingparameters in whole blood: WBC, RBC,HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, PLT,NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#,EO%/#, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV,RDW-SD, MPV, NRBC%/#, RET%/#,IPF, IRF, RET-He and has a Body Fluidmode for body fluids. The Body Fluidmode enumerates the WBC-BF,RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/# and TC-BFparameters in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF),serous fluids (peritoneal, pleural) andsynovial fluids. Whole blood should becollected in K2 or K3EDTA anticoagulantand, Serous and Synovial fluids inK2EDTA anticoagulant to preventclotting of fluid. The use ofanticoagulants with CSF specimens isneither required nor recommended.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Sysmex® XN-L analyzer is aquantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzer intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in screening patientpopulations found in clinical laboratories.The XN-L analyzer classifies andenumerates the following parameters invenous and capillary whole blood: WBC,RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC,PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#, MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, RET%/#, IRF,RET-He and has a Body Fluid mode forbody fluids. The Body Fluid modeenumerates the WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/#, and TC-BF# parametersin CSF, peritoneal, pleural and synovialfluids. Whole blood should be collectedin K2 or K3 EDTA anticoagulant andperitoneal, pleural and synovial fluids inK2EDTA anticoagulant to preventclotting of fluid. The use ofanticoagulants with CSF specimens isneither required nor recommended.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenType</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood and Body Fluids (CSF andPeritoneal, Pleural, Synovial Fluids)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performs hematology analyses accordingto the Hydro Dynamic Focusing (DCDetection), flow cytometry method (usinga semiconductor laser), and SLS-hemoglobin method.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood Mode:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#,MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD, MPV, RET%/#, IRF,IG%/#, RET-He#Body Fluid Mode:WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/#,TC-BF#</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K112605CELLPACK ® DCL (Diluent)CELLPACK® DFL (Diluent)Lysercell™ WDF (Lyse)Fluorocell™ WDF (Stain)Fluorocell™ RET (Stain)SULFOLYSER® (Lyse)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalysisModes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampler Analysis Mode(rack autoloader)Whole Blood ModeManual Analysis ModeWhole Blood ModeLWBC Analysis ModePre-Dilute Analysis ModeBody Fluid Mode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleAspiration/FluidicPathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single Pathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC/PLT, HGB, RET, WDF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls/Calibrators/LinearityMaterial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole BloodXN CHECK™ 3 Levels (K160590)XN CAL™ (K160585)Body FluidXN CHECK ™ BF 2 Levels (K160588)Whole Blood LinearityRange Check X II (K960557)Retic Chex (K000115)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CleaningDetergent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELLCLEAN AUTO™M</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software/Hardware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rules based rerun/reflex</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PLT (PLT-F), NRBC%/#, IPF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K112605Lysercell™ WNR (Lyse)Fluorocell™ WNR (Stain)Fluorocell™ PLT (Stain)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not AvailableNot AvailableNot Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WNR, PLT-F</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls/Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">XN CAL™ PF - (K120747)Not Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not AvailableXN-L CHECK ™ b</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood Mode100 samples/hour maximum dependingon mode used.Body Fluid Mode40 samples/hour maximum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole Blood Mode60 samples/hour maximum depending onmode used.Body Fluid Mode30 samples/hour maximum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleAspirationVolumes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampler Mode - 88 µLManual (Closed Cap) Mode - 88 µLManual (Open Cap) Mode - 88 µLDilution Mode - 70 μLBody Fluid Mode - 88 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampler Mode - 25 μLManual (Closed Cap) Mode - 25 μLManual (Open Cap) Mode - 25 µLDilution Mode - 70 μLBody Fluid Mode - 70 μL</td></tr></table>

a Intended use for the predicate analyzer was cleared in submission K112605. All information listed for the predicate analyzer refers to the XN-10 module. b Control material specific for the XN-L analyzer.

The XN-L analyzer’s Indications for Use statement is similar to the predicate device with minor variation. The XN-L analyzer also has similar technological characteristics as the predicate device with minor variation. Both devices measure similar parameters and utilize most of the same reagents, controls, calibrators, and cleaning detergent. The data collection software functionality, communication method with data management software functionality, monitor software, connectivity, and communication are similar to the predicate device with minor variation.

The XN-L analyzer differs from the predicate with a slower throughput and smaller sample aspiration volumes, fewer measuring channels, and fewer parameters measured, it is very similar in all other electronic and technological characteristics related to automated hematology measurements of the predicate device to assure equivalence. In addition, XN-L CHECK™ is a control material which is specific for the XN-L analyzer. The XN-L CHECK™ or the XN CHECK™ may be used with the XN-L analyzer. Performance data are provided to support this. The results of all performance testing demonstrate substantial equivalence.

# Summary of Performance Testing:

Clinical testing was conducted on the XN-L analyzer to show equivalent performance to the XN-Series analyzers. Testing included: See k160538

Whole Blood Analysis $\bigcirc$ Accuracy Evaluation o Precision Evaluation: Reproducibility o Precision Evaluation: Repeatability o Linearity Evaluation

o Carryover Evaluation   
o Stability Evaluation   
$\bigcirc$ Verification of Reference Intervals   
$\bigcirc$ Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation

 Body Fluid Analysis

$\bigcirc$ Accuracy Evaluation   
o Precision Evaluation: Reproducibility   
o Precision Evaluation: Repeatability   
o Linearity Evaluation   
o Carryover Evaluation   
o Stability Evaluation   
o Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation

Evaluation of the performance characteristics establishes that the performance, functionality, and reliability of the XN-L analyzer are substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Real World Data had been collected for additional samples that included the pediatric population for patients less than 2 years of age.

# Conclusions:

The XN-L Automated Hematology analyzer and its predicate device, XN-Series modules (XN-10, XN-20) Automated Hematology analyzers (K112605), have similar Indications for Use, fundamental technology, principles of operation, and comparable performance characteristics. The modifications consist of a smaller analyzer with a slower throughput and smaller sample aspiration volumes.

Performance, verification, and validation testing were conducted to characterize the performance of the XN-L analyzer and the predetermined acceptance criteria were met. Results of this testing have documented that the XN-L analyzer is substantially equivalent to the XN-Series analyzers and is suitable for the labeled indication for use. The XN-L analyzer and the predicate device do not raise any questions regarding safety and effectiveness. This information can be found in k160538.