Beckman Coulter   
Samy Puccio   
Staff Regulatory Affair Specialist   
11800 SW 147th Avenue   
Miami, Florida 33196-2500

Re: K182886 Trade/Device Name: Cytomics FC 500 Series (MPL or MCL) Flow Cytometer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: December 14, 2018 Received: December 17, 2018

Dear Samy Puccio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Douglas Jeffery, Ph.D.   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name FC ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { M P L }$ and MCL Flow Cytometers

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Cytomics FC ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { M P L }$ is a system for the qualitative and quantitative measurement of biological and physical properties of cells and other particles. These properties are measured when the cells pass through one or two laser beams in single-file.

The tetraCXP SYSTEM for Cytomics FC 500 flow cytometry systems is an automated analysis method for simultaneous identification and enumeration of lymphocyte subpopulations $\mathrm { C D } 3 + ,$ , $\mathrm { C D 4 + }$ , $\mathrm { C D 8 + }$ , $\mathrm { C D } 1 9 +$ and $\mathrm { C D } 5 6 { } +$ ) combining fourcolor fluorescent monoclonal antibody reagents, quality control reagents, optional absolute count reagent and CXP software. The systems with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-PD/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 Monoclonal antibody reagent is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use", allowing the identification and enumeration of Total $\mathrm { C D } 3 +$ (T cells), Total $\mathrm { C D 4 + }$ , Total $\mathrm { C D 8 + }$ , Dual $\mathrm { C D 3 + / C D 4 + }$ , Dual $\mathrm { C D 3 + / C D 8 + }$ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts as well as the CD4/CD8 ratio in whole blood flow cytometry. The systems with CD45-FITC/CD56-PC/CD19-ECD/CD3- PC5, the total lymphocyte percentage can be obtained. CD45-FITC/CD56-PE/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagent is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use", allowing the identification and enumeration of total $\mathrm { C D } 1 9 +$ (B cells) and CD3- $/ \mathrm { C D } 5 6 +$ (NK cells) lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in whole blood flow cytometry. The total lymphocyte percentage can obtained as well.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td>Section 5</td><td>510(k) Summary</td></tr></table>

Note:

Throughout this documentation the use of FC500 refers to both the FC500 MCL and FC 500 MPL unless otherwise noted.

# 510(k) Summary for The FC 500 Flow Cytometers Software Design Change

# 510(k) Owner / Submitter Information

Company Name: Beckman Coulter Inc.   
Address: 11800 SW $1 4 7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ave., Miami, FL 33196 Phone #: (305) 380-4509   
Fax #: (786) 639-4156   
Contact Person: Samy Puccio   
Email Address: spuccio@beckman.com

Date Submitted: December 14, 2018

Device Information   
Trade Name: FC 500 MPL Flow Cytometer, FC 500 MCL Flow Cytometer   
Common Name: FC 500   
Classification Name: Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR 864.5220)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: GKZ   
Panel: Hematology and Pathology Devices Panel

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Cleared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FC 500 MPL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K071681</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oct 4, 2007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FC 500 MCL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K030828</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 21, 2003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKZ</td></tr></table>

# FC 500 Flow Cytometer

The FC 500 Flow Cytometer has two cleared configurations:

1. MPL (Multi Plate Loader)

$\bigcirc$ This configuration manages sample preparations using 24 and 96 well plates as well as $1 2 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 7 2 \mathrm { m m }$ tubes.   
$\bigcirc$ The workstation contains MXP software for data acquisition, data managements, instrument management, sample management and sample processing.

2. MCL (Multi Carousel Loader)

o This configuration manages sample preparations using $1 2 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 7 2 \mathrm { m m }$ tubes in a 32 tube carousel. o The workstation contains the CXP software and receives data from the Cytometer to display numeric results and dataplots. The CXP software also includes patient management, control management and LIS components.

Both devices use flow cytometric principles to determine qualitative and quantitative measurements of biological and physical properties of cells and other particles. These properties are measured when the cells pass through one or two laser beams in single file. The instrument can simultaneously measure forward scatter, side scatter, and five fluorescent dyes using one or two lasers at $4 8 8 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ and either $6 3 5 \mathrm { n m }$ (solid-state laser) or $6 3 3 ~ \mathrm { n m }$ (HeNe laser). Therefore, the instrument can perform correlated multi-parameter analyses of individual cells.

To ensure that the cells move through the laser beam one at a time, the instrument uses hydrodynamic focusing in the flow cell. As the stream of sheath fluid is flowing through the flow cell, a stream of sample is injected into the middle of the sheath stream, The sheath stream surrounds, but does not mix with the sample stream, and its pressure focuses the sample stream so that the cells flow through the laser beam single file.

Before the laser beam reaches the sample stream, cross-cylindrical lenses focus the beam keeping it perpendicular to the sample stream flow while making the beam small enough to illuminate only one cell at a time.

As the cells in the sample stream go through the sensing area of the flow cell, the laser beam illuminates them. The cells scatter the laser light and emit fluorescent light from fluorescent dyes attached to them.

The amount of laser light scattered at narrow angles to the axis of the laser beam is called forward scatter (FS) which is proportional to the size of the cell that scattered the light.   
The amount of laser light scattered at about a $9 0 ^ { \mathrm { o } }$ angle to the axis of the laser beam is called side scatter (SS) which is proportional to the granularity of the cell that scattered the laser light (e.g., SS can be used to differentiate between lymphocytes, monocytes, and granulocytes).   
The cells also emit fluorescent light (FL) at all angles to the axis of the laser beam. The amount of FL enables the instrument to measure characteristics of the cells emitting the light, depending on the reagents used (e.g., FL can be used to identify molecules such as cell surface antigens).

The scattered laser light and fluorescent light are collected, separated and measured.

The FS sensor collects the forward scatter. When the light reaches the FS sensor, the sensor generates voltage pulse signals which are proportional to the amount of light the sensor receives. The signals are processed to measure the characteristics of the cells that scattered the light. • The pickup lens/spatial filter assembly collects SS and FL from the sensing area of the flow cell. Using a series of filters which reflect specific wavelengths of light towards their respective sensors and allow transmission of longer wavelengths of light, the SS and varying FL wavelengths (produced by fluorochromes such as FITC, PE, ECD, PC5, and ACD) are separated, collected, and measured.

The cytometer has seven sensors, each generating a voltage pulse signal as each cell passes through the laser beam. The voltage pulse signal is proportional to the intensity of the light the sensor received. The cytometer electronics amplify, condition, integrate and analyze these pulses.

The results of sample analysis appear on the workstation screen as graphs in which the user defines the parameters on the plot axes. To analyze the data, regions and gates are defined by the user to select the cells of interest, and then statistics are generated.

# Design Change Description:

This modification to the FC 500 Flow Cytometers is being implemented as part of corrective actions for a field action initiated by Beckman Coulter (BEC) in January 2018. The field action was issued on the FC 500 to notify customers that BEC received and confirmed reports of failures causing signal loss and/or signal drifting resulting in the absence of data or a shift in the population in the data plots.

As part of the corrective actions, BEC developed a software update that contains additional risk control measures for the device to mitigate the potential failure modes associated with the reported signal loss and/or signal drift.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

# FC 500 MPL (K071681)

The Cytomics FC 500 MPL is a system for the qualitative and quantitative measurement of biological and physical properties of cells and other particles. These properties are measured when the cells pass through one or two laser beams in single-file.

# FC 500 MLC (K030828)

The tetraCXP SYSTEM for Cytomics FC 500 flow cytometry systems is an automated analysis method for simultaneous identification and enumeration of lymphocyte subpopulations $( \mathrm { C D } 3 +$ $\mathrm { C D 4 + }$ , $\mathrm { C D 8 ^ { + } } .$ , $\mathrm { C D } 1 9 +$ and $\mathrm { C D } 5 6 { ^ + }$ combining four-color fluorescent monoclonal antibody reagents, quality control reagents, optional absolute count reagent and CXP software. The systems with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-PE/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 Monoclonal antibody reagent is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use", allowing the identification and enumeration of Total $\mathrm { C D } 3 +$ (T cells), Total $\mathrm { C D 4 + }$ , Total $\mathrm { C D 8 + }$ , Dual $\mathrm { C D 3 + / C D 4 + }$ , Dual $\mathrm { C D 3 + / C D 8 + }$ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts as well as the CD4/CD8 ratio in whole blood flow cytometry. The systems with CD45-FITC/CD56- PE/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5, the total lymphocyte percentage can be obtained. CD45- FITC/CD56-PE/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagent is intended "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use", allowing the identification and enumeration of total $\mathrm { C D } 1 9 +$ (B cells) and CD3- $/ \mathrm { C D } 5 6 +$ (NK cells) lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in whole blood flow cytometry. The total lymphocyte percentage can obtained as well.

# Comparison to Predicate:

The design changes applied to the FC ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { M P L }$ and MCL Flow Cytometers serve as additional risk control measures to mitigate each of the potential failure modes identified in the root cause analysis of the field action that initiated these changes.

These design changes do not impact the intended use or performance claims of the FC 500 Flow Cytometers.

# Device Comparison Table:

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>FC500 MPL and MCL ( K071681 {MPL} &amp; K030828 {MCL}, Predicate)</td><td>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for use</td><td>K071681 (MPL) The Cytomics FC 500 MPL is a system for the qualitative and quantitative measurement of biological and K030828 (MCL) The tetraCXP SYSTEM for Cytomics FC 500 flow cytometry systems is an automated analysis method for simultaneous identification and enumeration of lymphocyte subpopulations (CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, CD19+ and CD56+) combining four-color fluorescent monoclonal antibody reagents, quality</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">antibody reagent is intended "For In Vitro DiagnosticUse", allowing the identification and enumeration oftotal CD19+ (B cells) and CD3-/CD56+ (NK cells)lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts inwhole blood flow cytometry. The total lymphocytepercentage can obtained as well.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassification &amp;Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.5220 Automated Cell Counter, GKZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman Coulter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interlocks and mitigation of hazards via software andhardware controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, withaddition ofchanges asdetailed inthissubmission</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of analysis - Flow cytometricDetection hardware — Lasers, fluidics, optics,electronicsSample analysis pathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality ControlTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Daily Instrument ChecksCommercial ControlsInter-laboratory Quality Assurance Program(IQAP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controllingsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K071681 (MPL)500 μL Hamilton SyringeK030828 (MCL)no syringe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External to instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplepresentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K071681 (MPL)12 x 75mm tubes, 24 or 96 well plateK030828 (MCL)12x77mm tubes in a 32 tube carousel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenIntroduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimens are loaded in the Autoloader usingcassettes / or the single loader as single specimentubes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared SampleIntroduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K071681 (MPL)12 x 75mm tubes, 24 or 96 well plateK030828 (MCL)12x77mm tubes in a 32 tube carousel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode  positive sample identification or manualentry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K071681 (MPL)Tracked by well position.K030828 (MCL)Tracked by tube location and barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resuspension ofprepared sampleprior tointroduction tosystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K071681 (MPL)Prepared sample is mixed by the syringe usingaspiration and dispense re-suspensionK030828 (MCL)Stir motor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Off-line analysissoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CXP analysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentQuality ControlTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K071681 (MPL)Flow CheckK030828 (MCL)ClearLLab Flow Check Pro</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A standardization check is performed on each QCper lab process or IFU</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Analytical Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Off-line analysissoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Workstation also offered as off-line analysissoftware package</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronics and software required to support datahandling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laser light delivered by mirrors, prisms, and lenses</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Region/gates evaluationStatistics generationExport of results to MS Excel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalysisAlgorithm(Interface andReports)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface to algorithmsAlgorithm results reporting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plots and reports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Report generator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">√  Panel reports•   QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same forboth</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Post-Analytical Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Workstation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software functionality to allow K071681 (MPL)System configuration managementSystem service test and adjustment proceduresK030828 (MCL)•  Patient data management — storage, review,reporting to LIS•   Control data management  storage, review,reportingSystem configuration managementSystem service test and adjustment procedures</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SameSame</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing:

The testing approaches were complementary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. No guidance documents or standards were used to establish the test methods.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Title</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Description and Outcomes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-acquisition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test method for the pre-acquisition study induced signal loss prior tothe analysis of a sample run, and verified that the software detection tool(SDT) detected the failure, aborted the run and alerted the operator of thesignal error.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post-acquisition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test method for the post-acquisition study consisted of 2 test casesutilizing the SDT during data acquisition to detect signal loss: 1) acombination of retrospective data imprinted with failure patternscharacterized from field data and prospective sample runs processedthrough a modified instrument which allowed the user to induce randomsignal loss and 2) use of the SDT on an additional set of files that weredeemed difficult to detect with the pre-mitigation data reviewinstructions. These tests verified that the SDT identified data files withsignal loss and alerted the user to review the data plots for the run.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Real WorldData</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The testing method for the real word data study applied the SDT tocustomer files sourced from the field and prospective testing performedwith field returned boards with verifiable signal failure. Failures werethen confirmed by visual review of the time plots. These tests verifiedthat the SDT identified the failures as corroborated by the visual reviews.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reader Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The testing method for the reader study aligned the user instructions inthe IFU for visual review of time plots. In this testing method, themultiple readers were blinded to review 10 files where 7 of these filescontained signal loss undetectable by the SDT. Readers followedinstructions on the assay IFU and addendum to visually assess the testfiles. This study confirmed that visual review of time plots identifiessignal loss.</td></tr></table>

The complementary performance studies confirm the process by which samples with signal loss are detected either prior to acquisition or appropriately quarantined by the SDT, postacquisition, for further review by the user. The use of the SDT, in addition to visual review of time plots provides a comprehensive solution. The studies demonstrated the safe and effective use of the SDT.

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion to Demonstrate Safety, Effectiveness & Equivalent Performance to Predicate:

The updates to the FC 500 that are the subject of this submission, do not change the intended use, nor add or delete a contraindication for the device. The changes do not alter the device control mechanism, operating principle, energy type, environmental specification, ergonomics of the user interface, dimensional specifications, nor packaging. The device does not have expiration dating nor is it subject to sterilization.

In summary, the updated FC 500 MPL and MCL Flow Cytometers, as described in this submission are substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to the predicate devices.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.