February 1, 2019

Eurotrol B.V.   
Mylene de Boer   
QA/RA Officer   
Keplerlaan 20   
Ede, Gelderland, 6716BS, NL

Re: K182744 Trade/Device Name: HemoTrol WB - Low, HemoTrol WB - Normal and HemoTrol WB - High Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGM Dated: September 26, 2018 Received: September 28, 2018

Dear Mylene de Boer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Leonthena R. Carrington -S

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) Summary HemoTrol WB

September 2018

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitter

Eurotrol B.V.

Keplerlaan 20

6716 BS, Ede, the Netherlands

T: $+ 3 1$ 318 695777

Primary Contact: Ms. Mylène de Boer, mdeboer@eurotrol.com

# Device Information

Device name HemoTrol $\textcircled{8}$ WB – Low HemoTrol $\textcircled{8}$ WB – Normal HemoTrol $\textcircled{8}$ WB – High

REF 08718734960942 08718734960959 08718734960966

# Predicate Device

Eurotrol HemoTrol

510(k) number: K964052

# Device Description

HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ WB is an assayed hemoglobin quality control material intended for professional use in the verification of the precision and accuracy of the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 301 and HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 801 systems. HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } \textcircled { R } }$ WB contains bovine red blood cells with hemoglobin lysates in MetHb and additional stabilizers. For daily quality control, three physiological relevant levels are available.

HemoTrol® WB solutions are filled in reclosable plastic primary containers. Each bottle contains $1 . 1 \ 9$ of HemoTro $  \widehat { \sf R } $ WB solution. The primary containers are equipped with colored polypropylene caps. Cap color depends on the concentration of hemoglobin (Low: red cap; Normal: white cap; High: blue cap). Two (2) bottles of the same level are placed in a plastic blister and packed in a product box together with the combined instructions for use (IFU) and value sheet. Both the primary containers and product box are labeled.

# Intended Use

# New Device

HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ WB is an assayed quality control material for professional use to verify the performance characteristics of the HemoCue $\textcircled{8}$ Hb 301 and the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 801 System. HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB is intended for the quantitative determination of hemoglobin.

# Predicate Device

Eurotrol HemoTrol is an assayed hemoglobin control intended for professional use in the verification of the precision and accuracy of the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ B-Hemoglobin and the HemoCue Hb 201 systems.

The indication for use for HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB is not identical to the predicate device; however, the differences do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device, nor do they affect the safety or effectiveness of the device compared to the predicate device. Both Hemotro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB and the predicate device are assayed quality control materials for professional use to verify the performance characteristics of a hemoglobin analyzer but are designed for a different hemoglobin analyzer.

# Predicate Device Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both devices cover the range of 95-160g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device also includes:80-94 g/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color of liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bloodlike</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified bovine hemolisate andpreservatives.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device does notcontain stabilized red blood cells</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filling volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control material forprofessional use to verify theperformance characteristics of aspecific Hemoglobin analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Different target Hemoglobinanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 levels: Low, Normal, High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open vail stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reclosable plastic primary containerswith polypropylene caps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle of Operations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The absorbance is measured by usinga dual wavelength spectrophotometrictechnology.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurements are performed at506 nm and 880 nm. Predicatedevice at 570 nm and 880 nm.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Allow the vial to stand for 15 minutes atroom temperatureMix the vial before sampling.Do not fill the cuvette from the vial.Dispense a drop of the control materialonto a hydrophobic surface.Fill the cuvette according to themanufacturer&#x27;s instructions.Wipe any excess material from the vialand the cap with a clean tissue.Recap the vial tightly.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secondary Packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) bottles of the same level areplaced in a plastic blister and packed ina product box together with thecombined instructions for use (IFU)and value sheet.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8 degrees Celsius</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Where used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POC and laboratory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data

# Open Stability:

According to the guidelines described in "CLSI-EP25A-2009" at least on batch of a quality control was monitored to determine the in-use stability. One batch of each level was monitored at four (4) time points $( n = 6 )$ for in total 35 days at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . Based on this study, HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB is stable for 31 days when stored at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# Closed Stability:

According to guidelines in "CLSI-EP25A-2009" at least 3 batches of a quality control were monitored to determine the shelf life. Three (3) batches of the three HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB levels were monitored at 8 time points for up to 127 days $( n = 8 )$ at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The samples used were produced according the regular production process of HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ WB. The total hemoglobin levels were measured on the HemoCue® Hb 301 and HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 801 systems. Based on this study, HemoTro $  \widehat { \sf R } $ WB is stable for 108 days when stored at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# Conclusion

Based on the demonstrated intended use, performance characteristics and comparison of technical characteristics HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB is deemed substantially equivalent to the predicate device: Eurotrol HemoTrol (K964052)