August 2, 2019

Axis-Shield Diagnostics Limited Claire Dora Regulatory Affairs Manager Luna Place, The Technology Park Dundee DD2 1XA, Scotland, UK

Re: K183088 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA Centaur Erythropoietin (EPO) assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7250 Regulation Name: Erythropoietin Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGT Dated: July 1, 2019 Received: July 3, 2019

Dear Claire Dora:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICESFood and Drug AdministrationIndications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120Expiration Date: 06/30/2020See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>510(k) Number (if known)K183088</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Device NameADVIA Centaur® Erythropoietin (EPO) assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# ADVIA Centaur Erythropoietin (EPO) Assay 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) number is: K183088   
B. Date of Preparation: 08-02-2019 C. Submission correspondent:   
Dr. Claire Dora   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Axis-Shield Diagnostics Ltd.   
The Technology Park   
Dundee   
DD2 1XA,   
Scotland, UK

# D. Device Name:

ADVIA Centaur® Erythropoietin (EPO) Assay

# E. Regulatory Information:

Classification Name: Assay, Erythropoietin   
Trade Name: ADVIA Centaur® Erythropoietin (EPO) Assay   
Common Name: Erythropoietin   
Governing Regulation: 864.7250   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Hematology   
Product Code: GGT

# F. Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

Beckman Coulter Access EPO Assay (K052223)

# G. Intended Use of Device:

The ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Erythropoietin (EPO) assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of erythropoietin in pediatric and adult human serum or plasma (K2-EDTA, lithium heparin, sodium heparin) using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Measurement of erythropoietin is used as an aid in the diagnosis of anemias and polycythemias.

# H. Device Description:

# Principles of the Device:

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay is a fully automated, one-step sandwich immunoassay using direct chemiluminescent technology. The assay utilizes an acridinium-ester-labeled monoclonal mouse anti-EPO antibody in the Lite Reagent. The Solid Phase consists of mouse anti-EPO monoclonal antibody-coated paramagnetic microparticles.

The ADVIA Centaur EPO reagent kit contains the following:   
ADVIA Centaur EPO ReadyPack® primary reagent pack;   
Lite Reagent ( $1 0 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ /reagent pack): monoclonal mouse anti-EPO antibody $( 0 . 5 \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { m L } )$ ) labeled with DMAE acridinium conjugate reagent in buffer with bovine serum albumin, surfactant, and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$   
Solid Phase Reagent $( 2 4 . 0 \mathrm { m L } _ { I }$ /reagent pack): anti-EPO mouse monoclonal antibody coated streptavidin microparticles $( 0 . 3 0 \mathrm { m g / m L } )$ in buffer with bovine serum albumin, surfactant, and preservatives   
ADVIA Centaur EPO Calibrator $( 2 . 0 \mathrm { m L } / \mathrm { v i a l } )$ : recombinant human EPO, calf serum, and preservative.

# I. Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay and the Beckman Coulter Access EPO Assay are both automated immunoassays for the quantitative measurement of erythropoietin in human serum and plasma.

The ADVIA Centaur System and Beckman Access share similar detection methods both utilizing chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) technology. Both assays also demonstrated substantial equivalence as described in the table below:

Comparison of the subject device with the predicate device:

Similarities:

Differences:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceADVIA Centaur Erythropoietin (EPO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceBeckman Access EPO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ADVIA Centaur® Erythropoietin(EPO) assay is for in vitro diagnostic usein the quantitative measurement oferythropoietin in human serum andplasma using the ADVIA Centaursystems. Measurement of erythropoietinis used as an aid in the diagnosis ofanemias and polycythemias.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access EPO assay is a paramagneticparticle, chemiluminescent immunoassay forthe quantitative determination oferythropoietin levels in human serum andplasma (heparin) using the AccessImmunoassay Systems. This assay is intendedas an aid in the diagnosis of anemias andpolycythemias. With the advent of theadministration of recombinant erythropoietinas a biologic therapy to increase red blood cellmass, an erythropoietin assay may be usedalso to aid in the prediction and monitoring ofresponse to recombinant erythropoietintreatment of anemias.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 750 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 750 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent, calibrator and control pack mustbe stored at intended storage (2-8°C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent and calibrator pack must be stored atintended storage (2-10°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are stable opened for 90 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are stable at 2-10°C for 90 daysafter initial use.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceADVIA Centaur Erythropoietin (EPO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceBeckman Access EPO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substrate / signalgeneration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acridinium tracer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alkaline phosphatase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monoclonal mouse anti-EPO antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyclonal chicken anti-recombinant mouseEPO antibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-point calibration using 2 level adjustors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 level calibration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration frequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum and plasma (K2-EDTA,lithium heparin, sodium heparin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, Plasma (Heparin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values Adults (&gt;21yrs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.44  26.25 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.59 - 18.50 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values Paediatrics (&lt; 22 yrs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male Child (2-12yrs) : 4.13  25.52Male Adolescent (13-21yrs) : 4.15  26.15Female Child (2-12yrs) : 4.94  24.47Female Adolescent (13-21yrs) : 4.07  40.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not reported</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation is 0.83 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Sensitivity, lowest limit ofDetection: 0.6 mIU/mL</td></tr></table>

Section_006   
510(k) Summary v2

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceADVIA Centaur Erythropoietin (EPO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceBeckman Access EPO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 - 750.00 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 - 557.2 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measureable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 - 750.00 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 750 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay dilutionprotocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:10 On-board auto dilute with ADVIACentaur Multi-Diluent 13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board 1:5 with Access Sample Diluent AManual 1:5 or 1:10 with Access EPOCalibrator S0 or Access Sample Diluent A.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents can be stored on-board for 28days.Calibrators are stable on-board for 24 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents: On-board not stated.Calibrators - On-board not stated.</td></tr></table>

# J. Summary of Non-Clinical Performance:

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the Beckman Coulter Access EPO assay. A summary of the non-clinical performance data included in this 510(k) submission has been presented.

# Linearity

Linearity was evaluated according to the CLSI protocol EP06-A.

Three samples containing high levels of EPO were mixed with low EPO human serum. The resulting sample mixtures were assayed for EPO. The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay is linear from $\mathrm { . 0 . 8 3 { - } 7 5 0 . 0 0 \ m I U / m L }$ .

# Dilution Recovery

Ten samples containing high levels of EPO (618.63-986.07 mIU/mL) were diluted 1:10 (1 part sample plus 9 parts diluent) with ADVIA Centaur Multi-Diluent 13 and assayed for recovery correcting the diluted sample by the dilution factor.

In a representative study the observed percent recovery for individual samples ranged from $7 6 - 1 1 1 \%$ .

# Measuring Interval

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay measures erythropoietin concentrations from 0.83 –750.00 $\mathrm { m U / m L }$ .

# Detection Capability

The limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and the limit of quantitation (LoQ) were determined as described in CLSI Document EP17-A2.

The LoB is defined as the highest measurement result that is likely to be observed for a blank sample. The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay has an LoB of $0 . 4 6 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ .

The LoD is defined as the lowest concentration of EPO that can be detected with $9 5 \%$ probability. The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay has an LoD of $0 . 7 5 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ based on 323 determinations using 10 low level samples, and an LoB of $0 . 4 6 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ .

The LoQ is defined as the lowest concentration of EPO that can be detected at a total error of $3 0 \%$ . The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay has an LoQ of $0 . 8 3 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ .

# High Dose Hook

Patient samples with high EPO levels can cause a paradoxical decrease in the Relative Light Units (RLUs) (high-dose hook effect). In the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay, patient samples with EPO levels as high as 114,500 $\mathrm { m U / m L }$ will assay greater than $7 5 0 . 0 0 \mathrm { m U U / m L }$ .

# Cross-reactivity

Cross-reactivity was tested in the presence of EPO at concentrations of approximately 4 - 6 $\mathrm { m U / m L }$ of EPO according to CLSI EP07-A2. Testing was performed with normal human plasma proteins, and with recombinant erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs).

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay showed minimal cross-reactivity with normal human plasma proteins. The following normal human plasma proteins were tested   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>α-2-macroglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin (iron-saturated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Transferrin (non-saturated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>rh Thrombopoietin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- 0.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>α-1-acid glycoprotein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>α-1-antitrypsin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>α- and β-globulins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td></tr></table>

The ESAs, epoetin alfa and darbepoetin alfa were also tested. The concentration of darbepoetin was converted using the following formula: $\mathrm { 1 n g / m L } = 1 6 6 \mathrm { m I U / m L } .$ 1

Note; The cross-reactivity results of the ESAs are provided for information only and should not be used to make a therapeutic decision.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPO (mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Epoetin alfa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Dabepoetin alfa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2075 mIU/mL (12.5 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>518.75 mIU/mL (3.125 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>259.29 mIU/mL (1.562 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129.65 mIU/mL (0.781 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.78</td></tr></table>

# Interference

Potential interference in the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay from hemoglobin, bilirubin, and lipemia, is designed to be $\leq$ $1 0 \%$ at EPO concentrations of approximately $4 \mathrm { \textrm { - } } 6 \mathrm { \ m I U / m L }$ and $2 5 - 3 5 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ .

Interfering substances at the levels indicated in the table below were tested as described in CLSI Document EP07-A227 using the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum specimens that are...</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Have an insignificant effect on the assay up to...</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hemolyzed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL (0.31 mmol/L) of haemoglobin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>icteric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL (1026 µmol/L) of unconjugated bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>icteric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL (475 µmol/L) of conjugated bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lipemic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/dL (34.0 mmol/L) of lipemia (Intralipid)</td></tr></table>

Two levels of EPO were tested with each of the following substances at the levels indicated, and caused no significant interference in the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay at EPO concentrations of approximately $4 \mathrm { - } 6 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ and $2 5 - 3 5 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 mg/dL (927 μmol/L) a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicyclic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL (2.8 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 mg/dL (4.1 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL (12.95 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPO Soluble Receptor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 ng/mL a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8000 U/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Gamma Globulins</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9 g/dL b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL (1942 μmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multivitamin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2% (therapeutic level)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protein Albumin (human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 g/dL (60 g/L) a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silwet L720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 g/dL (120 g/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL (11.3 mmol/L)</td></tr></table>

a concentration-response curve performed to determine non-interfering levels (See detailed study below) b concentration determined by spiking and recovery method

When targeted concentrations of interfering substances caused ${ > } 1 0 \%$ change in EPO values, further investigation was performed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPO   ConcentrationsTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level ≤10% change wasobserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level &gt;10% change wasobserved</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-6 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 14 mg/dL (927µmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 18 mg/dL (1192μµmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-35 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL (1324 µmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Albumin (human)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 - 6 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 6.0 g/dL (60 g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 6.8 g/dL (68 g/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-35 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.2 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>EPO soluble receptor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-6mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 25.00 ng/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 31.25 ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-35 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15.61 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 18.75 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human gammaglobulins (IgG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4- 6 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 -35 mlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7 g/dL</td></tr></table>

Assay results obtained at individual laboratories may vary from the data presented.

# Precision

Seven pooled serum samples were prepared with EPO concentrations spanning the measuring interval. Samples were tested in replicates of 2, in 2 runs per day, over 20 days, yielding 80 observations per sample. One ADVIA Centaur XP system and 3 reagent lots were used.

Representative data from the study is shown in the following table:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability (Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lab (Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>579.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr></table>

# Specimen Collection Comparison

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay was evaluated using different human serum and plasma matrices. The assay is designed to have a correlation coefficient $( \mathbf { r } ) \geq 0 . 9 5 ,$ a slope of 0.90– 1.10, and an intercept $\pm 1 . 0 0 \mathrm { m U U / m L }$ for alternate tube types (y) versus human serum $( \mathsf { x } )$ . A specimen collection study was performed with serum EPO values ranging from $4 . 3 9 \mathrm {         - } 7 0 7 . 8 1 \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ .

Passing-Bablok regression and a Pearson coefficient analysis were performed and no significant difference between tube types was observed. The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum (x) Vs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA (y)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin (y)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Separator Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum Separator Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td></tr></table>

# K. Summary of Clinical Performance:

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the predicate as indicated by reference intervals (expected values) and a method comparison.

# Method Comparison

A total of 216 human serum samples in the range of $3 . 2 9 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 6 9 1 . 6 0 ~ \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ were tested on the Centaur XP system vs. the predicate following CLSI EP09-A3.

The relationship of the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay (y) and a comparator EPO assay $( \mathsf { x } )$ is described using Passing-Bablok regression and a Pearson coefficient using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Data from the study is shown below:

ADVIA Centaur $\mathrm { E P O \ ( y ) } = 0 . 9 9 \ ( \mathrm { x } ) + 0 . 8 1 \ \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ (intercept), $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9$ .

A second method comparison was performed with a total of 100 human serum samples from US population in the range of $4 . 4 5 - 4 0 7 . 7 4 ~ \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ were tested on the Centaur EPO assay and a comparator EPO assay following CLSI EP09-A3.

The relationship of the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay (y) and the comparator EPO assay $( \mathsf { x } )$ is described using Passing-Bablok regression and a Pearson coefficient using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Data from the study is shown below:

ADVIA Centaur $\mathrm { E P O \ ( y ) } = 1 . 0 7 \ ( \mathrm { x } ) + 0 . 0 0 \ \mathrm { m I U / m L }$ (intercept), ${ \bf r } = 1 . 0 0$ .

A third mutli-site study was performed 3 sites, 2 within Europe and 1 within the US tested a total of 327 human serum samples $( \geq 1 0 0$ samples per site) in the range of 3.55 – 596.81 $\mathrm { m U / m L }$ were tested on the Centaur EPO assay and a comparator EPO assay.

The relationship of the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay (y) and the comparator EPO assay $( \mathsf { x } )$ is described using Passing-Bablok regression and a Pearson coefficient using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Data from the study is shown below:

ADVIA Centaur $\mathrm { E P O \ ( y ) = 1 . 0 1 \ ( x ) + 0 . 3 6 \ m I U / m L }$ (intercept), $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9$ .

# Expected Values

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay results were obtained on 251 apparently healthy subjects, males $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { n = 1 } 2 8 )$ ) and females $( \mathrm { n } { = } 1 2 3 )$ ), older than 21 years of age using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Samples were collected between $7 { : } 3 0 \ \mathrm { a m }$ and 12 noon from individuals with normal hematocrit and hemoglobin levels. Smokers, pregnant women, people living at high altitude or having donated blood within 60 days were excluded.

The reference intervals in the following table were calculated non-parametrically according to EP28-A3.

ADVIA Centaur EPO Reference Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Median(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Reference Range(mIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CombinedMale and Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.43 - 10.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.44 26.25</td></tr></table>

# ADVIA Centaur EPO Pediatric Ranges

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay results were obtained on 266 apparently healthy children (2 to ${ < } 1 3$ years) and adolescents (13 to $< 2 2$ years) using the ADVIA Centaur XP system. Samples were collected $6 { : } 0 0 \ \mathrm { a m }$ and 12 noon from individuals who were of normal weight and height for their age, and were without known diseases.

The reference intervals are presented in the table below and were calculated by means of robust biweight estimators.2

ADVIA Centaur EPO Pediatric Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI of Median(mIU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Reference Range(mIU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male Child</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.14-9.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13-25.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male Adolescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.18-10.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15-26.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female Child</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.20-9.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.94-24.47</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female Adolescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.04-10.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.07-40.30</td></tr></table>

As with all in vitro diagnostic assays, each laboratory should determine its own reference range(s) for the diagnostic evaluation of patient results. Consider these values as guidelines only.

# L. Standardization:

The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay is traceable to the World Health Organization (WHO) 2nd International Reference Preparation for Erythropoietin (Human, urinary derived); NIBSC code: 67/343. Assigned values for calibrators are traceable to this standard. The ADVIA Centaur EPO assay is also traceable to the $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ World Health Organization (WHO) International Standard for Erythropoietin, recombinant, for bioassay; NIBSC code: 11/170

# M. Conclusion:

Based on the performance characteristics the ADVIA Centaur EPO assay is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.