March 21, 2019

Beckman Coulter   
Anthony Dennis   
Sr. Manager   
11800 SW 147th Ave.   
Miami, Florida 33196-2500

Re: K183592 Trade/Device Name: ClearLLab 10C Panels (B, T, M1, M2), Navios Flow Cytometer, Navios EX Flow Cytometer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7010 Regulation Name: Flow cytometric test system for hematopoietic neoplasms Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: PWD, OYE Dated: December 20, 2018 Received: December 21, 2018

Dear Anthony Dennis:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Douglas A. Jeffery -S

Doug Jeffery   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K183592

Device Name ClearLLab 10C Panels (B, T, M1, M2)

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ClearLLab 10C Panels are intended for in vitro diagnostic use for qualitative identification of cell populations by multiparameter immunophenotyping on the Navios and Navios EX flow cytometers. These reagents are used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of hematologically abnormal patients having, or suspected of having, the following hematopoietic neoplasms: chronic leukemia, acute leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and/or myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN). The reagents can be used with peripheral whole blood (collected in K2EDTA, Acid Citrate Dextrose (ACD) or Heparin), bone marrow (collected in K2EDTA, ACD or Heparin) and lymph node specimens. Interpretation of the results should be confirmed by a pathologist or equivalent professional in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

These reagents provide multiparameter, qualitative results for the surface antigens listed below:

• ClearLLab 10C B Cell Tube: Kappa, Lambda, CD10, CD5, CD200, CD34, CD38, CD20, CD19, CD45   
• ClearLLab 10C T Cell Tube: TCRȖį, CD4, CD2, CD56, CD5, CD34, CD3, CD8, CD7, CD45   
• ClearLLab 10C M1 Cell Tube: CD16, CD7, CD10, CD13, CD64, CD34, CD14, HLA-DR, CD11b, CD45   
• ClearLLab 10C M2 Cell Tube: CD15, CD123, CD117, CD13, CD33, CD34, CD38, HLA-DR, CD19, CD45

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K183592

Device Name Navios Flow Cytometer

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K183592

Device Name Navios EX Flow Cytometer

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td>Section 5</td><td>510(k) Summary</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for ClearLLab 10C Reagents

# 510(k) Owner / Submitter Information

Name: Beckman Coulter Inc.   
Address: 11800 SW $1 4 7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ave., Miami, FL 33196 Phone #: (305) 380-4509   
Fax #: (305) 380-4344   
Contact Person: Anthony Dennis   
Email Address: adennis@beckman.com   
Date Submitted: 12 December 2018   
Device Information   
Trade Name: ClearLLab 10C (T), ClearLLab 10C (B), ClearLLab 10C (M1),   
ClearLLab (M2)   
Common Name: ClearLLab Reagents   
Classification Name: Flow Cytometric Test System for Hematopoietic Neoplasms (21   
CFR 864.7010)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: PWD   
Panel: Hematology   
Trade Name: Navios Flow Cytometer   
Common Name: Navios Flow Cytometer   
Classification Name: Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR 864.5220)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: OYE   
Panel: Hematology   
Trade Name: Navios EX Flow Cytometer   
Common Name: Navios EX Flow Cytometer   
Classification Name: Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR 864.5220)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: OYE   
Panel: Hematology

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DateCleared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ProductClassification  21 CFRCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearLLab Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DEN160047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>06/29/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PWD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Navios Flow Cytometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K130373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9/18/2013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OYE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Navios EX Flow Cytometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K162897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/23/2017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OYE</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

The new ClearLLab 10C reagent system is comprised of various components and is described below. Figures 2 and 3 illustrate the anticipated workflow from instrument setup through data analysis with a breakout of the standardization and Quality Control sequence for the new reagent system. As the figures show, the process is in-line with standard flow cytometry protocol.

 Four ClearLLab 10C Panels [B, T, M1 and M2]   
 Navios and Navios EX flow cytometers [3 laser/10 color configurations] ClearLLab Compensation Kit   
7 ClearLLab Compensation Beads ClearLLab Control Cells, normal and abnormal Kaluza C data analysis software   
 Flow-Check Pro Fluorospheres   
 Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres   
 IOTest 3 Fixative Solution   
 IOTest 3 Lysing Solution

The ClearLLab 10C reagent system is run on Beckman Coulter’s Navios or Navios EX flow cytometer (3 Laser/10 Color configurations]. It requires off-line manual sample processing and use of the accompanying lysing reagent. As part of the ClearLLab 10C reagent system, to allow proper utilization of this application, the indications for the Navios and Navios EX flow cytometers include all ten fluorescent detection channels and three laser configurations (blue, red and violet).

LMD data analysis is performed manually using the Kaluza C Analysis Software. This Analysis Software package is supplied separately from the Navios and Navios EX system softwares and must be installed on an independent computer workstation for off-line analysis of listmode files generated on the flow cytometer with the associated reagents and cytometer system software package, including Control Cell QC data and sample data analysis. The Navios and Navios EX analysis software are NOT be recommended for use with this application (Note that QC data from Flow-Set Pro, Flow-Check Pro, and Compensation products will continue to be analyzed using the on-board instrument software).

Kaluza C Software is a software tool designed to work with \*.fcs and \*.lmd files generated from flow cytometers.

Preset Kaluza C analysis templates for the ClearLLab 10c reagent system are provided.

# Intended Use:

ClearLLab 10C Reagents

The ClearLLab 10C Panels are intended for in vitro diagnostic use for qualitative identification of cell populations by multiparameter immunophenotyping on the Navios and Navios EX flow cytometers. These reagents are used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of hematologically abnormal patients having, or suspected of having, the following hematopoietic neoplasms: chronic leukemia, acute leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and/or myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN). The reagents can be used with peripheral whole blood (collected in K2EDTA, Acid Citrate Dextrose (ACD) or Heparin), bone marrow (collected in K2EDTA, ACD or Heparin) and lymph node specimens. Interpretation of the results should be confirmed by a pathologist or equivalent professional in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

These reagents provide multiparameter, qualitative results for the surface antigens listed below:

 ClearLLab 10C B Cell Tube: Kappa, Lambda, CD10, CD5, CD200, CD34, CD38, CD20, CD19, CD45   
 ClearLLab 10C T Cell Tube: TCRγδ, CD4, CD2, CD56, CD5, CD34, CD3, CD8, CD7, CD45   
 ClearLLab 10C M1 Cell Tube: CD16, CD7, CD10, CD13, CD64, CD34, CD14, HLADR, CD11b, CD45   
 ClearLLab 10C M2 Cell Tube: CD15, CD123, CD117, CD13, CD33, CD34, CD38, HLA-DR, CD19, CD45

# Navios Flow Cytometer

The Navios Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping using up to ten fluorescent detection channels using three lasers $4 8 8 \mathrm { n m }$ , $6 3 8 \mathrm { n m }$ , and $4 0 5 \mathrm { n m }$ ) and two light scatter detection channels. It is intended for use with in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays and software that are indicated for use with the instrument.

# Navios EX Flow Cytometer

The Navios EX Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping using up to ten fluorescent detection channels using three lasers $4 8 8 \mathrm { n m } ,$ , $6 3 8 \mathrm { n m }$ , and $4 0 5 \mathrm { n m }$ ) and two light scatter detection channels. It is intended for use with in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays and software that are indicated for use with the instrument.

Table 1: Similarities of Features/Characteristics between the Predicate and Subject Device   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic FDA product code</td><td colspan="2">New ClearLLab 10C Reagent System Subject Device PWD (based on De Novo submission DEN160047)</td><td colspan="2">Predicate ClearLLab Reagents (5-color) In vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping</td><td colspan="2">(De Novo DEN160047) PWD Intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a panel for qualitative</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use Indications for Use</td><td colspan="4">In vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping SAME (with the exception of cytometer and clarifying language) Intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a panel for qualitative identification of cell populations by immunophenotyping on an identification of cell populations by multiparameter immunophenotyping on the Navios and Navios EX flow cytometers. These reagents are used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of hematologically abnormal patients having the following hematopoietic neoplasms: chronic leukemia, acute leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and/or myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN). The reagents can be used with peripheral whole blood (collected in K2EDTA, node specimens for immunophenotyping. The results should ACD or Heparin), bone marrow (collected in K2EDTA, ACD be interpreted by a pathologist or equivalent in conjunction or Heparin) and lymph node specimens for with other clinical and laboratory findings. immunophenotyping. Interpretation of the results should be confirmed by a pathologist or equivalent in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.</td><td>FC 500 flow cytometer. These reagents are used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of hematologically abnormal patients having the following hematopoietic neoplasms: chronic leukemia, acute leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and/or myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN). The reagents can be used with peripheral whole blood (collected in K2EDTA, ACD or Heparin), bone</td><td>marrow (collected in K2EDTA, ACD or Heparin) and lymph</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent Panels</td><td colspan="2">BOLDED MARKERS ARE THE SAME</td><td colspan="5"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">CD10</td><td colspan="2">T panel</td><td></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">B panel</td><td>M1 panel</td><td>M2 panel</td><td>B1 panel</td><td>B2 panel</td><td>T1 panel T2 panel</td><td>M panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">KAPPA TCRγδ</td><td>CD16</td><td>CD15</td><td>CD2</td><td>CD8</td><td>KAPPA CD20</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">LAMBDA CD4</td><td>CD7</td><td>CD123</td><td>CD56</td><td>CD4</td><td>CD10</td><td>CD7 CD13</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>CD2 CD10</td><td>CD117</td><td>CD7</td><td></td><td>LAMBDA</td><td></td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td colspan="4">New ClearLLab 10C Reagent System Subject Device</td><td colspan="5">Predicate ClearLLab Reagents (5-color) (De Novo DEN160047)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>CD5 CD200 CD34 CD38 CD20</td><td>CD56 CD5 CD34 CD7</td><td>CD13 CD64 CD34 CD14</td><td>CD13 CD33 CD34 CD38</td><td>CD5 CD45</td><td>CD3 CD45</td><td>CD5 CD45</td><td>CD38 CD45</td><td>CD33 CD4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>CD19 CD45</td><td>CD3 CD45</td><td>HLA-DR CD11b CD45</td><td>CD19 CD45</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Reagent Form Storage Conditions</td><td colspan="4">Dry unitized form (one test / panel) 18-30°</td><td colspan="4">Liquid form</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Set-up Reagents Standardization</td><td colspan="4">SIMILAR Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres:</td><td colspan="4">2-8</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Optical alignment and</td><td colspan="4">Same function, but expanded to allow use on all 10 channels of the Navios and Navios EX SIMILAR</td><td colspan="4">Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>fluidics Lyse and Fixation</td><td colspan="4">Flow-Check Pro Fluorospheres: Same function, but expanded to allow use on all 10 channels of the Navios and Navios EX</td><td colspan="4">Flow-Check Pro Fluorospheres</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4">SIMILAR, EXISTING IOTest 3 Fixative Solution IOTest 3 Lysing Solution</td><td colspan="4">IOTest 3 Fixative Solution</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample Preparation Reagents for Color</td><td colspan="4">SIMILAR Wash and prepare samples manually</td><td colspan="4">Wash and prepare samples manually</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Compensation ClearLLab Compensation Kit and ClearLLab Compensation Beads</td><td colspan="4">NEW ClearLLab Compensation Kit with ClearLLab Compensation Beads: the Compensation Kit includes dry reagents used to set color compensation settings. The kit contains 10 tubes of</td><td colspan="4">CD45-FITC, CD45-PE and CD45-ECD from existing</td><td></td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New ClearLLab 10C Reagent SystemSubject Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate ClearLLab Reagents (5-color)(De Novo DEN160047)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>that can be used to set compensation in conjunction with theCompensation Kit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Table 2: Similarities and differences between Navios and its predicate   

<table><tr><td>Attribute</td><td>Navios Flow Cytometer K130373</td><td>Subject Navios Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td>FDA product code</td><td>OYE The Navios Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro</td><td>OYE</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>diagnostic device for immunophenotyping. It can be used in conjunction with the following monoclonal antibody reagents and software package: • CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4- RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO-STATE tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19- ECD/CD3-PCD5 monoclonal antibody reagents. These reagents provide identification and enumeration of CD3+CD4+, CD3+CD8+, CD3+, CD19+ and CD3- CD56+ lymphocyte percentages and absolute counts in peripheral whole blood. Absolute counts may be determined by the Navios flow cytometer using Flow- Count Fluorospheres (single platform technology method) or separate hematology results (dual platform method). These reagents are indicated for use in the immunologic assessment of patients having or suspected of having immune deficiency. Navios tetra Software for automated analysis and results with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45- FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 and CYTO- STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19- ECD/CD3-PC5 monoclonal antibody reagents. Navios Software may be installed on an independent computer workstation for off-line analysis of listmode files generated by the Navios Flow Cytometer with the monoclonal antibody reagents and software package listed above. The off-line analysis</td><td>The Navios Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping using up to ten fluorescent detection channels using three lasers (488 nm, 638 nm and 405 nm) and two light scatter detection channels. It is intended for use with in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays and software that are indicated for use with the instrument.</td></tr><tr><td>Safety Features controls</td><td>must be performed in accordance with the product labeling. Interlocks and mitigation of hazards via software and hardware</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Attribute                              Navios Flow Cytometer                                         Subject Navios Flow CytometerK130373Pre-Analytic Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  Bench top•   Printer•   PC based workstation running Microsoft Windows Vista orWIN7 application specific software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (the 10C application is for WIN7 only)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparationwith MonoclonalAntibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Off-board sample preparation following instructions providedwith cleared antibody reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Presentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared sample added to a daughter tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample AspirationProbe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed height</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resuspension ofprepared sample priorto introduction tosystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared sample is vortex mixed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube sampler•  Automated presentation with Multi-tube Carousel Loader(MCL) from 32 test tube capacity carouselManual presentation into a tube location on a MCL via tubeaccess door</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspiration Pathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same aspiration pathway used for automated and manualpresentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bar-code reading of carousel position and labeled sample tube.User may also identify samples based on carousel location with aworklist.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="2">Analytical FeaturesBlue (488 nm), 22mW                                                SameLasers / Driver BoardsRed (638nm), 25mWViolet (405 nm), 40mW</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lasers / Driver Boards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blue (488 nm), 22mWRed (638nm), 25mWViolet (405 nm), 40mW</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Navios Flow CytometerAttribute                                                                                                     Subject Navios Flow CytometerK130373</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximum ParameterDetectors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Twelve (FS, SS, FL1 - FL10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electronics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 MHz samplingDigital integrator circuitry w/early stage ADC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photomultiplier Tubes(PMTs) / Colors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard 5 PMTs (FL1  FL5) off of 488 nm laser (blue)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same; 10C application will require expansion to all 10 PMTs:Standard 3 PMTs (FL6  FL8) off of 638 nm laser (red)Standard 2 PMTs (FL9 - FL10) off of 405 nm laser (violet)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color Separation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collimated beam is separated into desired components withdichroic filters.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board acquisitionsoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Software available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Post-Analytical Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>canmaGlowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Reporting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FlowPAGE, Panel Report, Plots and Statistics printouts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleaning CycleBetween Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Executed with IsoFlow Sheath Fluid ensuring carryoverspecification is met</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality ControlTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• Daily Instrument Checks• Supplied Controls for ClearLLab 10C application• Inter-laboratory Quality Assurance Program (IQAP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleanse Cycle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleaning cycle performed with FlowClean cleaning reagent aspart of the daily shutdown process, before and after runningsamples with vital dyes that stain the tubing, and as part oftroubleshooting.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Compensation and Sample Preparation Reagents</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents used forcompensation andsample preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickComp 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearLLab Compensation Kit and Compensation Beads with thenew ClearLLab 10C application.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Controls and Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls and Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Check Pro FluorospheresFlow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSame function, but expanded to allow use on all 10 channels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-Trol and Immuno-Trol Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearLLab Control Cells (Normal and Abnormal) with theClearLLab 10C application.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

Table 3: Similarities and differences between Navios EX and its predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Attribute                            Navios EX Flow Cytometer                                    Subject Navios EX Flow CytometerK162897Product Code                                            OYE                                                                    OYE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OYE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Navios EX Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitrodiagnostic device for immunophenotyping using up to fourfluorescent detection channels using a blue (488 nm) laser andtwo light scatter detection channels. It is intended for use with invitro diagnostic (IVD) assays and software that are indicated foruse with the instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Navios EX Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitrodiagnostic device for immunophenotyping using up to tenfluorescent detection channels using three lasers (488 nm, 638nm and 405 nm) and two light scatter detection channels. It isintended for use with in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays andsoftware that are indicated for use with the instrument.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interlocks and mitigation of hazards via software and hardwarecontrols</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pre-Analytic Features</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Bench topPrinter•  PC based workstation running Microsoft WIN7 applicationspecific software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparationwith MonoclonalAntibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Off-board sample preparation following instructions providedwith cleared antibody reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Presentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prepared sample added to a daughter tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample AspirationProbe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fixed height</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resuspension ofprepared sample priorto introduction tosystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prepared sample is vortex mixed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Introduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tube sampler•  Automated presentation with Multi-tube Carousel Loader(MCL) from 32 test tube capacity carouselManual presentation into a tube location on a MCL via tubeaccess door</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspiration Pathway</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same aspiration pathway used for automated and manualpresentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Attribute                            Navios EX Flow Cytometer                                    Subject Navios EX Flow CytometerK162897</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Identification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bar-code reading of carousel position and labeled sample tube.User may also identify samples based on carousel location with aworklist.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Analytical Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lasers / Driver Boards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blue (488 nm), 55mWRed (638nm), 50mWViolet (405 nm), 80 mW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximum ParameterDetectors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Twelve (FS, SS, FL1 - FL10)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electronics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 MHz samplingDigitalintraor cicuiry wrly a ADC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photomultiplier Tubes(PMTs) / Colors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard 5 PMTs (FL1  FL5) of of 488 nm laser (blue)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same; 10C application will require expansion to all 10 PMTs:Standard 3 PMTs (FL6 - FL8) off of 638 nm laser (red)Standard 2 PMTs (FL9 - FL10) off of 405 nm laser (violet)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color Separation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Collimated beam is separated into desired components withdichroic filters.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board acquisitionsoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Software available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Post-Analytical Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Reporting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FlowPAGE, Panel Report, Plots and Statistics printouts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleaning CycleBetween Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Executed with IsoFlow Sheath Fluid ensuring carryoverspecification is met</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality ControlTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• Daily Instrument ChecksSupplied Controls for ClearLLab 10C applicationInter-laboratory Quality Assurance Program (IQAP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleanse Cycle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleaning cycle performed with FlowClean cleaning reagent aspart of the daily shutown proces, before and aterrunnigsamples with vital dyes that stain the tubing, and as part oftroubleshooting.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Navios EX Flow Cytometer                                    Subject Navios EX Flow CytometerAttributeK162897</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents used forcompensation andsample preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickComp 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearLLab Compensation Kit and Compensation Beads with thenew ClearLLab 10C application.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Controls and Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Controls andCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Flow-Check Pro FluorospheresFlow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSame function, but expanded to allow use on all 10 channels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Process Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immuno-Trol and Immuno-Trol Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearLLab Control Cells (Normal and Abnormal) with theClearLLab 10C application.</td></tr></table>

Summary of Instrument Characterization and Analytical Performance Testing   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Approach</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Guidance Documents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standards/ References</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laser PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verify stability of the laserperformance of the Naviosand Navios EX flowcytometer over time.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Navios and Navios EX laserperformance is stable over time.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Carryover</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To verify carryover usingFlow-Check Profluorospheres meetsperformance specifications.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications for AutomatedDifferential Cell Countersfor Immature or AbnormalBlood Cells - Carryover(Section 12)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI H26-A2; FDA StandardsRecognition #7-210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Navios and Navios EX meet thecarryover performance requirements.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verify fluorescence detectionis linear using standardNavios and Navios EXsettings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity of fluorescence measurements wasdemonstrated.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Navios vs. Navios EXPercent Cell RecoveryEquivalence Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate the equivalentperformance in % cellrecovery between Navios andNavios EX flow cytometerswhen running ClearLLab 10Capplication.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications for AutomatedDifferential Cell Countersfor Immature or AbnormalBlood Cells - Accuracy(Section 8)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP09-A3, MethodComparison and Bias EstimationUsing Patient Samples; ApprovedGuideline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Navios and Navios EX FlowCytometry Systems are equivalence whenrunning the ClearLLab 10C application.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Objective</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Guidance Documents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standards/ References</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characterization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate antibodyspecificity includingFluorescence Minus One</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat specific antibody clones and polyclonalantibody reagents are identified for ClearLLab10C reagent panel markers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characterization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Titrate for optimal reagentdosage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat antibody conjugates dosing values aredetermined for was defined for each antibodyof ClearLLab 10C reagents.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characterization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assess of Non-SpecificBinding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratessolutions implemented to reduce and/or obtainacceptable level of non-specific binding.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate variability ofmultiple lots of material.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision Performance ofQuantitative MeasurementMethods; Approved Guideline -Third Edition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels haveacceptable lot variability performance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate reagent stability.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP25-A - Evaluation ofStability of In Vitro DiagnosticReagents. Approved Guideline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels metperformance requirements in support of theproduct's stability claims.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carryover  Specimen andReagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To verify carryover ofspecimen and reagents on theNavios and Navios EX meetsperformance specifications.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Carryover (Section 12)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validation, Verification, andQuality Assurance of AutomatedHematology Analyzers, ApprovedStandard - 2nd Edition; June 2010;CLSI H26-A2; FDA StandardsRecognition #7-210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Navios and Navios EX meetscarryover performance requirements.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bulk vs. Single Wash</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate equivalency ofsample preparation methods.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP09-A3, MeasurementProcedure Comparison and Bias</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Equivalency of single tube wash and bulkwash methodology was demonstrated.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Objective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Guidance Documents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standards/ References</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimation Using Patient Samples;Approved Guideline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Capability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To verify that the ClearLLab10C panels with the Navios orNavios EX meet theperformance requirements forthe ability to differentiatebetween abnormal and normalpopulations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wood B et al. Validation of Cell-Based Fluorescence Assays:Practice Guidelines from the ICSHand ICCS - Part V - Assayperformance Criteria. CytometryPart B (Clinical Cytometry), pp.315-323</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels with theNavios or Navios EX meet the performancerequirements for Detection Capability.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Age andPrepared Sample Stability(Whole Blood and BoneMarrow)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verify whole blood and bonemarrow specimen andprepared sample stabilityclaims.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels meet therequirements for specimen and preparedsample stability (Whole Blood and BoneMarrow).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Age andPrepared Sample Stability(Lymph Node)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verify lymph node samplesprepared sample stabilitycclaim.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels meet therequirements for prepared sample stability(Lymph Node).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant EquivalencyWhole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrate equivalentperformance of whole bloodspecimens collected in severaldifferent anticoagulants(K2EDTA, Heparin and ACD)on the Navios system usingClearLLab 10C panels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLSI EP09-A3, MeasurementProcedure Comparison and BiasEstimation Using Patient Samples;Approved Guideline--Third Edition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance of ClearLLab 10C panels withwhole blood specimens collected in KEDTA,Heparin and ACD anticoagulants wasdemonstrated to be equivalent.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anticoagulant MethodComparison - 10C to 5C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrate equivalency ofanticoagulants used with bonemarrow and whole bloodspecimens with the ClearLLab10C panels in reference to theClearLLab 5 color reagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Accuracy (Section 8)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline  SecondEdition; CLSI EP12-A2; FDAStandards Recognition #7-152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For all conditions evaluated, the data collecteddemonstrates that the various anticoagulantsare equivalent.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=2>StudyPrecision - ControlMaterialPrecision - Multi-Site withClinical SpecimensPrecision - Operator andInstrument VariabilityClinical Accuracy</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Testing ResultsAnalysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels meetperformance requirements for repeatabilityand reproducibility.Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels meetperformance requirements for repeatabilityand reproducibility.The ClearLLab 10C panels when run on eachspecimen type by different operators ondifferent Navios EX flow cytometersdemonstrated acceptable precisionperformance and met acceptance criteria.Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels are able</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Objective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Guidance Documents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standards/ References</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision - ControlMaterial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrate systemimprecision using controlmaterial as a surrogate for astabilized sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Precision (Section 9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures;Approved Guideline - ThirdEdition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels meetperformance requirements for repeatabilityand reproducibility.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision - Multi-Site withClinical Specimens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrate assayrepeatability andreproducibility using bothnormal and clinicalspecimens.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Precision (Section 9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures;Approved Guideline - ThirdEdition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline  SecondEdition; CLSI EP12-A2; FDAStandards Recognition #7-152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels meetperformance requirements for repeatabilityand reproducibility.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision - Operator andInstrument Variability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Demonstrate systemimprecision performance ofthe ClearLLab 10C panelsusing the same specimenprepared by three (3)operators, twice a day, on two() Navios EX flowcytometers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Precision (Section 9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures;Approved Guideline - ThirdEdition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline  SecondEdition; CLSI EP12-A2; FDAStandards Recognition #7-152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ClearLLab 10C panels when run on eachspecimen type by different operators ondifferent Navios EX flow cytometersdemonstrated acceptable precisionperformance and met acceptance criteria.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluate the clinical accuracyof the ClearLLab 10C Panelsin identifying an abnormal ornormal phenotype vs. the</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLSI H43-A2: Clinical FlowCytometric Analysis of NeoplasticHematolymphoid Cells  Second</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels are able</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagents Section 5: 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Objective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Guidance Documents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standards/ References</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>site&#x27;s clinical diagnosis ofmalignant or non-malignantoutcome from the currentstandard of care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edition; FDA StandardsRecognition #7-150User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline - SecondEdition; CLSI EP12-A2; FDAStandards Recognition #7-152CLSI EP24-A2: Assessment of theDiagnostic Accuracy of LaboratoryTets Using Receiver OperatingCharacteristic Curves; ApprovedGuideline  Second Edition; FDAStandards Recognition #7-234</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>identify the abnormal population whencompared to clinical outcome.</td></tr></table>

Summary of Accessory Reagents Performance Testing:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Objective</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Guidance Documents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standards/ References</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IOTest 3 Fixative andIOTest 3 Lysing Solution -Lot-to-Lot Reproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate variability ofmultiple lots of material.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures; ApprovedGuideline - Third Edition. FDAStandards Recognition #7-251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the IOTest 3 Fixative and LysingSolutions have acceptable lot variabilityperformance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow-Set Pro Lot-to-LotVariability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate variability ofmultiple lots of material.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures; ApprovedGuideline - Third Edition. FDAStandards Recognition #7-251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Flow-Set Pro have acceptable lotvariability performance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow-Check Pro Lot-to-LotVariability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate variability ofmultiple lots of material.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP5-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures; ApprovedGuideline - Third Edition. FDAStandards Recognition #7-251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Flow-Check Pro have acceptable lotvariability performance.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClearLLab CompensationKit with ClearLLabCompensation BeadsReagent Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate reagentstability.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Compensation Kit and CompensationBeads meet performance requirements insupport of the products' stability claims.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IOTest 3 Lysing Solutionand Fixative ReagentStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate reagentstability.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the IOTest 3 Fixative Solution andLysing Solutions meet performancerequirements in support of the product'sstability claims.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow-Set Pro FluorospheresReagent Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate reagentstability.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP25-A - Evaluation ofStability of In Vitro DiagnosticReagents. Approved Guideline;FDA Standards Recognition #7-235</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres meetperformance requirements in support of theproduct's stability claims.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow-Check ProFluorospheres ReagentStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate reagentstability.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP25-A - Evaluation ofStability of In Vitro DiagnosticReagents. Approved Guideline;FDA Standards Recognition #7-235</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the Flow-Check Pro Fluorospheres meetperformance requirements in support of theproduct's stability claims.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow-Set Pro AnalyteValue Assignment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Define Flow-Set Pro Targetranges for use with theClearLLab 10C panels anddefine a process for rangestransfer from one lot of Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat appropriate Flow-Set Pro target rangesare defined for use with the ClearLLab 10Cpanels and that a process for ranges transferfrom one lot of Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheresto another one is in place.</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion to Demonstrate Safety, Effectiveness & Equivalent Performance to Predicate:

The ClearLLab 10C Reagents, that are the subject of this submission, in concert with the conclusions drawn from the performance testing discussed above demonstrate that when compared to the predicate device is as safe, as effective, and meets the performance acceptance criteria.

In summary, the ClearLLab 10C Reagents as described in this submission is substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to its predicate devices.

The ClearLLab 10C Reagents are substantially equivalent to the ClearLLab Reagents (5C).

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.