Diagnostic Grifols, S.A.   
Joaquin Tamparillas   
Technical Director at Diagnostic Industrial Group of Grifols S.A. Passeig Fluvial, 24   
Parets del Valles, Barcelona 08150 Spain

Re: K183390 Trade/Device Name: QNext and DG-PT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA, GJS Dated: July 20, 2019 Received: July 22, 2019

Dear Joaquin Tamparillas:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k183390

Device Name QNext and DG-PT

Indications for Use (Describe)

QNext:

The QNext is a fully-automated, random-access instrument, intended for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories to perform hemostasis testing by detecting the changes in optical density.

DG-PT:

DG-PT is a thromboplastin reagent for the quantitative determination of Prothrombin Time on human plasma samples collected in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate.   
The product is used for the evaluation of the extrinsic and common coagulation pathways in seconds and for the monitoring Oral Anticoagulant Therapy with warfarin in International Normalized Ratio (INR).   
For use with QNext.   
For clinical professional laboratory and prescription use only.   
For in vitro diagnostic use.   
The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510 (k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92 and follows the FDA guidance ‘The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications $[ 5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } ) ] $ , issued July 28, 2014.

# 5.1 Submitter Information

# Company Information:

# Contact Person:

Diagnostic Grifols S.A.   
Passeig Fluvial, 24, Parets del Valles   
Barcelona, 08150, Spain   
Joaquín Alberto Tamparillas, GH Diagnostic Techical Director Phone: (34) 670 924 632   
Fax: (34) 935 731 132   
Email: joaquin.alberto@grifols.com   
June 13, 2019

# Date Prepared:

# 5.2 Devices

Trade Names: Common Names: Regulation Number: Regulatory Class: Product Codes:

QNext and DG-PT.   
Multipurpose System for In Vitro Coagulation and Prothrombin Time. 864.5425 and 864.7750   
Class II   
JPA and GJS

# 5.3 Predicate Devices

# Trade Names:

ACL Top 700 (K160276) and HemosIL PT Fibrinogen HS Plus (K060931).   
Instrument Coagulation Automated and Prothrombin Time. 864.5400 and 864.7750   
Class II   
GKP and GJS

Common Names: Regulation Number: Regulatory Class: Product Codes:

# 5.4 Device Description

QNext is designed to automatically perform all stages of the procedures associated to hemostasis tests allowing the operator to:

• Absorb the workload involved in running hemostasis laboratory tests profiles, optimizing the execution of these profiles in the shortest time possible, and ensuring the maximum possible precision and accuracy in the results.   
• Increase the reliability of the analytical process, eliminating any possible errors in the identification and treatment of samples and products and in the revision and transcription of the results.   
• Reduce the risk of Operator contamination by minimizing interaction between the Operator and samples and products during the analytical process.

To perform the operations for which it has been designed, QNext automatically follows the steps listed below:

• Sample management: loading, positive identification, aspiration, dilution (if required) and dispensation into cuvettes.   
• Reagent management: loading, positive identification, cooling, stirring, aspiration and dispensation into cuvettes.   
• Cuvette management: loading, transport, incubation during the reactions and management of used cuvettes.   
• Management of test requests.   
• Execution of test procedures.   
• Result management: optical measurement of the reactions, algorithm calculation of analytical parameters from reaction curves, validation of results, traceability, bi-directional transmission of requests and results to the LIS.   
• Management of disposable components.

The data analyzed can be stored, displayed and printed. Additionally, the analyzer allows conducting integrated functions, such as the analysis of urgent samples or the Quality Control module.

DG-PT consists of a glass vial containing lyophilized thromboplastin (tissue factor and phospholipids) from rabbit brain tissue, buffer, calcium ions and preservative. The closure system includes a stopper and a screw cap.

DG-PT reagent is used to perform PT tests for:

• the evaluation of the extrinsic and common coagulation pathways.   
• The monitoring Oral Anticoagulant Therapy with warfarin.

The assay is based on the activation of the extrinsic coagulation pathway by the addition of the reagent to the plasma sample. The thromboplastin interacts with FVII and calcium ions activating a series of specific enzymes that comprise the extrinsic and common pathways of the coagulation cascade ultimately leading to the formation of a fibrin clot. The QNext reader measures the light change produced during the reaction.

# 5.5 Indications for Use

# QNext:

The QNext is a fully-automated, random-access instrument, intended for in vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories to perform hemostasis testing by detecting the changes in optical density.

# DG-PT:

DG-PT is a thromboplastin reagent for the quantitative determination of Prothrombin Time on human plasma samples collected in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate.   
The product is used for the evaluation of the extrinsic and common coagulation pathways in seconds and for the monitoring Oral Anticoagulant Therapy with warfarin in International Normalized Ratio (INR). For use with QNext.   
For clinical professional laboratory and prescription use only.   
For in vitro diagnostic use.   
The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

# 5.6 Comparison to Predicate Devices

# 5.6.1 Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQNext</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceACL Top 700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QNext is a fully-automated, random-access instrument, intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in clinical laboratories toperform hemostasis testing by detectingthe changes in optical density.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP is a bench top, fullyautomated, random access analyzerdesigned specifically for in vitrodiagnostic clinical use in the hemostasislaboratory for coagulation and/orfibrinolysis testing in the assessment ofthrombosis and/or hemostasis. The systemprovides results for both direct hemostasismeasurements and calculated parameters.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2% Citrated Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cloting tests.Note: QNext doesn't include thechromogenic and turbidimetric methodsin the intended use. This indication willbe presented in a future 510(k)submission.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cloting tests. Chromogenic Turbidimetric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modes ofOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated and continuous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cuvettesloading</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Continuous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples andReagents barcode reader</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample pre-dilution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample liquidlevel detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentcontainer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Original container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Subject Device DG-PT</td><td>Predicate Device HemosIL PT-Fibrinogen HS PLUS</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>DG-PT is a thromboplastin reagent for the quantitative determination of Prothrombin Time on human plasma samples collected in 3.2% sodium citrate. The product is used for the evaluation of the extrinsic and common coagulation pathways in seconds and for the monitoring Oral Anticoagulant Therapy with warfarin in International Normalized Ratio (INR). For use with QNext. For clinical professional laboratory and prescription use only. For in vitro diagnostic use. The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations. Note: DG-PT doesn't include the determination of fibrinogen in the intended use. This indication will be</td><td>A very high sensitivity calcium thromboplastin for simultaneous determinations of Prothrombin Time (PT) and Fibrinogen (Fib), for the evaluation of the extrinsic coagulation pathway and monitoring Oral Anticoagulant Therapy in human citrated plasma on the IL Coagulation Systems.</td></tr><tr><td>Principle of the test</td><td>The assay is based on the activation of the extrinsic coagulation pathway by the addition of a PT reagent to plasma. Tissue thromboplastin interacts with FVII and calcium ions activating a series of specific enzymes that comprise the extrinsic and common pathways of the coagulation cascade, ultimately leading to the formation of a fibrin clot. The PT is the time (in seconds) from the mixing of the plasma with a thromboplastin reagent until a fibrin clot is detected.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vial content</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thromboplastinorigin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit brain</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentpreparationrequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes. Reconstitution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationProduct Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GJS; CFR 864.7750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test, Time, Prothrombin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectionprinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reporting units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PT: seconds and INR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 5.6.2 Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceQNext</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceACL Top 700</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulatoryClassification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPA, Class II864.5425 Multipurpose System For InVitro Coagulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKP, Class II864.5400 Instrument, coagulation,automated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples on-board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents on-board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wavelength</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405 nm and/or 620 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405 nm and/or 671 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device DG-PT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device PT-Fibrinogen HSPLUS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Package content</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 vials of Thromboplastin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 vials of Thromboplastin5 vials of Buffer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-useStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability after reconstitution, stored at 2-8 °C in the original vial: 10 days.On-board stability: 5 days.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability after reconstitution, stored at 2-8C in the original vial: 5 days.On-board stability: 36 hours.</td></tr></table>

# 5.7 Performance Testing

# 5.7.1 Precision

Precision studies were designed in accordance with CLSI EP05-A3.

Repeatability and Within-laboratory precision study was performed in a single site involving seven patient derived samples with tree lots of reagent during twenty days with two runs per day and two replicates per run.

Reproducibility study was performed in three sites assaying seven patient derived samples on two instruments during five days with two runs per day and three replicates per run.

The following results were demonstrated:

Table 1. Summary of Repeatability and Within-Laboratory Precision Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanValue</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper One-sided95% Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper One-sided95% Limit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Prothrombin time(seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Prothrombin time(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.729</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.343</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.698</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.959</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td></tr></table>

CV=Coefficient of Variation

Table 2. Summary of Reproducibility Study Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanValue</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper One-sided95% Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper One-sided95% Limit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Prothrombin time(seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Prothrombin time(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.318</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.637</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.735</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7</td></tr></table>

CV=Coefficient of Variation

# 5.7.2 Reference Interval Study

The reference interval study was designed in accordance with CLSI C28-A3.

The study was performed at two sites using one lot of reagents. A total of 243 reference samples were tested with each reagent.

The Reference Intervals of DG-PT in seconds and INR are shown in the following tables:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test(units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Interval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin time (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1 to 16.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin time (INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83 to 1.17</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.3. Sensitivity Study

Factor sensitivity study was designed in accordance with CLSI H47-A2. DG-PT Prothrombin Time determination was made for factors II, V, VII and X in a set of samples spanning from $100 \%$ to ${ < } 1 \%$ of a specific coagulation factor, in order to establish the minimum concentration at which the screening test rises above the upper limit of the established reference interval.

The sensitivity results of Prothrombin Time to factor deficiency (II, V, VII and X) plasmas are provided below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Sensitivity (IU/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FVII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.4. Specificity Study

The study was designed in accordance with the recommendations in CLSI EP7-A2 and the statistical analyses were conducted in accordance with the recommendations in CLSI EP7-A3.

Two sample levels were tested (pooled normal samples and pooled abnormal samples). Each potentially interfering substance was added to the sample pool. The interfering screening was conducted by paireddifference.

Maximum concentration of interfering substances for DG-PT Prothrombin Time is summarized in the following tables:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Normal level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Abnormal level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering substance / Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (INR)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin (g/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrate (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UFH (IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMWH (IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr></table>

Interference of argatroban, dabigatran and rivaroxaban was observed at all concentrations tested indicated below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rivaroxaban(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Argatroban(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dabigatran(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313, 625, 938, 1250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375, 750, 1125, 1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150, 300, 450, 600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abnormal sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156, 313, 469, 625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150, 300, 450, 600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75, 150, 225, 300</td></tr></table>

# 5.7.5. Method comparison Study

This study was designed in accordance with CLSI EP09-A3. Method comparison study was conducted at three clinical sites. For each test, a minimum of 100 patient derived samples covering the claimed analytical measurement range (AMR) were tested at each site. Samples were assayed in a parallel, testing on both systems: QNext with DG-PT and the predicate device ACL Top 700 with HemosIL PT Fibrinogen HS Plus. The regression results are summarized in the following tables:

Results from the two US sites:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.913 (0.893-0.938)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.118 (0.706 - 1.477)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.034 (1.010 - 1.060)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.024 (-0.054 - 0.009)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.980</td></tr></table>

CI=Confidence interval

Results from the ex-US site:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (seconds)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985 (0.962-1.003)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.272 (-0.078 - 0.716)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT (INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000 (0.978 - 1.022)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.070 (-0.099 - -0.042)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr></table>

CI=Confidence interval

# 10.9 Conclusions

Diagnostic Grifols S.A based on all the information included and discussed in this submission concludes that QNext and DG-PT are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices. The information submitted to FDA demonstrates that the devices are at least as safe and effective as the legally marketed devices.