March 15, 2019

Abbott Laboratories Madhu Gill Regulatory Affairs Specialist 4551 Great America Pkwy Santa Clara, California 95054

Re: K190294 Trade/Device Name: CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated differential cell counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: February 8, 2019 Received: February 11, 2019

Dear Madhu Gill:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Takeesha Taylor-bell -S

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief, Hematology Branch   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

For

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) K190294

Device Name CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL is indicated for use to identify patients with hematologic parameters within and outside of established reference ranges.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act 1990 and 21CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: K190294

I Submitter Abbott Laboratories 4551 Great America Pkwy Santa Clara, CA 95054 Phone: (408) 567-3701; Fax: (408) 567-3657 Contact Person: Madhu Gill Date Prepared: February 12, 2019   
II Device Trade Name: CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System Common Name: Automated Hematology Analyzer Device Classification: Class II GKZ – Automated Differential Cell Counter (21 CFR 864.5220) Trade Marks: CELL-DYN Emerald is a trademark of Abbott Laboratories   
0BIII 1BPredicate Device The predicate device is CELL-DYN Emerald 22 system, K110381, and 510(k) cleared December 22, 2011. number

# IV. Intended Use/ Indications for Use

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer designed for in-vitro diagnostic use in clinical laboratories for enumeration of the following parameters: WBC, $\mathrm { L Y M \% }$ , LYM #, $M O N \%$ , MON #, $N E U \%$ , NEU #, $\mathrm { E O S \% }$ , EOS #, $B A S \%$ , BAS #, RBC, HCT, MCV, RDW, HGB, MCH, MCHC, PLT, MPV in K2EDTA anticoagulated whole blood. The CELL-DYN Emerald $2 2 \mathrm { \ A L }$ is indicated for use to identify patients with hematologic parameters within and outside of established reference ranges.

# V. Device Description

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL analyzer is a bench top analyzer, consisting of the main analyzer, autoloader module, and touch screen display. Sample analysis may be performed in open or closed mode. The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL is equipped with a sample loader that provides continuous automated closed mode sampling for up to 50 closed tube samples, one at a time. The analyzer is also equipped with a tube holder assembly that allows the use of open tube sampling.

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL is designed to automatically perform the following:

a) Aspirate and dilute whole blood   
b) Count, size and classify cells present in a whole blood specimen   
c) Measure the hemoglobin concentration of a whole blood specimen   
d) Analyze the raw data that is collected   
e) Output results to the display, printer and laboratory information system

Three types of measurements are used to count, size and classify blood cells and to measure hemoglobin. The three types of measurements are:

a) Electrical Impedance Counting b) Absorption Spectrophotometry c) Optical Flow Cytometry

The electrical impedance counting is used for WBC, RBC and PLT measurements. The absorption spectrophotometry is used for HGB measurement. The optical flow cytometry is used for WBC differential. HCT is derived from the volume of the RBCs that are counted during the measurement cycle.

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL provides the following parameters:

White Blood Cell Parameters

• WBC White Blood Cell or leukocyte count   
• LYM $\%$ Lymphocyte percent\*   
• LYM # Lymphocyte absolute number\*   
• MON $\%$ Monocyte percent\*   
• MON # Monocyte absolute number\*   
• NEU $\%$ Neutrophil percent\*   
• NEU # Neutrophil absolute number\*   
• $\mathrm { E O S \% }$ Eosinophil percent\*   
• EOS # Eosinophil absolute number\*   
• BAS $\%$ Basophil percent\*   
• BAS # Basophil absolute number\*   
\* WBC differential parameters are measured and reported in DIF mode only.

Red Blood Cell Parameters • RBC Red Blood Cell or erythrocyte count • HCT Hematocrit • MCV Mean Cell Volume • RDW Red Blood Cell Distribution Width

Hemoglobin Parameters

• HGB Hemoglobin concentration • MCH Mean Cell Hemoglobin • MCHC Mean Cell Hemoglobin Concentration

# Platelet Parameters

• PLT Platelet count • MPV Mean Platelet Volume

# VI. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

Table 4.1 below compares the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL with the predicate device, CELLDYN Emerald 22 (K110381).

Table 4.1: Similarities and differences between CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System and CELLDYN Emerald 22 System (K110381).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 (K110381)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 Systemis a quantitative multi-parameterautomated hematology analyzerdesigned for in-vitro diagnostic use inclinical laboratories for enumerationof the following parameters: WBC,LYM%, LYM #, MON%, MON #,NEU%, NEU #, EOS%, EOS #,BAS%, BAS #, RBC, HCT, MCV,RDW, HGB, MCH, MCHC, PLT,MPV in K2EDTA anti-coagulatedwhole blood.The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 isindicated for use to identify patientswith hematologic parameters withinand outside of established referenceranges.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 ALSystem is a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematologyanalyzer designed for in-vitrodiagnostic use in clinical laboratoriesfor enumeration of the followingparameters: WBC, LYM%, LYM #,MON%, MON #, NEU%, NEU #,EOS%, EOS #, BAS%, BAS #, RBC,HCT, MCV, RDW, HGB, MCH,MCHC, PLT, MPV in K2EDTA anti-coagulated whole blood.The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL isindicated for use to identify patientswith hematologic parameters withinand outside of established referenceranges.</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 (K110381)</td><td>Modified device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td>WBC differential</td><td>5-part differential</td><td>5-part differential</td></tr><tr><td>Parameters</td><td>White Blood Cells:</td><td>White Blood Cells:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>WBC</td><td>WBC</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>LYM%</td><td>LYM%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>LYM #</td><td>LYM #</td></tr><tr><td>MON%</td><td></td><td>MON%</td></tr><tr><td>MON #</td><td></td><td>MON #</td></tr><tr><td>NEU%</td><td></td><td>NEU%</td></tr><tr><td>NEU #</td><td></td><td>NEU #</td></tr><tr><td>EOS%</td><td></td><td>EOS%</td></tr><tr><td>EOS #</td><td></td><td>EOS #</td></tr><tr><td>BAS%</td><td></td><td>BAS%</td></tr><tr><td>BAS #</td><td></td><td>BAS #</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>RBC</td><td>Red Blood Cells:</td><td>Red Blood Cells:</td></tr><tr><td>HCT</td><td></td><td>RBC</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>HCT</td></tr><tr><td>RDW</td><td>MCV</td><td>MCV</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>RDW</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Hemoglobin:</td><td>Hemoglobin:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>HGB</td><td>HGB</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>MCH</td><td>MCH</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>MCHC</td><td>MCHC</td></tr><tr><td>Platelets:</td><td></td><td>Platelets:</td></tr><tr><td>PLT</td><td></td><td>PLT</td></tr><tr><td>MPV</td><td></td><td>MPV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 (K110381)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical differential by LED 455nmElectric impedanceSpectrophotometry by LED 555nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical differential by LED 455nmElectric impedanceSpectrophotometry by LED 555nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2EDTA anticoagulated humanwhole blood for all parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2EDTA anticoagulated humanwhole blood for all parameters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN Emerald 22 DiluentCELL-DYN Emerald 22 LyseCELL-DYN Emerald 22 EasyCleaner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN Emerald 22 DiluentCELL-DYN Emerald 22 LyseCELL-DYN Emerald 22 EasyCleaner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls andCalibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN 22 Plus ControlCELL-DYN 22 Plus Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CELL-DYN 22 Plus ControlCELL-DYN 22 Plus Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Histograms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC, PLT, RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC, PLT, RBC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scatterplot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AlphanumericSpecimen ID</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature Available</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature Available</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleloadingmechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual uncapped tube samples aremanually presented to the sampleprobe for aspiration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Autoloader assembly was added toallow for loading up to 50 closed tubesamples at a time. The autoloaderassembly includes the followingmodules/components:- Sample racks- LoaderTransfer/mixerUnloaderInternal bar code readerFrames and covers</td></tr><tr><td>Item Printed</td><td>Predicate device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 (K110381)</td><td>Modified device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td>Circuit Board Assembly (PCBA) (System Board)</td><td>The PCBA controls three motors. Two motors are used to the drive sampling module and one to drive syringes. The micro-processor is CPU 5272. The CPU compiler is Metrowerks.</td><td>A new PCBA that controls seven motors was implemented. The additional four motors are to drive the following autoloader functions: load, transfer, mix, and eject. The new CPU is Phytec CPU Freescale i.MX27, ARM926EJ, 400MHz+. The CPU complier is Codeblocks + gcc. The source code was adapted for the new CPU and compiler.</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument size Sampling</td><td>Height: 13.8 inches (35 cm) Width: 9.8 inches (25 cm) Depth: 13.8 inches (35 cm) Weight: ~24.2 lbs. (11 kg) The sampling module utilizes a blunt</td><td>Height: 16.1 inches (41 cm) Width: 19.7 inches (50 cm) Depth: 17.0 inches (43 cm) Weight: ~55 lbs. (25 kg) The sampling module contains the</td></tr><tr><td>module Open tube operation</td><td>aspiration sampling probe. Components of the sample module include: - Sampling probe - Probe rinsing head - Probe motor and belt Open tube sampling is performed by manually presenting an opened sample tube to the sampling probe for aspiration.</td><td>following modifications to allow for cap piercing in closed mode and needle cleaning: - Trocar type needle - Needle rinsing head Needle motor and belt Tube Holder assembly was added to hold the opened sample tube for sample aspiration to prevent needle exposure. The addition of the tube holder assembly includes: - Fixed station and sensors Open tube sheath</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 (K110381)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modined device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Source ofvacuum forcleaning</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The sampling probe is cleaned via thevacuum created by the wastesyringes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Needle cleaning is managed by astronger vacuum source created by apump. An in-line filter was added toprevent particles from entering thepump.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dilution andCountingmodule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diluent for RBC/PLT dilution and forcleaning the needle share the sameflow path. The inner diameter for thedrain hole of the chamber is 1.2mm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The RBC/PLT diluent path fordilution was modified using anadditional valve to separate diluentflow to the rinsing head and theRBC/PLT chamber. The innerdiameter for the waste draining holewas increased from 1.2 to 1.6 mm toaccommodate for cap coring.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubationduration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation time for Resistive count is15.5 seconds and for Optic count is20.5 seconds.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation time for Resistive count is18.5 seconds and for Optic count is24 seconds.The longer incubation time is theconsequence of the change in diluentpath.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dead volumefor sampling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">There is no minimum volumerequirement.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The minimum volume of samplerequired is 500 uL for standard tubesand 250 uL for capillary tubes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleaspirationvolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 uL of blood sample is aspiratedduring sampling cycle and used fortesting.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 uL of blood sample is aspiratedduring sampling cycle, and 17 uL isused for testing. The extra volume ofblood is discarded prior to dilution.The dilution ratio is the same as thepredicate device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 (K110381)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified device, CELL-DYNEmerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagentconsumptionvolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Information on reagent consumptionis provided in the CELL-DYNEmerald 22 Operator's Manual(Section 4, Table 4.4).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Information on reagent consumptionis provided in the CELL-DYNEmerald 22 AL Operator's Manual(Section 4, Table 4.5). Additionalvolume of reagent is needed for thecleaning cycle/process, compared toCELL-DYN Emerald 22.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluidic cycles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No cap piercing and needle cleaningwith pump.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The fluidic cycles were adapted toaccommodate the changed fluidicconfiguration required for cappiercing.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput is 45 per hour (opentube). Sample cycle takes 74 secondsto complete in open mode.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput is 40 per hour (opentube). Sample cycle takes 76 secondsto complete in open tube mode due tothe additional cleaning of the needle,as well as the steps needed for the useof the added tube holder.Throughput is 40 per hour (closedtube). Sample cycles takes 90seconds to complete in closed modedue to additional tube piercingprocess.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">USB ports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No USB hub. 2 USB ports in the backof the instrument for USB thumbdrive and printer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The USB hub PCB provides 3 USBports located for convenience in thefront of the instrument for externalthumb drive and keyboardconnections.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One USB port is located in the backof the instrument and used for printerconnection only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface was designed for asmaller screen size.5.4" LCD touch screen with physicalnumeric keypad on the front.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface was designed for abigger screen size that allowsdisplaying of more data and ease ofnavigation.8.4" LCD touch screen with onscreen alpha numeric keypad. Actionbuttons are rearranged. Newautoloader and worklist screens.There is no physical keypad on thefront.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operatingsystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system utilizes operating systemOSE Epsilon.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system utilizes operating systemOSE Delta.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluidicsinterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Commands for open tube fluidicconfiguration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same commands for open tube fluidicconfiguration and new commands tomanage the pump functionality.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient IDanddemographicinformationmanagement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single input of patient samples at atime.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A worklist is provided to process abatch of patient samples manually orvia the Laboratory InformationSystem (LIS).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rackmanagement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No rack management.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Added rack management module</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube holdermanagement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No tube holder management.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Added module to detect the presenceof open tube assembly and adjustsampling depth in tubes.</td></tr><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 (K110381)</td><td>Modified device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL</td></tr><tr><td>Flagging</td><td>Flags are detailed in the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 Operator's Manual, Section 3, Sub-section Instrument Alarms, Operational Alerts, and Parameter Data Flags</td><td>Same flagging rules. HGB flagging bug was fixed. PLT suspicion flag was added to address potential carryover due to the grooves in the new Trocar needle.</td></tr></table>

# VII. Summary of Analytical Performance

To demonstrate that the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System is substantially equivalent to the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System, the following non-clinical design verification analyses were performed and evaluated:

a. Background   
b. Carryover   
c. Linearity   
d. Short-Term Imprecision   
e. Long-Term Imprecision   
f. Method Comparison   
g. Blood Tube Type Study   
h. Mode-to-Mode Equivalency   
i. Data Invalidation Clogging Rate

Results of this testing demonstrated substantial equivalence between the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL System and the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 System with respect to analytical performance and that the addition of the sample loader module does not impact functional performance.

# VIII. Summary of Clinical Testing

Not applicable.

# IX. Conclusion:

The CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL and its predicate device, CELL-DYN Emerald 22 (K110381), have the same Intended Use, Indications for Use, fundamental technology, principles of operation, specimen type, Analytical Measurement Range (AMR), reagents, calibrator, controls, parameters and comparable performance characteristics. The modifications consist of a larger analyzer with a slightly slower throughput, slightly larger sample aspiration volumes, slightly larger incubation duration, different operating system and user interface. Analytical performance and software verification, and human factor validation testing were conducted to characterize the performance of the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL and all predetermined acceptance criteria were met. The results of this testing demonstrated that the device is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as or better than the CELL-DYN Emerald 22 and is suitable for the labeled indication for use. Predicate device clinical validation testing was used for Emerald 22 AL as no variation in performance was found between the predicate and modified device. The difference in technological characteristics between the predicate device and CELL-DYN Emerald 22 AL do not raise different question of safety and effectiveness.