January 2, 2020

Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd.   
Tadashi Yasuda   
Manager   
4-19-9, Taito   
Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8408 Japan

Re: K191147 Trade/Device Name: OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.6550 Regulation Name: Occult Blood Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OOX Dated: April 26, 2019 Received: April 30, 2019

Dear Tadashi Yasuda:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# “510(k) Summary”

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ Submitter Information:

Name:   
Address:   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Contact Name & Info:   
EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD   
4-19-9, Taito, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8408, Japan   
81-3-58463479   
81-3-58463474   
Tadashi Yasuda   
Regulatory Affairs Department   
regulatoryaffairs@eiken.co.jp

Date Prepared: December 19, 2019

Device Information:   
Trade Name:   
Common Name:   
Classification Name:   
Device Class:   
510(k) Number:   
Manufacturer: OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test   
Automated Occult Blood Analyzer   
Occult Blood Test (21 CFR 864.6550, Product Code: OOX) Class II   
K191147   
Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd.

Predicate Device Information:

Trade Name: OC-Sensor DIANA iFOB Test 510(k) Number: K092330 510(k) Applicant: Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd. Manufacturer: Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd. Repackager/Relabeler: Polymedco Inc.

# Intended Use:

"OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test" is designed to be used together as an immunoassay test system. The test system is intended for the qualitatitve detection of fecal occult blood in feces by professional laboratories. The automated test is used for the measurement of fecal occult blood and is useful as an aid to detect blood in stool when lower gastrointestinal bleeding may be suspected.

# Device Description:

OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test is intended for the automated in vitro qualitative detection of fecal occult blood in feces by professional laboratories. The test system is comprised of test reagents (latex, diluent buffer, wash concentrate, calibrator, negative and positive controls), sample collection bottles and analyzer.

The principle of measurement employed for the reagent system is latex agglutination. A latex agglutination reaction is the clumping of antigen- or antibody-sensitized polystyrene latex particles through an antigen-antibody reaction. A light beam is passed through the reaction liquid to measure changes in the intensity of the transmitted light beam (latex turbidimetry), and changes in the intensity of the scattered light beam (latex nephelometry). With OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test analyzer, latex turbidimetry is used to measure the amount of an antigen or an antibody by measuring changes in scattered light rays in latex agglutination.

The throughput of the instrument is 88 samples per hour. The samples are collected in the sample collection bottles that are sent home with the patient. The sample collection bottles are then returned to the laboratory. The inverted sample collection bottles are racked and placed onto the instrument platform. The sample collection bottle is punctured and a sample is pipet into the cuvette followed by the latex reagent and mixed. Measurements are taken between the mixing cycles. After a series of washes the blank is read and the final results calculated and printed.

# Components of OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test System:

# Analyzer

The analyzer can be operated by selecting the icons displayed on the operation panel.   
Operators are encouraged to follow the accompanied instruction manual.

# Latex Reagent

Prepared by sensitizing anti-human HbA0 antibodies to polystyrene latex particles. When the reagent is mixed with sample, the anti-human HbA0 antibodies that were sensitized to latex react with the hemoglobin in the sample, resulting in a latex agglutination reaction. The

reaction is then analyzed by optical density, with the amount of the change increasing in proportion to higher concentration of HbA0 in the sample.

Latex Reagent contains latex sensitized with polyclonal antibodies to human hemoglobin. One vial contains $7 \mathrm { m L }$ of reagent. It shall be stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is stable through its labeled shelf-life.

# Diluent Buffer

One vial contains $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of buffer. One vial contains $2 . 3 8 \ \mathrm { g }$ of HEPES. It shall be stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is stable through its labeled shelf-life.

# Wash Concentrate

Aqueous detergent capable of dissolving protein deposits within the fluid path during the cleaning routine. The wash concentrate contains $1 2 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of a concentrated wash that is diluted to $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ prior to use. The final wash solution concentration contains less than $5 \%$ Sodium Hypochlorite. It shall be stored at room temperature and is stable through its labeled shelf life.

# Calibrator

Contains $3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of $1 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ purified hemoglobin in buffer. The HbA0 is derived from human blood. The blood is tested for HBS antigens, HIV (HIV-1 and HIV-2) antibodies and HCV antibodies, and only blood that tests negative for the presence of these agents is used. The Calibrator is serially diluted prior to analysis with Diluent Buffer to construct a calibration curve. It shall be stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is stable through its labeled shelf-life.

# Positive Control

Contains $5 \mathrm { m L }$ of purified hemoglobin targeted around $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $4 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in buffer.   
It shall be stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is stable through its labeled shelf-life.

# Negative Control

Contains $1 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of buffer. It shall be stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and is stable through its labeled shelflife.

# Sampling Bottle

Plastic bottle for collecting fecal sample. It contains $2 \mathrm { m L }$ of extraction buffer.

# Device Characteristics in Comparison with the Predicate Device:

The table below provides a summary of the device characteristics for OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test and the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test(k191147)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (k092330)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for the qualitativedetection of fecal occult blood infeces by professional laboratories.The automated test is used formeasurement of fecal occultblood and is useful as an aid todetect blood in stool when lowergastrointestinal bleeding may besuspected.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for the qualitativedetection of fecal occult blood infeces by professional laboratories.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The automated test is used for thedetermination of gastrointestinal(GI) bleeding, found in a numberof gastrointestinal disorders (GI),e.g. colitis, polyps, and colorectalcancer. The OC-Sensor DIANAiFOB Test is recommended foruse in 1) routine physicalexaminations, 2) monitoring forbleeding in patients, and 3)screening for colorectal cancer orgastrointestinal bleeding.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feces in an extraction buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feces in an extraction buffer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement of hemoglobinantibody-antigen reaction by latexturbidimetry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement of hemoglobinantibody-antigen reaction by latexturbidimetry.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 μg hHb/g stool(100 ng hHb/mL buffer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL hHb in fecalextraction buffer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-human HbA0 antibodiessensitized to polystyrene latexparticles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-human HbA0 antibodiessensitized to polystyrene latexparticles</td></tr></table>

# EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD.

4-19-9, Taito, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8408, Japan http://www.eiken.co.jp

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate (k092330)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W360 x D560 x H425 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>W630 x D560 x H560 (mm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 kg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 kg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC100-240V, 150 VA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC100-240V, 500VA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NORTi Ver.4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Windows XP Embedded Adv.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Through-put</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 samples / hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280 samples / hour</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Rack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 samples: 5 samples x 4 racks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 samples: 10 samples x 15racks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Cuvette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Disposable acrylic cuvette (10serial cell cuvette)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-disposable acrylic cuvette(11 serial cells x 5 cuvettes)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Cleaning Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not included</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Included</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer Bottle Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Latex Reagent BottleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorConcentration (top)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng Hb/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 ng Hb/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of CalibrationPoints</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 points</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 points</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb Conc. ofCalibration Points</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 50, 200, 500, 1000 ng Hb/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 62.5, 125, 250, 500, 1000 ngHb/mL</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

# Precision/Reproducibility

The tests were performed in-house and in three intended use sites using different lots of reagents, and different analyzers. The samples measured were control stool samples with added hemoglobin concentrations at 0, 50, 80, 100, 120, 450 and $7 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (hereafter, the seven known concentrations). The tests were performed by personnel in each site and to exclude bias, the concentrations of the samples were kept blind from the operators.

Calibrators are prepared by diluting with calibrator diluent, then they are measured in triplicate. This calibration curve is used throughout the procedure of 20 days. The samples are measured in replicates of 21. The same measurement is done in the morning and in the afternoon in one day for total of 20 days. All test results satisfied the acceptance criteria.

# EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD.

4-19-9, Taito, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8408, Japan http://www.eiken.co.jp

Overall Precision:

<table><tr><td></td><td>Sample concentration</td><td>Expected value</td><td>Observed positive number</td><td>Observed negative number</td><td>Total number</td><td></td><td colspan="3">positive percentage agreement</td><td colspan="3">Negative percentage agreement</td><td colspan="3">Overall percentage agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7">inhouse</td><td>Ong/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td>95%CI</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>95%CI ~ 100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td>95%CI</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>50ng/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~ 100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>80ng/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>100ng/mL</td><td>negative/positive</td><td>466</td><td>374</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.9% ~</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>120ng/mL</td><td>positive</td><td>838</td><td>2</td><td>840</td><td>99.8%</td><td>99.1%</td><td>~ 99.9%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>450ng/mL</td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~ 100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>700ng/mL</td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>840 840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~ 100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Study Site 1</td><td>Ong/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5% ~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>50ng/mL 80ng/mL</td><td>negative negative</td><td>0</td><td>840 840</td><td>840 840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~ 100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>negative/positive</td><td>0 395</td><td>445</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~ 100.0%</td><td></td><td>99.9%</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>100ng/mL 120ng/mL</td><td></td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>450ng/mL</td><td></td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td>~ ~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>700ng/mL</td><td></td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5% ~</td><td>100.0% 100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Study Site 2</td><td>Ong/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840 840</td><td></td><td>99.5%</td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>50ng/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>80ng/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>100ng/mL</td><td></td><td>negative/positive</td><td>80</td><td>760</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0% 99.9%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>120ng/mL</td><td></td><td>positive</td><td>839</td><td>1</td><td>840</td><td>99.9%</td><td>99.3% ~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>450ng/mL</td><td></td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5% ~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>700ng/mL</td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5% ~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Study Site 3</td><td>Ong/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>50ng/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>80ng/mL</td><td>negative</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>840</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5%</td><td>~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>100ng/mL</td><td></td><td>negative/positive</td><td>39</td><td>801</td><td>840</td><td>99.8%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.9% ~</td><td>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>120ng/mL</td><td></td><td>positive</td><td>838</td><td>2</td><td>840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.1% ~</td><td>99.9%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>450ng/mL</td><td>positive</td><td>840</td><td>0</td><td>840</td><td>100.0%</td><td>99.5% ~ ~</td><td>100.0%</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>all sites</td><td>700ng/mL Ong/mL</td><td>positive negative</td><td>840 0</td><td>0 2520</td><td>840 2520 2520</td><td></td><td>99.5%</td><td>100.0%</td><td>100.0%</td></table>

# Linearity

Hemoglobin dilution in series, $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ increments of the range $1 0 0 { - } 1 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , was prepared by diluting a calibrator that has concentration of $1 { , } 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ with the diluent. The samples were measured in triplicate. The measured values were treated as regression values and compared against theoretical values (intended hemoglobin concentration from dilution). The test results satisfied the criteria.

# Prozone Effect

Susceptibility to prozone effects was evaluated by testing stool samples with hemoglobin concentration at 975, 1953, 3906, 7813, 15625, 31250, 62500, 125000, 250000, 500000 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Each sample was measured in triplicate. The test results showed that the device is not susceptible to prozone effect up to $1 9 5 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# Limit of Detection

Hemoglobin negative samples and samples with $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ increments up to $6 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of 21 replicates are measured for three days (Day 1, 2, and 3), using three lot sets of reagents. From the study, $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ was determined as the limit of detection.

# Hemoglobin Variants

Negative stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of hemoglobin S, C, and $\mathrm { F }$ were measured in 21 replicates respectively. The test results showed that the device is

equally sensitive to hemoglobin S, C, and F.

# Cross Reactivity – Animal Hemoglobin

$6 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ of animal hemoglobin (bovine, equine, porcine, goat, sheep, rabbit, turkey, and fish) were added to stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin. The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed no cross reactivity with the tested animal hemoglobin.

# Cross Reactivity – Vegetable Extracts

Vegetables known to have peroxidase activities, broccoli, cauliflower, cantaloupe, horseradish, red radish, parsnip, and turnip were tested. Extracts with $2 . 5 \%$ concentration of broccoli, cantaloupe, horseradish, red radish, and parsnip and $3 . 3 \%$ concentration of cauliflower and turnip were added to stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin. The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed no cross reactivity with the tested vegetable extracts.

# Interference – Animal Meat Extracts

Extracts with $2 . 0 \%$ concentration of beef, pork, chicken, lamb, and fish, and $2 . 5 \%$ concentration of rabbit were added to stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin. The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed no interference with the tested meat extracts.

# Interference – Toilet Cleaners

$1 0 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ concentration of Nuriper, and Lysol Bleach, and $1 . 3 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ concentration of Blue Enzyme were added to stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin. The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed no interference with the tested toilet cleaners.

# Interference – Drugs and Dietary Supplements

$3 . 1 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ of Iron, $2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ of Vitamin C, $0 . 2 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ of laxative, $2 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ of glycerol concentration for enema, and $2 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ of peroxidase were added to stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin. The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed no interference with the tested drugs and dietary supplements.

# Stability Studies

Real Time Stability – Reagents (Latex Reagent and Buffer)

Reagents (latex reagent and buffer) were stored at $2 \mathrm { ^ { \circ } C }$ and $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , respectively for 13 months. Measurements were performed initially (at day 0), after 6 months, 12 months, and 13 months of storage, using stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin. The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed that the reagents are stable for 12 months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD.

4-19-9, Taito, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8408, Japan http://www.eiken.co.jp

Real Time Stability – Calibrator

Calibrator was stored at $2 \mathrm { ^ { \circ } C }$ and $8 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ , respectively for 13 months. Measurements were performed initially (at day 0), after 6 months, 12 months, and 13 months of storage. The test results showed that the calibrator is stable for 12 months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Real Time Stability – Controls

Positive and negative controls were stored at $2 \mathrm { ^ { \circ } C }$ and $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , respectively for 13 months. Measurements were performed initially (at day 0), after 6 months, 12 months, and 13 months of storage. The test results showed that the controls are stable for 12 months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Real Time Stability – Sampling Bottle

Sampling bottles were stored at $2 \mathrm { ^ { \circ } C }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ , respectively for 19 months. Measurements were performed initially (at day 0), after 9 months, 18 months, and 19 months of storage. At each time point, stored bottles were taken out of incubator, let to come to room temperature, and stool samples with the seven known hemoglobin concentration were added for 21 replicates. The test results showed that the sampling bottle is stable for 18 months at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Reagent – Open Bottle Stability

Reagents (latex reagent and buffer) were opened and kept at $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for eight days. Stool samples with the seven known hemoglobin concentration were measured in 21 replicates at day 0, 4, 7, and 8 using the reagents. The test results showed that the reagents are stable after opened and kept on-board for 7 days.

# Inoculated Native Sample Stability

Hemoglobin positive stool from two donors was mixed and positive pool sample was prepared. It was mixed with hemoglobin negative stool in sampling buffer to make $0 . 5 ~ \%$ stool sample with 6 hemoglobin concentrations that are close to 50, 80, 100, 120, 450, 700 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ . Hemoglobin negative sample was made by mixing hemoglobin negative stool in sampling buffer with same percentage of stool. One set of samples consists of seven concentration levels and each set is stored at 25, 28, 30 and $3 3 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , respectively to test stability in room temperature at 7, 15, and 16 days for a 15-day claim. Another set was stored at 1, 4, 8, and $1 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ , respectively to test stability in refrigerated temperature at 15, 30 and 31 days for a 30-day claim. The test results showed that samples collected in the sampling bottles are stable for 15 days when stored at room temperature, and 30 days when they are refrigerated.

# Inoculated Sample Shipping Test

Sample shipment under extreme heat condition was simulated based on the temperature log taken in summer from a home mailbox to a medical laboratory where the measurement takes place. The test simulation is made at $1 1 0 \%$ of the actual temperature, and the end point is set at 16 days from the sampling to cover the 15-day sample stability claim at room temperature. The tested samples were prepared in the same ways as described in the sample stability study. The test results showed that the samples collected in the sampling bottles are stable for 15 days during shipment under the simulated extreme heat condition.

Humidity Effect on Stability

The reagents (latex, buffer, calibrator, and controls) were stored under three humidity condition $( 2 5 \% , 5 0 \%$ , and $80 \%$ , all at $2 3 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 15 days which corresponds to 13 months storage at $8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ by Arrhenius equation) to evaluate the effect of humidity to the reagents. The test results showed that there were no effect of humidity to the reagents.

# Method Comparison

Two sampling bottles, one for the device and one for the predicate were used for sampling per a fecal sample and the measurements were performed on their analyzers, respectively. The method comparison study was performed at one professional medical laboratory in the U.S. and two international professional medical laboratories. For total of 425 samples with which included 20 CRC patients samples, between the results obtained with the device and the predicate, the overall percent agreement (OPA) was $100 \%$ $9 5 \% \mathrm { C I } 9 9 . 1 - 1 0 0 \% )$ , with positive percent agreement (PPA) $100 \%$ ( $9 5 \ \%$ CI $9 6 . 9 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 1 0 0 ~ \% )$ , and negative percent agreement (NPA) $100 \%$ $9 5 \ \% \mathrm { C I } 9 8 . 8 - 1 0 0 \% )$ . The study demonstrated that the analytical performance of the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate.

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Test</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ove rall PercentAgreement(95 % Cl)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement(95 % Cl)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement(95 % CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OC-SENSORiO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>OC-SENSOR DIANA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.5 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(92.9 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.3 % - 100 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.0 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(86.7 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.3 % - 100 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.1 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88.6 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.3 % - 100 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Combined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(99.1 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.5 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.7 % - 100 %)</td></tr></table>

# EIKEN CHEMICAL CO., LTD.

4-19-9, Taito, Taito-ku, Tokyo 110-8408, Japan http://www.eiken.co.jp

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Predicate Test</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Ove rall PercentAgreement(95 % Cl)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Positive PercentAgreement(95 % Cl)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement(95 % CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OC-SENSORiO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>OC-SENSOR DIANA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CRC patientssample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83.9 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(79.6 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(56.6 % - 100 %)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All samplescombined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(99.1 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(96.9 % - 100 %)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(98.8 % - 100 %)</td></tr></table>

# Cybersecurity:

OC-Auto Sensor io analyzer has no network connecting function, therefore free from cyberattacks via network. The analyzer is equipped with USB memory terminal and RS232C terminal, however these terminals can only be used for data output and have no read functions.

# Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC):

OC-Auto Sensor io analyzer passed the tests performed at Power Frequency Magnetic Field $3 0 \mathrm { A } / \mathrm { m }$ and Electrostatic Discharge $\pm 2 \mathrm { k V , \pm 4 \mathrm { k V , \pm 8 \mathrm { k V } } }$ contact; $\pm 2 \mathrm { k V , \pm 4 \mathrm { k V , \pm 8 \mathrm { k V , \pm 1 5 } } }$ $\mathrm { k V }$ air.

# Conclusion:

OC-Auto Sensor io iFOB Test does not constitute a new intended use; and any differences in technological characteristics are accompanied by information that demonstrates the device is as safe and effective as the predicate and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than the predicate.