November 15, 2019

Eurotrol B.V.   
Elisanne Biemans   
QA/RA Manager   
Keplerlaan 20   
EDE, Gelderland, 6716BS NL

Re: K192842 Trade/Device Name: HemoTrol Duo Low, HemoTrol Duo Normal, HemoTrol Duo High Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.8625 Regulation Name: Hematology quality control mixture Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGM Dated: September 30, 2019 Received: October 3, 2019

Dear Elisanne Biemans:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">510(k) Number (if known) K192842</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Device Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">HemoTrol® Duo Low,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">HemoTrol® Duo Normal and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">HemoTrol® Duo High</td></tr></table>

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) Summary

# HemoTrol Duo

30 September 2019

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitter

Eurotrol B.V.   
Keplerlaan 20   
6716 BS, Ede, the Netherlands   
T: $+ 3 1$ 318 695777   
Primary Contact: Ms. Elisanne Biemans, ebiemans@eurotrol.com

# Device Information

Device name HemoTrol® Duo Low HemoTrol® Duo Normal HemoTrol® Duo High

REF AN01624A01 AN01624A02 AN01624A03

# Predicate Device

Eurotrol HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ WB 510(k) number: K182744

# Device Description

HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } \textcircled { R } }$ Duo is an assayed hemoglobin quality control material intended for professional use in the verification of the performance characteristics of the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 301 and HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 801 systems. HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } \textcircled { R } }$ Duo contains stroma-free bovine hemolysate with hemoglobin in cyanmethemoglobin (CNMetHb) form and a bioburden-controlling agent. For daily quality control, three physiological relevant levels are available.

HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } \textcircled { R } }$ Duo solutions are filled in reclosable plastic primary containers. Each bottle contains $1 . 0 \ : \mathsf { m l }$ of HemoTro $  \widehat { \sf R } $ Duo solution. The primary containers are equipped with colored polypropylene caps. Cap color depends on the concentration of hemoglobin (Low: red cap; Normal: white cap; High: blue cap). Two (2) bottles of the same level are placed in a plastic blister and packed in a product box together with the combined instructions for use (IFU) and value sheet. Both the primary containers and product box are labeled.

# Intended Use

# New Device

HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } \textcircled { R } }$ Duo is an assayed quality control material for professional use to verify the performance characteristics of the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 801 System and Hemotro $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 301 System. HemoTro $  \widehat { \sf R } $ Duo is intended for the quantitative determination of hemoglobin.

# Predicate Device

HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small { 1 } \textcircled { R } }$ WB is an assayed quality control material for professional use to verify the performance characteristics of the HemoCue $\textcircled{8}$ Hb 301 and the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 801 System. HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ WB is intended for the quantitative determination of hemoglobin.

The indication for use for HemoTro $\textsuperscript { \small | \textregistered }$ Duo is identical to the predicate device.

# Predicate Device Comparison

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte Concentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cover clinical relevant range:Hb301 Analyzer: 70 - 179 g/LHb801 Analyzer: 65 - 156 g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device also includes:Hb301 Analyzer: not definedHb801 Analyzer: 95-160 g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color of liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reddish</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Purified bovine hemolysate andpreservatives.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New device does not containstabilized red blood cells</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Filling volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control material forprofessional use to verify theperformance characteristics of aspecific Hemoglobin analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 levels: Low, Normal, High</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open vail stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 days at 30°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31 days at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reclosable plastic primary containerswith polypropylene caps</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of Operations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The absorbance is measured by usinga dual wavelength spectrophotometrictechnology at 506 and 880 nm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allow the vial to stand for 15 minutes atroom temperatureMix the vial before sampling.Do not fill the cuvette from the vial.Dispense a drop of the control materialonto a hydrophobic surface.Fill the cuvette according to themanufacturer's instructions.Wipe any excess material from the vialand the cap with a clean tissue.Recap the vial tightly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secondary Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two (2) bottles of the same level areplaced in a plastic blister and packed ina product box together with thecombined instructions for use (IFU)and value sheet.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 8 degrees Celsius</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended user</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POC and laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr></table>

# Performance Data

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Three batches of control material of each of the levels was tested on both analyzers - HemoCue Hb 301 System and HemoCue Hb 801 System. The samples were tested with five replicates per analyzer per day over five operating days on 3 sites. Total precision was within the defined acceptance criteria.

HemoCue Hb301 System

HemoCue Hb801 System   

<table><tr><td>Level</td><td>Mean (g/L)</td><td>SD (g/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Low</td><td>70.2</td><td>2.0</td><td>2.9</td></tr><tr><td>Normal</td><td>129.8</td><td>3.2</td><td>2.4</td></tr><tr><td>High</td><td>168.6</td><td>3.8</td><td>2.2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Level</td><td>Mean (g/L)</td><td>SD (g/L)</td><td>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Low</td><td>65.0</td><td>1.1</td><td>1.7</td></tr><tr><td>Normal</td><td>117.0</td><td>1.5</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>High</td><td>154.5</td><td>1.6</td><td>1.0</td></tr></table>

# Open Stability:

Nine (9) batches were monitored to determine the in-use stability. Three (3) batches of each level were monitored at three (3) time points for a total of 34 days at $3 0 \%$ . Based on this study, HemoTrol Duo is stable for 31 days when stored at $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# Closed Stability:

21 batches of a quality control were monitored to determine the shelf life. Three (3) batches of the three HemoTrol Duo levels (9 in total) were monitored up to 337 days at ${ 2 } { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The samples used were produced according the regular production process of HemoTrol Duo. The total hemoglobin levels were measured on the HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 301 and HemoCue $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Hb 801 systems. Based on this study, HemoTrol Duo is stable for 336 days when stored at ${ 2 } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

# Expected values and Value Assignment:

Three levels of control solution are available.

For batch acceptance three samples of control materials are evaluated on three HemoCue Hb301 Systems, with three batches of microcuvettes. Each sample is measured once per microcuvette batch, providing 27 replicates per analyzer. If mean value of the 27 measurements performed on the HemoCue Hb301 System is between the ‘target acceptance range' (see below) the batch can be released for value assignment.

<table><tr><td>HemoTrol Duo Level</td><td>Production acceptance range on Hb301 (g/L)</td></tr><tr><td>Low</td><td>70.0 ± 2.5</td></tr><tr><td>Normal</td><td>130.0 ± 2.5</td></tr><tr><td>High</td><td>170.0 ± 2.5</td></tr></table>

When the batch is released for value assignment the three samples of control materials are also evaluated on three HemoCue Hb801 Systems, with three batches of microcuvettes. An assigned value is subsequently determined based on each set of 27 measurements and is thus batch and analyzer specific. To determine the assigned value and range the mean value of the 27 measurements is combined with a fixed range:

<table><tr><td>HemoTrol Duo Level</td><td>Label range (g/L)</td></tr><tr><td>Low</td><td>Measured mean ± 12</td></tr><tr><td>Normal</td><td>Measured mean ± 21</td></tr><tr><td>High</td><td>Measured mean ± 27</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

Based on the demonstrated intended use, performance characteristics and comparison of technical characteristics HemoTrol® Duo is deemed substantially equivalent to the predicate device: Eurotrol HemoTrol WB (K182744).