March 26, 2020

Jana Care, Inc.   
$\%$ Fran White   
President   
MDC Associates, Inc. 180 Cabot St   
Beverly, MA 01915

Re: K192987 Trade/Device Name: Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7470 Regulation Name: Glycosylated Hemoglobin Assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCP Dated: February 20, 2020 Received: February 21, 2020

Dear Fran White:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D. Acting Deputy Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k192987

Device Name Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 consists of the Aina 2 Automated HbA1c Device, the Aina Device, Aina HbA1c Test Kits, mobile device, and the Aina Mobile Application. It is intended to be used for quantitative measurement of $\%$ HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP) and mmol/mol HbA1c (IFCC) in human anticoagulated venous whole blood. It is intended for in-vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals in a laboratory environment to monitor long term glycemic control of persons previously diagnosed with diabetes. This test is not intended for use in the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for use on neonates.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# 510(k) Number:

k192987

# Date of Summary:

March 26, 2020

# Product Name:

Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2

Sponsor:

Jana Care, Inc. 8 Saint Mary’s St., Suite 936 Boston, MA 02215

# Correspondent:

MDC Associates, Inc.   
Fran White, President   
180 Cabot Street   
Beverly, MA 01915   
Phone: (978) 705 5011   
Fax: (866) 540 3448   
Email: regulatory@mdcassoc.com

# Common Name:

Assay, glycosylated hemoglobin

# Regulation Number:

864.7470

LCP, Class II

# Substantial Equivalency

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Jana Care, Inc.Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2(New Device)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere Technologies ASAfinion HbA1c, Afinion AS100 AnalyzerK151809(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2consists of the Aina 2 Automated HbA1cDevice, the Aina Device, Aina HbA1cTest Kits, mobile device, and the AinaMobile Application. It is intended to beused for quantitative measurement of%HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP) and mmol/molHbA1c (IFCC) in human anticoagulatedvenous whole blood. It is intended forin-vitro diagnostic use by healthcareprofessionals in a laboratoryenvironment to monitor long term</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alere Afinion™ HbA1c is an in vitrodiagnostic test for quantitativedetermination of glycated hemoglobin (%hemoglobin A1c, % HbA1c) in humanwhole blood. The measurement of %HbA1c is recommended as a marker oflong-term metabolic control in personswith diabetes mellitus.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">glycemic control of persons previouslydiagnosed with diabetes. This test is notintended for use in the diagnosis of orscreening for diabetes or for use onneonates.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as Intended Use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement of %HbA1c inhuman whole blood as amarker of long termmetabolic control in personswith diabetes mellitus.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boronate affinity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay target</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.4-13.4% HbA1c</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-15% HbA1c</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anticoagulated venous whole blood inK2-EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary blood (from finger prick),Anticoagulated venous whole blood inEDTA, heparin, or citrate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total HemoglobinRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.2-20 g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-20 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 to 40°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 to 30°</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use/Indications for Use

The Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 consists of the Aina 2 Automated HbA1c Device, the Aina Device, Aina HbA1c Test Kits, mobile device, and the Aina Mobile Application. It is intended to be used for quantitative measurement of %HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP) and mmol/mol HbA1c (IFCC) in human anticoagulated venous whole blood. It is intended for in-vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals in a laboratory environment to monitor long term glycemic control of persons previously diagnosed with diabetes. This test is not intended for use in the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for use on neonates.

# Device Description

The system consists of the Aina 2 Automated HbA1c Device for sample processing that connects to a smartphone via Bluetooth, the Aina Device for optical test strip readout, Aina HbA1c Test Kits which contain all the reagents necessary for running each HbA1c test, and the Aina Mobile Application. The Aina Device is a reflectance-based colorimetric sensor device that connects to the mobile device through the audio jack. The smartphone runs the Aina Mobile Application, which is software that allows for user interaction and illustrates the step-by-step testing process on its touchscreen. The Aina Mobile Application software is responsible for analyzing the optical signals measured by and transferred to it by the Aina Device, including applying analysis algorithms to compute the HbA1c reading. In addition, the Aina Mobile Application controls the functioning of the Aina 2 Automated HbA1c Device by sending it commands via Bluetooth. Streck A1c-Cellular control solutions can be used for regular quality control checking of the system.

# Methodology

The Aina HbA1c Test utilizes the boronate affinity method. The Aina HbA1c Test Kit consists of test strips, reagents, wash buffers, capillary tubes for sample collection, and pipette tips. The reagent contains a lysing agent and a blue boronic acid conjugate. When blood is added to the reagent, the erythrocytes are lysed and all hemoglobin precipitates. The boronic acid conjugates binds to the glycosylated hemoglobin. An aliquot of the reaction mixture is applied to the test strip and all the precipitated hemoglobin, conjugate-bound and unbound, remains on top of the filter. Any unbound boronate is removed with the wash buffer. The precipitate is evaluated by measuring the blue (glycosylated hemoglobin) and the red (total hemoglobin) color intensity respectively with the Aina Device, the ratio between them being proportional to the percentage of the glycosylated hemoglobin in the sample.

# Limitations of the Test

• The allowed operating temperature range is 18 to $4 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ (64 to $1 0 4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { F }$ ). The recommended range is 20 to $2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ (68 to $7 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { F }$ )   
The Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 is intended to be used at altitudes of up to 2000 meters (6562 feet). The HbA1c readings may be affected at an altitude above 2000 meters (6562 feet). The reagent and wash buffer must be stored in the designated temperature range (2 to $8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ . Test results may be inaccurate if they are stored outside of this temperature range for more than 2 hours.   
• Do not use the reagent and wash buffer if kept at room temperature for more than 2 hours. Use only fresh venous whole blood. Do not use serum or plasma. The Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 is not intended for point-of-care use. This test should not be used in monitoring daily glucose control and should not be used to replace daily home testing of urine and blood glucose levels. This test is not intended for use in the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes. This test is not intended for use on neonates. This test should not be used for analyzing samples from patients with conditions causing shortened red blood cell survival, such as hemolytic diseases, pregnancy and significant acute or chronic blood loss. Hemoglobinopathies may interfere with glycated hemoglobin analysis. The results from the Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 show that there is no significant interference for samples containing Hemoglobin C $( \leq 5 0 \% )$ ), Hemoglobin D $( \leq 4 3 \% )$ , Hemoglobin E $( \leq 3 1 \% )$ , Hemoglobin $S \left( \leq 4 2 \% \right)$ , and Hemoglobin A2 $( \leq 6 . 5 \% )$ .

• Acetylated, carbamylated, and labile-glycated hemoglobin derivatives generated with normal and diabetic specimens by incubation with acetylsalicylic acid, sodium cyanate, and glucose at concentrations up to 126.1, 32.5, and $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ respectively do not interfere with the assay. Samples with a hemoglobin concentration lower than $7 . 2 ~ \mathrm { g } / \mathrm { d } \mathrm { L }$ or higher than $2 0 ~ \mathrm { g / d L }$ can cause inaccurate test results.

WARNING: The Aina HbA1c assay has significant negative interference from Hemoglobin F (HbF). HbA1c results are invalid for patients with abnormal amounts of HbF, including those with known Hereditary Persistence of Fetal Hemoglobin.

# Reference Range

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NGSP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IFCC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target in Diabetes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 53 mmol/mol</td></tr></table>

Reference: American Diabetes Association Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes 2018

# Performance Data: Bench Studies

# Blood Sample Repeatability

A 20-day repeatability study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the Aina system as per CLSI EP05-A3.

Table 1: Repeatability of the Aina system with blood samples across 3 lots of Aina HbA1c Test Kits   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanHbA1c %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr></table>

# Control Repeatability

A 20-day repeatability study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the Aina system as per CLSI EP05-A3. The study was performed using two commercial quality controls with target values of $1 6 \%$ and ${ > } 1 0 \%$ HbA1c.

Table 2: Repeatability of the Aina system with control solutions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanHbA1c %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr></table>

# Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

A linearity study was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP06-A. Testing was conducted using venous whole blood specimens collected in $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA.

A linear regression was calculated based on the theoretical vs measured $\%$ HbA1c values: $y ( \% H b A I c ) = 1 . 0 1 x - 0 . 0 8 ; R = 0 . 9 9 8$

Based on the results of this study, the Aina system has a linear range from $4 . 4 \%$ to $1 3 . 4 \%$ .

# Interfering Substances

The objective of this study was to assess the known endogenous and exogenous substances that could interfere with the assay. This study was performed as per CLSI EP07-A3. Results demonstrated that no significant interference was observed for the following substances up to the listed concentrations.

Table 3: Potential endogenous interfering substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.3 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fructosamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Potential exogenous interfering substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glyburide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity with Hemoglobin Derivatives

Results demonstrated that Acetylated Hb up to $1 2 6 . 1 ~ \mathrm { \ m g / d L }$ acetylsalicylic acid, Carbamylated Hb up to $3 2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ sodium cyanate, and Labile A1c up to $1 0 0 0 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ glucose do not interfere with this assay.

# Hemoglobin Variants

The objective of this study was to evaluate the interference effect of hemoglobin variants, as found in patients with natural hemoglobinopathies, in the quantitative measurement of HbA1c using the Aina system on venous whole blood samples.

The results from the Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 show that there is no significant interference for samples containing Hemoglobin C $( \leq 5 0 \% )$ , Hemoglobin D $( \leq 4 3 \% )$ , Hemoglobin E $( \leq 3 1 \% )$ , Hemoglobin $5 ( \leq 4 2 \% )$ , and Hemoglobin A2 $( \leq 6 . 5 \% )$ .

WARNING: The Aina HbA1c assay has significant negative interference from Hemoglobin F (HbF). HbA1c results are invalid for patients with abnormal amounts of HbF, including those with known Hereditary Persistence of Fetal Hemoglobin.

# Specimen Stability

A study was conducted to evaluate the stability of venous whole blood samples when stored at 2 to ${ 8 ^ { \circ } C }$ . The results show that whole blood samples are stable for use on the system when stored for up to 10 days within 2 to ${ } ^ { 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ .

# Performance Data: Clinical Studies

To demonstrate accuracy of the system, fresh prospective venous whole blood was collected with $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA as an anticoagulant from study participants at three (3) clinical sites and then tested on the Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 by trained healthcare professionals in a laboratory environment. Clinical performance of the Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 was compared to the Tosoh G8 reference method. Regression analysis $\scriptstyle ( \ n = 1 3 2 )$ was performed to compare the results from the Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 to the Tosoh G8 using both Passing-Bablok and Weighted Deming analysis.

Table 5: Summary of regression results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y-Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Passing-Bablok</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9792 - 1.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4929 - 0.0377</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weighted Deming</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9679 - 1.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.1924</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4465 - 0.0618</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The clinical and analytical tests performed for the Jana Care Aina HbA1c Monitoring System 2 demonstrate that the system is safe, effective, and substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device based on intended use, principle and the performance characteristics presented above.