July 17, 2020

Precision BioLogic   
Karen Black   
VP of Compliance & Product Development   
140 Eileen Stubbs Avenue   
Dartmouth, Nova Scotia B3B 0A9 Canada

Re: K193204 Trade/Device Name: CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor Ⅷ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7290 Regulation Name: Factor deficiency test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGP Dated: November 19, 2019 Received: November 20, 2019

Dear Karen Black:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K193204

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter'sInformation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Precision BioLogic Inc.140 Eileen Stubbs Ave.Dartmouth, Nova Scotia B3B 0A9Canada</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Karen M. Black, VP of Compliance &amp; Product DevelopmentPhone: 902-468-6422, ext. 226, or 902-706-3125E-mail: kblack@precisionbiologic.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation Date</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">9 July 2020</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device TradeName</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CRYocheck™ Chromogenic Factor VIII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RegulatoryInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Number andDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7290Factor Deficiency Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GGP; Test, Qualitative and QuantitativeFactor Deficiency; 21 CFR 864.7290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Coatest SP FVIII (K042576)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use/Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CRYocheck Chromogenic Factor Vil is for clinical laboratory use in thequantitative determination of factor VIll activity in 3.2% citrated humanplasma. It is intended to be used in identifying factor Vill deficiency andas an aid in the management of hemophilia A in individuals aged 2 yearsand older. For in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CRYocheck Chromogenic Factor VIll is used for determination of FVIIIactivity and contains the following four components, packaged in glassvials and provided frozen to preserve the integrity of the components:Reagent 1: Bovine FX and a fibrin polymerization inhibitor, withactivators and stabilizers.Reagent 2: Human Flla, human FIXa, calcium chloride andphospholipids.Reagent 3: FXa substrate containing EDTA and a thrombin inhibitor.Diluent Buffer: Tris buffer solution containing 1% BSA and a heparinantagonist.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary andEstablished Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coatest SP FVIII</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision BioLogic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Factor VIII</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Factor VIII</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GGPTest, Qualitative andQuantitative Factor Deficiency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GGPTest, Qualitative and QuantitativeFactor Deficiency</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor Deficiency Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor Deficiency Test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 (Haematology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81 (Haematology)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coatest SP FVIII is intended forthe photometric determination offactor VIII activity in citratedplasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRYocheck Chromogenic Factor VIIIis for clinical laboratory use in thequantitative determination of factorVIII activity in 3.2% citrated humanplasma. It is intended to be used inidentifying factor VIII deficiency andas an aid in the management ofhemophilia A in individuals aged 2years and older. For in vitrodiagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative (chromogenicmeasurement of FVIII)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative (chromogenicmeasurement of FVIII)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coatest SP FVII is a modifiedversion of Coatest Factor VIII(K833892) reformulated toEuropean PharmacopoeiaStandards. Coatest SP FVII is aphotometric assay containing achromogenic substrate, S-2765,with EDTA added as apreservative, lyophilized bovinefactors IXa and X with bovinealbumin added as a stabilizingagent. The device also containscalcium chloride, Tris bufferstock solution containing sodiumchloride, bovine serum albuminwith added antimicrobial inaddition to a mixture of highlypurified synthetic phospholipids.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRYocheck Chromogenic Factor VIIIis used for determination of FVIIIactivity and contains the followingfour components, packaged in glassvials and provided frozen to preservethe integrity of the components:Reagent 1: Bovine FX and a fibrinpolymerization inhibitor, withactivators and stabilizers.Reagent 2: Human Flla, humanFIXa, calcium chloride andphospholipids.Reagent 3: FXa substrate containingEDTA and a thrombin inhibitor.Diluent Buffer: Tris buffer solutioncontaining 1% BSA and a heparinantagonist.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In the presence of calcium andphospholipids, factor X isactivated to factor Xa by factorIXa. This generation is greatlystimulated by factor VIII, whichmay be considered as a cofactorin this reaction. By using optimalamounts of Ca2+ andphospholipids and an excess offactors IXa and X, the rate ofactivation of factor X is solelydependent on the amount offactor VIII. Factor Xa hydrolysesthe chromogenic substrate S-2765 thus liberating thechromophoric group, pNA. Thecolor is then readphotometrically at 405 nm. Thegenerated factor Xa and thusthe intensity of color are</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In the first stage of the chromogenicassay, test plasma (containing anunknown amount of functional FVIII)is added to a reaction mixturecomprised of calcium, phospholipids,purified human thrombin and FIXa,and purified bovine FX (Reagent 1and Reagent 2). This mixture swiftlyactivates FVIII to FVIIla, which worksin concert with FIXa to activate FX.When the reaction is stopped, FXaproduction is assumed to beproportional to the amount offunctional FVIII present in thesample. The second stage of theassay is to measure FXa throughcleavage of an FXa-specific peptidenitroanilide substrate (FXaSubstrate). P-nitroaniline isproduced, giving a color that can be</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">proportional to the factor VIIIactivity in the sample. Hydrolysisof S-2765 by thrombin formed isprevented by the addition of thesynthetic thrombin inhibitor, I-2581, together with thesubstrate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">measured spectrophotometrically byabsorbance at 405 nm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expression ofresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative; results areexpressed as percent activityinterpreted relative to acalibration curve.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative; results are expressedas percent activity interpreted relativeto a calibration curve.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual method, IL ACL 9000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IL ACL TOP CTS Series and IL ACLTOP 50 CTS Series</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤-70°C until expiration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-150% FVIII activity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-200% FVIII activity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.6- 126% (manual method)55.4-148.9% (instrumentapplication)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.2-159.3% FVIII activity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1% FVIII activity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5% FVIII activity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In Use Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Working Factor ReagentStability (phospholipids + factorIXa + factor X reagent): 12hours on ice.S-2765 + I-2581: Reconstitutedsubstrate is stable 3 months at2-8°CCaCl: Opened vial is stable 3months at 2-8°CBuffer, stock solution: Openedvial is stable 3 months at 2-8°CPhospholipid: Opened vial isstable for 3 months at 2-8°CFactor Reagent (IXa + X):Aliquoted for -20°C for 3months.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 hours on-board instrument5 days at 2-8°C1 month refrozen storage at ≤-70 °Cif refrozen within 4 hours of the initialthaw. Previously refrozen reagentscan be thawed and used once for upto four hours on board theinstrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual method:Triglycerides up to 700 mg/dLBilirubin up to 20 mg/dLHemoglobin up to 100 mg/dLUnfractionated Heparin up to 1.0IU/mLAutomated Method:Triglycerides up to 900 mg/dLBilirubin up to 20 mg/dLHemoglobin up to 50 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin: ≤ 500 mg/dLIntralipid: ≤ 500 mg/dLBilirubin (unconjugated): ≤ 29 mg/dLvWF: ≤ 20 μg/mLUnfractionated heparin: ≤ 2 IU/mLLow molecular weight heparin: ≤2 IU/mLFondaparinux: ≤ 1.25 mg/LLupus Anticoagulant: ≤ 1.8 dRVVTratioRivaroxaban and dabigatraninterfered with the quantification ofFVIII activity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unfractionated Heparin up to 1.0IU/mLDue to the high dilutions usedthere is no underestimation ofFVIII activity in samplescontaining lupus anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The potential interference effects ofconjugated bilirubin on this devicehave not been evaluated.The performance of this device hasnot been established in individualswith von Willebrand disease Type2M.The performance of this device hasnot been established in evaluatingthe potency of FVIll concentrates.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None specified.Package insert indicates "Referto NCCLS document H21-A4 forfurther instructions on specimencollection, handling andstorage."</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 hours at room temperature and 3months at ≤-70 °C, including up totwo freeze thaw cycles</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary:

All studies were performed using CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII on Instrumentation Laboratories’ ACL TOP Series or TOP 50 Series Instruments; the specific instrument(s) used for each study are indicated in the summary reports below.

# Multi-Reagent Lot Precision

An internal precision study was performed using three (3) lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII by one operator on an IL ACL TOP CTS analyzer (K160276) in accordance with CLSI EP05- A3. The study quantified one normal and two abnormal reference controls and five patient plasma samples representing very low, low, mid, normal and high levels of FVIII activity. Each sample was measured with each product lot in duplicate, twice a day for 20 days for a total of 80 replicates per sample per lot. The results demonstrated a pooled precision of $< 1 0 \%$ CV and ${ \leq } 0 . 1 \%$ SD for the Very Low FVIII plasma sample.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Aggregated Data (Lots 1, 2 and 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>cYanmaGellowb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean FVIII (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYOcheck Reference Control Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYOcheck Abnormal 1 Reference Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYOcheck Abnormal 2 Reference Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very Low FVII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low FVIII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid FVIII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal FVIII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High FVIII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr></table>

# Multi-Reagent Lot Site to Site Reproducibility

Reproducibility studies were conducted at three sites (one internal and two external) by different operators on an IL ACL TOP CTS (K160276) and two different IL ACL TOP 750 (K150877) analyzers using three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII in accordance with CLSI EP05- A3. The study quantified one normal and two abnormal reference controls and three patient plasma samples representing very low, normal and high levels of FVIII activity. Each sample was measured in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days at each site. The data across three sites demonstrated a pooled reproducibility of $< 1 0 \%$ CV for the controls and plasma samples ${ > } 1 \%$ FVIII; and ${ \leq } 0 . 1 \%$ SD for the Very Low FVIII plasma sample.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Pooled 3-Site Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between- Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Across-Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYOcheck ReferenceControl Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYOcheck Abnormal 1Reference Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRYOcheck Abnormal 2Reference Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very Low FVII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal FVIII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High FVIII Plasma Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td></tr></table>

# Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

A linearity study was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP6-A using three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII on an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276). A high FVIII $( 2 6 0 \% )$ plasma was combined with congenital FVIII deficient plasma $( 0 \% )$ to create fifteen sample dilutions with estimated FVIII activities in the range of 0 to $260 \%$ FVIII. Each level was tested in quadruplicate. The results support the linearity claim described below.

Linearity Range: 0 to $200 \%$ FVIII activity

# Reference Interval

A reference interval study was conducted by multiple operators in accordance with CLSI EP28- A3c using three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII on an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276). Citrated plasma samples were collected from one hundred and twenty ostensibly healthy individuals $\geq 1 8$ years. The reference interval was established by calculating the nonparametric $9 5 \%$ confidence interval $( 2 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ to $9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentiles).

Reference Interval: $4 3 . 2 \substack { - 1 5 9 . 3 \% }$ FVIII activity

# Stability

# Shelf Life Stability

A shelf life stability study was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP25-A using an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276). Three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII were stored at and at ${ \sf s } { \sf z } 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ (monitored condition -76 to $\boldsymbol { - } 8 2 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ ) and tested at $\scriptstyle { \mathfrak { t } } = 0$ and regular intervals defined by the lot-specific pull schedule up to 37 months. At each timepoint, five replicates of six plasma samples representing low to normal FVIII activity levels were quantified. The study has been

completed up to 13 months and supports a shelf-life stability claim of at least 12 months when the product is stored at ${ \sf s } { \sf z } 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# In-Use Stability

An in-use stability study was conducted in accordance with CLSI EP25-A using an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276). Three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII were maintained on board the analyzer $( 1 2 - 1 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ for up to 9 hours and in a refrigerator $( 2 { - } 8 \ ^ { \circ } \mathsf C )$ for up to 121 hours. Each lot was used to quantify five replicates of six plasma samples representing low to normal FVIII activity levels at each storage condition at defined timepoints. The data support a stability claim of 8 hours on board the instrument and 120 hours (5 days) at $2 . 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

Three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII were maintained on board an analyzer for 4 hours, then subsequently refrozen at $\le - 7 0 ~ ^ { \circ } C$ for up to 2 months. Each lot was used to quantify five replicates of six plasma samples representing low to normal FVIII activity levels at defined timepoints. The data support a stability claim of 1 month refrozen storage at $\le - 7 0 ~ ^ { \circ } C$ if refrozen within 4 hours of the initial thaw. Previously refrozen reagents can be thawed and used once for up to four hours on board the instrument.

# Detection Limit

The limit of blank (LoB) was determined following the CLSI EP17-A2 guideline by measuring four blank plasma samples obtained from individuals with severe congenital hemophilia A. Samples were measured in triplicate on an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276) using three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII over five days. The LoB was determined to be $0 . 4 \%$ FVIII activity.

The limit of detection (LoD) was determined following the CLSI EP17-A2 guideline by measuring four plasma samples with low FVIII activity obtained from congenital hemophilia A donors. Samples were measured in triplicate on an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276) using three lots of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII over five days. The LoD was determined to be $0 . 5 \%$ FVIII activity.

The limit of quantitation (LoQ) was determined according to the CLSI EP17-A2 guideline. Aliquots of four plasma samples with low FVIII activity obtained from congenital hemophilia A donors were sent to an external laboratory for testing in three replicates on five different days on an IL ACL TOP 700 instrument (K160276) to determine assigned values using Coatest SP FVIII. The LoQ was determined to be $0 . 5 \%$ FVIII activity.

# Interferences

Interference studies were conducted according to CLSI EP7-A3 using a single lot of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII on an IL ACL TOP CTS instrument (K160276). Plasma samples were spiked with possible interferents and 10 replicates were tested alongside 10 replicates of the corresponding blank matrix control. The following substances showed no interference up to the concentrations indicated:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Possible Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 29 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>vWF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 20 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unfractionated heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low molecular weight heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fondaparinux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1.25 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lupus Anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1.8 dRVVT ratio</td></tr></table>

Rivaroxaban and dabigatran interfered with the quantification of FVIII activity.

The potential interference effects of conjugated bilirubin on this device have not been evaluated.

The performance of this device has not been established in individuals with von Willebrand disease Type 2M.

The performance of this device has not been established in evaluating the potency of FVIII concentrates.

# Method Comparison Studies

A method comparison study was conducted at three sites (one internal and two external) according to CLSI EP09c to compare the accuracy of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII relative to a comparator device. Three hundred and eighteen human plasma samples from normal ostensibly healthy individuals and from patients with congenital or acquired hemophilia A and Type 1, Type 2A, Type 2B and Type 2N von Willebrand disease were distributed across three sites and tested for FVIII activity using a single lot of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII on an IL ACL TOP CTS (K160276) and two different IL ACL TOP 750 (K150877) analyzers. A second aliquot of each sample was tested at a central reference laboratory using Coatest SP FVIII on an IL ACL TOP 700 instrument (K160276).

Results were compared by Passing-Bablok regression analysis. Regression statistics show that CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII performed equivalently to the comparator method.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intercept</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pearson CorrelationCoefficient</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.027, 1.058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.252, 1.205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997 (r²2=0.993)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.109, 1.168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001, 0.409</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998 (r²=0.996)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989, 1.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.768, 0.404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991 (r²2=0.982)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.022, 1.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.473</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.265, 0.594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994 (r2=0.987)</td></tr></table>

Absolute predicted biases are reported below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FVIl activity (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicted Bias (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower CI (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper CI (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.47</td></tr></table>

# Sample Integrity

A sample integrity study was conducted at two external sites to assess sample stability of fresh samples at room temperature, when stored frozen at $\leq - 7 0 ~ ^ { \circ } C$ and after up to two freeze thaw cycles. The FVIII activity of forty-six plasma samples was measured using a single lot of CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII on an IL ACL TOP 300 and IL ACL TOP 700 (K160276) analyzer. Results were compared using Passing Bablok regression analysis and support a fresh sample stability claim of 2 hours at room temperature and a frozen storage claim of 3 months at $\leq - 7 0 ~ ^ { \circ } C$ , including up to two freeze thaw cycles.

# Conclusion

The performance testing results demonstrate that CRYOcheck Chromogenic Factor VIII is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Coatest SP FVIII (K042576), and that the assay is effective for its labeled intended use.