Accriva Diagnostics, Inc. Brian James Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs 6260 Sequence Drive San Diego, California 92121

Re: K193041 Trade/Device Name: Hemochron Signature Elite Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose System For In Vitro Coagulation Studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA Dated: October 30, 2019 Received: October 31, 2019

Dear Brian James:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known)

Device Name HemochronTM Signature Elite

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburnohis colletionnoation iate veraghours p eonse,incde tme to reviewinstructions, search existing dat sources, gather andmaintain he data needed and coplete and review the collectionf information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Accriva Diagnostics, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>6260 Sequence Drive</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>San Diego, CA 92121, USA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Contact Person</td><td>Brian James, Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Phone: 858-263-2350</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Email: bjames@ilww.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>October 30, 2019</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>Hemochron™M Signature Elite</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Regulatory Information</td><td>Classification: Class II Regulation No.: 21 CFR 864.5425</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Common Name: System, Multipurpose For In Vitro</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Coagulation Studies</td></tr><tr><td>Panel:</td><td>Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td>Product Code: JPA</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>HemochronTM Signature Elite: K050016</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td><td>The Hemochron™ Signature Elite Whole Blood Microcoagulation System is a battery operated, hand-held instrument that performs individual point-of-care coagulation tests on fresh or citrated whole blood. These</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>LR), Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (APTT and APTT Citrate), and Prothrombin Time (PT and PT Citrate). The system is intended to be used with test cuvettes that are available from the manufacturer. For in vitro Diagnostic Use. For professional use. Rx only.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td><td>The HemochronTM Signature Elite Whole Blood Microcoagulation System is a battery operated hand-held instrument. The system is intended for use in clinical settings requiring point of care testing. Whole blood test results are displayed as clotting times (in seconds). The instrument also displays correlated Celite® equivalent ACT values, APTT and PT plasma equivalent values, and the PT INR value. The HemochronTM Signature Elite Whole Blood Microcoagulation System contains a test chamber which warms a test cuvette to the required temperature, and it performs all operations to measure the clotting time of a whole blood sample after it is placed in the test cuvette and the test is started by the operator. The front panel contains a keypad with various action keys as well as a number pad. The operator uses the keypad to select a command or enter information. The instrument also includes a barcode scanner for reading of barcode identifications (IDs). Data management capabilities are included with the instrument. These capabilities include storage of up to 600 patient results and 600 quality control results, designation of quality control levels, tagging of test results with date and time, entry of Patient ID and/or Operator ID or Operator PIN, and printing of results.</td></tr><tr><td>Description of Modification</td><td>This Special 510(k) is being submitted to update the Hemochron™M Signature Elite software from Version 2.3 to Version 2.4.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Reason Submission Qualifies as Special 510(k)</td><td>The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following: The proposed change is submitted by the manufacturer legally authorized to market the existing device Performance data are unnecessary, or if performance data are necessary, well-established methods are available to evaluate the change; and All performance data necessary to support Substantial Equivalence (SE) can be reviewed in a summary or risk analysis format. In addition, the changes described in this submission do not introduce: Changes to indications for use or intended use Changes to operating principle Changes to analytical performance claims Changes to assay algorithms</td></tr></table>

Comparison to Predicate Device (K050016):

The following is a description of the similarities and differences between the predicate device; the currently marketed HemochronTM Signature Elite (K050016), compared to the subject device, HemochronTM Signature Elite with updated software Version 2.4, to demonstrate substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">InstrumentCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemochronTM Signature Elite(Predicate Device - K050016)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemochronT Signature Elite(Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The HemochronTM Signature Elite WholeBlood Microcoagulation System is abattery-operated, hand-held instrumentthat performs individual point-of-carecoagulation tests on fresh or citrated wholeblood. These tests include: ActivatedClotting Time (ACT+ and ACT-LR),Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time(APTT and APTT Citrate), andProthrombin Time (PT and PT Citrate).The system is intended to be used with testcuvettes that are available from themanufacturer.For in vitro Diagnostic Use. Forprofessional use. Rx only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially EquivalentThe HemochronTM Signature EliteWhole Blood MicrocoagulationSystem is a battery-operated, hand-held instrument that performsindividual point-of-carecoagulation tests on fresh orcitrated whole blood. These testsinclude: Activated Clotting Time(ACT+ and ACT-LR), ActivatedPartial Thromboplastin Time(APTT and APTT Citrate), andProthrombin Time (PT and PTCitrate). The system is intended tobe used with test cuvettes that areavailable from the manufacturer.For in vitro Diagnostic Use. Forprofessional use. Rx only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assays used</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Activated Clotting Time(ACT+ and ACT-LR)Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time(APTT and APTT Citrate)Prothrombin Time(PT and PT Citrate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially EquivalentActivated Clotting Time(ACT+ and ACT-LR)Activated PartialThromboplastin Time(APTT and APTT Citrate)Prothrombin Time(PT and PT Citrate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh Whole BloodCitrated Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supplied in self-contained disposablecuvette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially EquivalentSupplied in self-containeddisposable cuvette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reported Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celite ACT Equivalent Time  ACT+,ACT-LRInternational Normalized Ratios (INR) -PT, citrate-PTWhole Blood values - APTT, citrate-APTT, PT, citrate-PTPlasma Equivalent (PE) Values - APTT,citrate-APTT, PT, citrate-PT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially EquivalentCelite ACT Equivalent Time —ACT+, ACT-LRInternational Normalized Ratios(INR) - PT, citrate-PTWhole Blood values - APTT,citrate-APTT, PT, citrate-PTPlasma Equivalent (PE) Values -APTT, citrate-APTT, PT, citrate-PT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤10% C.V. for whole blood samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Displayed on LCD screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Timing Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 seconds to 1005 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingEnvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15°C - 30 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent15°C - 30 °</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clot detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanical-optical clot detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid QCRequirement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two levels  Performed as directed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery or AC operated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC Connectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS-232 and Ethernet Ports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User/Patient DataInput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User keypad or barcode scanner entry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Storage Capacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16 OID/20 PID alphanumeric characters600 entries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronic QCRequirement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal electronic QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Parameter Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User keypad or barcode scanner entry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LQC Parameter Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User keypad or barcode scanner entry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Warm UpTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 seconds to 90 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 200 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software Version</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">V2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">V2.4</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Based on the identical indications for use, operating principle, analytical performance claims, and assay algorithms, the HemochronTM Signature Elite with software Version 2.4 can be concluded to be substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate device, HemochronTM Signature Elite (K050016).