April 16, 2020

Beckman Coulter   
Samy Puccio   
Staff Regulatory Affair Specialist   
11800 SW 147th Ave   
Miami, Florida 33196-2500

Re: K193124 Trade/Device Name: Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System, Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ, QFS Dated: November 7, 2019 Received: November 12, 2019

Dear Samy Puccio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K193124

Device Name   
Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System   
Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application   
Indications for Use (Describe)   
The UniCel $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ Analyzer is a quantitative multi-parameter, automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic   
use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The UniCel $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ Analyzer identifies and   
enumerates the parameters indicated below on the following sample types:

Whole Blood (Venous and Capillary) - WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV, NE $\%$ , NE#, $\mathrm { L Y \% }$ , LY#, $M O \%$ , MO#, $\mathrm { E O \% }$ , EO#, $\mathrm { B A } \%$ , BA#, NRBC%, NRBC#, RET%, RET#, MRV, IRF

Pre-Diluted Whole Blood (Venous and Capillary) - WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV

Body Fluids (cerebrospinal, serous and synovial) - TNC and RBC

The Unicel $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application is the quantitative measurement of Monocyte Distribution Width (MDW). The Early Sepsis Indicator is intended for use with adult patients presenting to the emergency department, on whom a white cell differential test has been ordered.

MDW is measured from a (K2EDTA) whole-blood venous sample within 2 hours of collection. MDW values greater than 20.0 together with other laboratory findings and clinical information, aids in identifying patients with sepsis or at increased risk of developing sepsis within the first 12 hours of hospital admission.

MDW values greater than 20.0 should be interpreted in association with other clinical information and diagnostic testing, as a proportion of patients without sepsis may have an elevated MDW value at baseline.

MDW values less than or equal to 20.0 cannot rule out sepsis or the development of sepsis within 12 hours of hospital admission. The Early Sepsis Indicator should not be used as the sole basis to determine the absence of sepsis.

The predictive value of the Early Sepsis Indicator for identifying sepsis in patients with hematological abnormalities has not been established.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary for Unicel DxH 800 Cellular Analysis System

# 510(k) Owner / Submitter Information

Company Name: Beckman Coulter Inc.   
Address: 11800 SW $1 4 7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ave., Miami, FL 33196 Phone #: (305) 380-4509   
Fax #: (786) 639-4156   
Contact Person: Samy Puccio   
Email Address: spuccio@beckman.com

Date Submitted: December 19, 2019

# Device Information

Trade Name: Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System, Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application   
Common Name: DxH 800   
Classification Name: Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR 864.5220)   
Classification Name: Device to detect and measure non-microbial analyte(s) in human clinical specimens to aid in assessment of patients with suspected sepsis (21 CFR 866.3215)   
Classification: Class II (Special Controls)   
Product Code: GKZ, QFS   
Panel: Hematology, Microbiology

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Cleared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unicel DxH 800Coulter CellularAnalysis System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K140911</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sept 5, 2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unicel DxH 800Coulter CellularAnalysis Systemwith Early SepsisIndicatorApplication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K181599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mar 18, 2019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5220866.3215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKZQFS</td></tr></table>

# UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System and Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application

This 510(k) submission is for the UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System (DxH 800) with software version 3.9.0.

The Early Sepsis Indicator (ESI) requires the use of the UniCel $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ Coulter Cellular Analysis System $\mathrm { ( D x H 8 0 0 ) }$ ) and its reagents, controls and calibrators last cleared under 510(k) K140911.

The $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ System is a quantitative, automated hematology analyzer designed for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations by clinical laboratories. The system provides a Complete Blood Count (CBC), Leukocyte 5 Part Differential (Diff), Reticulocyte (Retic), Nucleated Red Blood Cell (NRBC) on whole blood, as well as, Total Nucleated Count (TNC), and Red Cell Count (RBC) on Body Fluids (cerebrospinal, serous and synovial). The $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ also includes the Monocyte Distribution Width (MDW) parameter shown to aid in the early detection of Sepsis in emergency room adult patients.

The system consists of two primary components, the workstation and the $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ analyzer as shown in Figure 1. DxH 800 System Configuration. The primary function of the $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ analyzer is to process samples and provide results to the workstation. The primary functions of the workstation are: user interface, system control, results processing and storage and external communications. The analyzer runs embedded code and the workstation runs Microsoft Windows 7 Operating System (OS).

Optionally, the workstation can be connected to:

A printer for creating reports;   
x A Laboratory Information System (LIS) for receiving test orders and releasing results; and   
x Pro-Service Remote Management System (RMS) which provides secure access to the $\mathrm { D x H 8 0 0 }$ workstation for BCI Service Personnel to perform troubleshooting, system monitoring and for assisting customers.

# Design Change Description:

This modification to the $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ is being implemented as part of corrective action for a field action initiated by Beckman Coulter (BEC) in July 2018. The field action was issued on the $\mathrm { D x H }$ instruments to notify customers that BEC received and confirmed reports of sporadic erroneously elevated platelet results without flags or system messages on some software versions of the UniCel $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0 / 6 0 0$ .

As part of an initial corrective action, BEC developed a software patch that contains an additional criterion to an existing algorithm flag in the software, alerting the user of a suspect PLT finding and to review the result. Upon further investigation, a root cause was identified as the sweep flow disruption that may occur following the “Clear RBC Apertures” procedure. Customers were informed to discontinue using this procedure and discontinue use of the analyzer if the instrument had a clogged aperture that would not clear. Customers were then instructed to contact Beckman Coulter Customer Support Center and request service.

The modification prompting a new submission is an update to the $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ software included in version 3.9.0 and contains the following changes:

1. The addition of a $^ { 6 } \mathrm { T } 5 0 ^ { \circ }$ criteria to an existing rule (154) to detect erroneously elevated platelet results caused by sweep flow obstructions. The system message (PLT Inter:Debris) is displayed and the “R” (review) flag is added to the platelet results directing the user to review per instructions provided in the IFU.

2. Disable Clear RBC Aperture Update (The software patch to address field action FA33718-2). A software change to internal software table values to display an error when user selects to execute the Clear RBC Apertures cycle (preventing the hardware execution of the procedure).

3. Strengthen cybersecurity. This includes enabling whitelisting to prevent unauthorized software from being installed, enabling Windows Firewall on all network cards to prevent unauthorized network traffic and a user option to secure data by encrypting the hard drive.

4. Addition of Automated VCSn Optimization feature. A software change to verify the Latron CP-X control (beads) recovers within the limits and optimize the calibration factor of the VCSn module. The adjustment occurs only during the Daily Shutdown cycle and uses the ratio of five successful Latron CP-X runs to compute the calibration factor needed.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

# Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System (K140911)

The UniCel $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ Analyzer is a quantitative multi-parameter, automated hematology analyzer for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories. The UniCel $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ Analyzer identifies and enumerates the parameters indicated below on the following sample types:

Whole Blood (Venous and Capillary)

x WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV, $\mathrm { N E \% }$ , NE#, $\mathrm { L Y \% }$ , LY#, $M O \%$ , MO#, $\mathrm { E O \% }$ , EO#, $\mathrm { B A } \%$ , BA#, NRBC%, NRBC#, RET%, RET#, MRV, IRF

Pre-Diluted Whole Blood (Venous and Capillary) x WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH, MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV

Body Fluids (cerebrospinal, serous and synovial)

TNC and RBC.

# Unicel DxH 800 Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application (K181599)

The UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application is the quantitative measurement of Monocyte Distribution Width (MDW). The Early Sepsis Indicator is intended for use with adult patients presenting to the emergency department, on whom a white cell differential test has been ordered.

MDW is measured from a (K2EDTA) whole-blood venous sample within 2 hours of collection. MDW values greater than 20.0 together with other laboratory findings and clinical information, aids in identifying patients with sepsis or at increased risk of developing sepsis within the first 12 hours of hospital admission.

MDW values greater than 20.0 should be interpreted in association with other clinical information and diagnostic testing, as a proportion of patients without sepsis may have an elevated MDW value at baseline.

MDW values less than or equal to 20.0 cannot rule out sepsis or the development of sepsis within 12 hours of hospital admission. The Early Sepsis Indicator should not be used as the sole basis to determine the absence of sepsis.

The predictive value of the Early Sepsis Indicator for identifying sepsis in patients with hematological abnormalities has not been established.

# Comparison to Predicate:

The design changes applied to the $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ serve as additional mitigations to existing risk control measures to the potential failure mode identified in the root cause analysis of the field action that initiated these changes.

These design changes do not impact the intended use or performance claims of the DxH 800.

Device Comparison Table:   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic Intended Use and</td><td>UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System (K140911) and, Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application (K181599) K181599</td><td>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Function</td><td>The UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application is the quantitative measurement of Monocyte Distribution Width (MDW). The Early Sepsis Indicator is intended for use with adult patients</td><td rowspan="5">Same</td></tr><tr><td>presenting to the emergency department, on whom a white cell differential test has been ordered. MDW is measured from a (K2EDTA) whole- blood venous sample within 2 hours of collection. MDW values greater than 20.0 together with other laboratory findings and clinical information, aids in identifying patients</td></tr><tr><td>with sepsis or at increased risk of developing sepsis within the first 12 hours of hospital admission. MDW values greater than 20.0 should be interpreted in association with other clinical information and diagnostic testing, as a proportion of patients without sepsis may have</td></tr><tr><td>an elevated MDW value at baseline. MDW values less than or equal to 20.0 cannot rule out sepsis or the development of sepsis within 12 hours of hospital admission. The Early Sepsis Indicator should not be used as the sole</td></tr><tr><td>basis to determine the absence of sepsis. The predictive value of the Early Sepsis Indicator for identifying sepsis in patients with hematological abnormalities has not been</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular AnalysisSystem (K140911) and,Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular AnalysisSystem with Early Sepsis IndicatorApplication (K181599)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">identifies and enumerates the parametersindicated below on the following sample types:Whole Blood (Venous and Capillary)•  WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPV,NE%, NE#, LY%, LY#, MO%, MO#,EO%, EO#, BA%, BA#, NRBC%, NRBC#,RET%, RET#, MRV, IRFPre-Diluted Whole Blood (Venous andCapillary)•  WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, RDW, RDW-SD, PLT, MPVBody Fluids (cerebrospinal, serous andsynovialTNC and RBC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Principles of Measurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC, RBC, MCV,PLT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aperture impedance (Coulter® Principle)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrophotometric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WBC Differential,Reticulocytes,NRBC, MDW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VCSn Technology using:•  Aperture impedance (DC)• Conductivity (RF)•  Laser Light Scatter (Multiple•  angles)•  Laser Light Absorbance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COULTER DxH DiluentCOULTER DxH Diff PackCOULTER DxH Cell LyseCOULTER DxH Retic PackCOULTER DxH Cleaner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control &amp;Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COULTER 6C Cell ControlCoulter 6C Plus Cell ControlCOULTER Latron CP-X ControlCOULTER RETIC-X Cell ControlCOULTER LIN-X ControlCOULTER Body Fluids ControlCOULTER S-CAL Calibrator kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Pre-Analytic Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular AnalysisSystem (K140911) and,Unicel DxH 800 oulter Cellular AnalysisSystem with Early Sepsis IndicatorApplication (K181599)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Systemconfiguration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC based workstation running MicrosoftWindows XP application specificsoftwareHandheld Barcode ScannerPrinter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplingMechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single tube presentation — open and closed vialsampling.Automated presentation  closed vial samplingfrom 5 position cassette; Maximum initial loadcapacity 20 racks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanisms forprocessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanisms to achieve process of:Automated cassette transportation and specimenmixing (by rocking), sample aspiration, samplepreparation, sample and reagent presentation toanalytical modules, sample analysis, raw datacollection, algorithmic processing and datareporting.Cassette transportation by magnetic driveallowing multi-directional moves and capabilityto return cassette toSampling position for repeat/reflex testing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleidentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample aspiration module (SAM) mountedbarcode reader for automated barcode reading ofcassette and sample tube identifiers Manualbarcode scanning of sample tube identifier(Handheld scanner) Manual keyboard entry ofsample identifier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Sample Processing</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirationathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single sampling probe and common aspirationpathway used for all sample presentation modes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleaspirationvolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic, cap-piercing: 165 μLSingle tube - open-vial and cap pierce:165 μLPre-dilute 165 µL - fixed ratio of 1 in 5 dilutionof blood with diluent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For automatic mode:CBC at 100 specimens/hr.CBC and Differential at 100 specimens/hr.CBC and Differential with NRBC at 90specimens/hr.Retic at 45 specimens/hr.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data reporting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Workstation display graphics, hardcopyprinting and transmission to LaboratoryInformation System (LIS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">System Control and Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controllingsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System software (embedded and workstation)designed specific tosupport all features of DxH 800. The softwaresystem consists of a Data Manager component, a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>UniCel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System (K140911) and, Unicel DxH 800 Coulter Cellular Analysis System with Early Sepsis Indicator Application (K181599) System Manager component (including</td><td>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>algorithms), the User Interface, all of which are resident in the Workstation. In addition an Embedded Application is resident in the analyzer. The Embedded application uploads from the workstation on system power-up.Extensive real time monitoring and reporting of system status including: Component and module activities, System Voltages and Currents System Pressure and Vacuum System Temperatures Motor activity Mechanism Sensor status Reagent Pump Operation Raw data collectionSingle sampling probe and common aspiration pathway used for all sample</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Software Version</td><td>presentation modes. Version 3.8.0</td><td>Version 3.9.0 Includes the additional criteria for T50 Flag Disable Clear RBC Aperture Strengthened Cybersecurity •Automated VCSn Optimization.</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing:

To demonstrate substantially equivalence (SE), the following design performance verification analyses were performed and evaluated:

1. Carryover   
2. Linearity   
3. Precision   
4. Method Comparison

# Design Control Activities

The design development and verification/validation of the device modification have been performed under design control. The design control activities were based on risk analysis, and acceptance criteria were set to maintain the efficiency and safety of the device. Testing included design software verification testing, human factors and installation testing.

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion to Demonstrate Safety, Effectiveness & Equivalent Performance to Predicate:

The updates to the $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ that are the subject of this submission, do not change the intended use, nor add or delete a contraindication for the device. The changes do not alter the device control mechanism, operating principle, energy type, environmental specification, ergonomics of the user interface, dimensional specifications, nor packaging.

The device does not have expiration dating nor is it subject to sterilization.

In summary, it can be concluded that the updated $\mathrm { D x H } 8 0 0$ , as described in this submission is substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to the predicate device.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.