November 6, 2020

Roche Diagnostics Teresa Carrow Regulatory Affairs Principal 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, Indiana 46256

Re: K200811 Trade/Device Name: cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5200 Regulation Name: Automated Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LKM Dated: March 26, 2020 Received: March 27, 2020

Dear Teresa Carrow:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Lea Carrington   
Division Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K200811

Device Name cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer

Indications for Use (Describe)

Theal mucus and sperm in urine.

Thi ysteaiar tnal may be reviewed and reclassified by a trained operator.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ .

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer.

Table 1: Product Code and Regulation Number   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9115 Hague RoadP.O. Box 50416Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Teresa CarrowPhone: (317) 521-2963FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: teresa.carrow@roche.comKelli TurnerPhone: (317) 521-4515FAX: (317) 521-2324Email: kelli.turner@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>September 2, 2020</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas u 701 microscopy analyzercobas u cuvette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated urine microscopy systemcuvette for urine microscopy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated urine microscopy systemcuvette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes,Regulation Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See Table 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRIS IQ 200 (k022774)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment Registration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer the establishment registrationnumber forRoche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim, Germany: 9610126Roche Diagnostics GmBH Penzberg, Germany: 9610529Roche Diagnostics Indianapolis, IN United States: 1823260.</td></tr></table>

The Urine Particle Counter is a Class II device under 21 CFR 864.5200.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device/Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine Particle Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LKM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$864.5200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer consists of the following components:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument with external color touch panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas u cuvette (400 cuvettes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cuvette cassette with 400 microscopy cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Racks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard rack, different types</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Optional</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Waste box carton</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carton for easy disposal of used test strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Connectivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternative for touch screen input</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Keyboard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternative for touch screen input</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commonly available laser printers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Host/LIS connectivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ASTM standard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB-stick</td></tr></table>

# 1.1. cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer

The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer is a fully automated urine analysis system. It is optimized for the high-volume professional laboratory market. The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer performs a maximum theoretical throughput of up to 116 samples per hour.

The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer consists of several major components:

Rack transport system   
Liquid handling system   
Cuvette cassette compartment   
Centrifuge   
Built-in reverse microscope with movable objective lens for focusing procedure   
High resolution camera system   
Touch Screen   
Inbuilt Computer with the imaging and evaluation software for analyzing the sedi   
pictures

Key functions of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer include:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Key Functions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample loading and transport</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample identification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample homogenization</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample pipetting into cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Centrifugation of cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image acquisition with a camera</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Image assessment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic disposal of used cuvettes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result readout</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result and image memory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optional manual classification and / or re-classification of particles (manual entries are flagged)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual or Automatic validation of the result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optional formats for data output including electronic result communication</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Additional Functions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data export</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remote Service</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control (optional with RFID tagged controls)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processing of diluted samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Washing</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filling Water tank, Emptying liquid and solid waste</td></tr></table>

The operating system will be Microsoft Windows 10. The system will use a Postgres/SQL database.

The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer is a stand-alone system, and it is designed to be interconnected mechanically and electronically with the cobas u 601 Urine Analyzer in order to create a urine work area (cobas 6500). The cobas u 601 System was previously FDA-cleared under k183432. The connectivity to the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer to form the cobas 6500 is not the subject of this submission.

# 1.2. cobas u cuvette (400 cuvettes)

The cobas u cuvette is used by the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer to transport, centrifuge and analyze patient and control samples. They are provided separately from the analyzer, in a box holding 400 disposable cuvettes.

# 1.3. Calibrator

No calibration of the device is necessary for its intended use. However, there is a microscope check, which is not a calibration of the device. This microscope check ensures proper functioning of the focusing mechanism of the microscope utilizing a reference cuvette.

The reference cuvette is a cuvette with the same dimensions as the sample cuvette, which contains a transparent material with a standardized number of erythrocyte like particles etched in it. For differentiation from the sample cuvettes, the reference cuvette is green and marked with the letter R on the top. This microscope check confirms that the instrument is able to focus accurately on the position of the particles and to count correctly the number of the cells. This microscope check needs to be performed every 4 weeks. A message from the instrument informs the operator when it is due.

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# 2.1. cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer

The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer is a fully automated urine microscopy system intended for the in vitro quantitative determination of erythrocytes and leukocytes, the semi-quantitative determination of squamous epithelial cells, bacteria, and hyaline casts and the qualitative determination of non-squamous epithelial cells, crystals, yeasts, pathological casts, mucus and sperm in urine.

This system is intended to be used by trained operators in clinical laboratories. All instrument analyte image decisions may be reviewed and reclassified by a trained operator.

# 2.2. cobas u cuvette

The cobas u cuvette is a cassette, containing cuvettes for the in vitro quantitative determination of erythrocytes and leukocytes, the semi-quantitative determination of squamous epithelial cells,

bacteria, and hyaline casts and the qualitative determination of non-squamous epithelial cells, crystals, yeasts, pathological casts, mucus, and sperm in urine with the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer. For professional use only.

WBC throughout this submission.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following table compares the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer with its predicate device, IRIS IQ 200 (k022774).

Table 2: Technical Characteristics Comparison Table between cobas u 701 Microscopy Analyzer and the IRIS IQ 200   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIRIS IQ 200 (k022774)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Devicecobas u 701 microscopy analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The iQ200 system is an in-vitrodiagnostic device used to automate thecomplete urinalysis profile, includingurine test strip chemistry panel andmicroscopic sediment analysis.Optionally, the iQ200 Analyzer can beused as a stand-alone unit, or theresults from the iQ200 Analyzer canbe combined with other urinechemistry results received from anLIS. It produces quantitative orqualitative counts of all formedsediment elements present in urine,including cells, casts, crystals andorganisms. A competent humanoperator can set criteria for auto-reporting and flagging specimens forreview.All instrument analyte imagedecisions may be reviewed andoverridden by a trained technologist.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The cobas u 701 microscopy analyzeris a fully automated urine microscopysystem intended for the in vitroquantitative determination oferythrocytes and leukocytes, the semi-quantitative determination ofsquamous epithelial cells, bacteria,and hyaline casts and the qualitativedetermination of non-squamousepithelial cells, crystals, yeasts,pathological casts, mucus and spermin urine. This system is intended to beused by trained operators in clinicallaboratories. All instrument analyteimage decisions may be reviewed andreclassified by a trained operator.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K022774</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Cleared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 October 2002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceIRIS IQ 200 (k022774)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Devicecobas u 701 microscopy analyzer</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine in barcode labeled tubes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Change ofmachineassignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All instrument analyte imagedecisions may be reviewed andoverridden by a trained technologist.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An appropriately trained laboratoryoperator may manually re-classify or(sub-) sub-classify particles.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Principle ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The iQ200 System auto-identifies andprocesses barcoded tubespecimens in 10-position racks bymixing, sampling, and analyzingautomatically. The iQ200 systemincorporates an iQ200 AutomatedUrine Microscopy Analyzer, in whicha sample is presented as a laminasandwiched between envelopinglayers of suspending fluid to amicroscope coupled to a CCD (chargecoupling device) video camera.This lamination positions thespecimen exactly within the depth offocus and field of view of theobjective lens of the microscope.Lamination is the planar equivalent ofaxial hydrodynamic focusing, used toposition cells in certain types of bloodcell counters and flow cytometers. Ithas the added advantage of achievingorthoscopic particle orientation,thereby presenting asymmetricparticles with their largest profilefacing the direction of view.A CCD digital camera captures five</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The analyzer auto-identifies andprocesses barcoded tube specimens in5-position racks by mixing, sampling,and analyzing automatically.cobas u 701 microscopy analyzerincorporates a robotic liquid handlingsystem that pipettes an aliquot of thespecimen into a disposable cuvette.The filled cuvette is forwarded to thebuilt-in centrifuge for centrifugationof the non-soluble particles. After thecentrifugation, all particles are broughtto one monolayer to ensure they are allat the same focal plane. A built incamera takes pictures through a builtin microscope at several positions ofthe sediment. All images are evaluatedby an image processing softwarewhich is able to detect and furtherclassify the following urine particlesRed blood cellsWhite blood cellsSquamous epithelial cells•  Bacteria•  Hyaline castsNon-squamous epithelial cells•  Crystals• YeastPathological castsMucusSpermAn appropriately trained laboratoryuser may manually re-classify or sub-classify particles on the basis of theacquired pictures.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>hundred frames per sample, as eachmicroscopic field of view isilluminated by the flash of a strobelamp. The resulting pictures aredigitized and delivered to the AnalysisProcessor computer. A previouslystored image of a blank background issubtracted from the individual fieldsof view, enhancing the morphology ofthe captured particle.Individual particle images are isolatedwithin each frame. The Auto-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate Device IRIS IQ 200 (k022774) Particle Recognition (APRTM)</td><td>Candidate Device cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer Particle concentration is calculated</td></tr><tr><td>Detected and counted particles</td><td>software, a highly trained neural network, uses size, shape, contrast and texture features to classify each image into one of 12 categories: RBCs, WBCs, WBC Clumps, Hyaline Casts, Unclassified Casts, Squamous Epithelial Cells, Non-squamous Epithelial Cells, Bacteria, Yeast, Crystals, Mucus and Sperm. Particle concentration is calculated using the number of images and the volume scanned. User-defined release criteria are checked and results are sent to an operator review screen or directly uploaded to the LIS based on these criteria. Specimen results can be edited, archived, retrieved, imported, exported and formatted into custom reports. Red Blood Cells • White Blood Cells White blood cells</td><td>using the average count from the assessed images. Red blood cells</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">present in a specimen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceIRIS IQ 200 (k022774)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Devicecobas u 701 microscopy analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Mucus•TrichomonasFat Red Blood Cell ClumpsOval Fat Bodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">blood cell clumps, oval fat bodies,artifacts.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IQ Control material</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommendation of commerciallyavailable control solutions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monthly focus with iQ Focus andcalibration with IQ® CalibratorMaterial (suspension of fixed humanred blood cells in a particulate-freesolution)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No calibration needed due to differentparticle detection technology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maintenance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Daily and periodic maintenance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum volume 3 mL of un-spunurine. Aspiration volume approx. 1.3mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum volume 2 mL of un-spunurine. Aspiration volume &lt; 0.8 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow digital imaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital imaging after automatedcentrifugation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Workstation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Computer withmonitor/keyboard/mouse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated PC with external touchscreen, optional keyboard/mouse</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microscopy module 100 lbs = 45.4kgs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microscopy module 176 lbs. = 80kg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluid Waste</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Waste is pumped from the instrumentto a sink, floor drain or suitablecontainer. Drain must be below or atsame height as bench and should beless than 10 feet (3 meters) from theback of the instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Waste container capacity is 5L. Thiscapacity is sufficient to run 400 tests.A direct waste discharge is possible(max. height = instrument level).</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following performance data are provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision according to CLSI EP5-A3   
Detection Limit: LoB, LoD and LoQ according to CLSI EP17-A2   
Linearity according to CLSI EP6-A   
Interferences

x Method Comparison to Reference Method

All performance specifications were met.

# 4.1. Precision

Precision was comprised of experiments for Repeatability and Intermediate precision.

4.1.1. Repeatability and Intermediate Precision

# 4.1.1.1. Repeatability

To assess the repeatability (within-run precision) of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer, a within-run precision study was performed. For the experiment, control samples as well as human specimens (residual amounts from routine) were used. Depending on the parameter methodology (quantitative, semi-quantitative, qualitative) up to three controls and up to three sample concentrations were measured. All predefined acceptance criteria were met.

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbero ff Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLLevel*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range(p/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(p/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(p/uL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425-1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>764</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425-1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>890</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75-240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/uL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/uL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td></tr></table>

20   
20   
20   

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1336</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>899</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>631</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>618</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPRM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPRM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos (2+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>239</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1612</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>845</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Run 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>458</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPRM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPRM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>236</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In(</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbero ff runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(p/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>s</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 -25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425 - 1280 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 -25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 - 240 p/uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

20   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intermed WWithin-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbero ff runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(p/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>751</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425 - 1280 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 - 240 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Site 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability hn-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inter (With</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Numbero f Runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NTotal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean p/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%))*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(pp/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 - 495 p/μL**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 - 240 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.81</td></tr></table>

20 20

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Witin-Site)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NTotal</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CV(%)*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CV(%)*</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SD(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CV(%)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(%)*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>321</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>846</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425 - 1280 p/μL **</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-25 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 - 240 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 70 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.48</td></tr></table>

  
20 20

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>cobas u 701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KOVA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExactAgreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 of 3 results withinthe specifiedconcentration block</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Agreement within 2adjacentconcentration ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Raw Count(bacteria or p/uL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[%]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[Yes/No]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2nd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3rd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2nd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3rd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (NaCl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>496</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>565</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>533</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1253</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (Urine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5fa5}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (Urine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

  
  
  
20

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Target Value</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=6>cobas u 701</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>KOVA</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ExactAgreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2 of 3 results withinthe specifiedconcentration block</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement within 2adjantconcentration ranges</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Raw Count(bacteria or p/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[%]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[Yes/No]</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>[%]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2nd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3rd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1st</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2nd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3rd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (NaCl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>413</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>394</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>896</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>891</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (Urine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (Urine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 p/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Analytical Sensitivity

# 4.2.1. Limit of Blank (LoB)

Limit of Blank (LoB) of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer was determined using one lot of cobas u cuvette and three cobas u 701 microscopy analyzers.

The Limit of Blank (LoB) is the highest observed measured value for samples free of analyte.   
The Limit of Blank was determined as the 95th percentile of the measurement of blank samples.   
All predefined acceptance criteria were met.

# 4.2.2. Limit of Detection (LoD)

Limit of Detection (LoD) of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer were determined using one lot of cobas u cuvette and three cobas u 701 microscopy analyzers.

Limit of Detection (LoD) determines the detection limit for samples with low analyte concentration. The LoD was determined as the lowest amount of analyte in a sample that can be detected with a $9 5 \%$ probability. All predefined acceptance criteria were met.

# 4.2.3. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer were determined using one lot of cobas u cuvette and three cobas u 701 microscopy analyzers.

Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) is defined as the lowest analyte concentration in a sample that can be reproducibly measured. All predefined acceptance criteria were met.

# 4.3. Linearity/Assay Reportable Range

4.3.1. Deviation to Higher Order Polynomial/Percentage for “Significant Level of Deviation”

Linearity of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer was determined for the two quantitative parameters Red Blood Cells (RBC) and White Blood Cells (WBC) using one lot of cobas u cuvette and one cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer. Linear regression was calculated according CLSI EP6-A.

# 4.4. Dilution

The dilution study assessed the performance of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer when diluted samples are evaluated.

Note: Dilution of urine is not advisable however, when sample dilution is performed using saline as the diluent, with immediate evaluation on the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer, results will be obtained.

# 4.5. Interferences

The interference study assessed the potential interferences that may occur on the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer due to its measurement technology; clinical samples were assessed for the individual interferents.

Native human urine samples containing the following interfering particles were measured on the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer: high concentrations of mucus strands, artefacts, clumps, cell fragments, dysmorphic cells, shining particles, crowded samples, diluted samples, highly viscous samples and high turbidity (Intralipid) samples. Furthermore, challenging native urine samples including amorphous crystals and trichomonas were evaluated.

# 4.6. Assay Cut-Off Determination

For semi-quantitative and qualitative assay cut-off determination, range limits had to be set. Range limits were set using empirical and theoretical information from literature, knowledge from clinical practice and the available data from external performed studies.

# 5. EXTERNAL (CLINICAL) TESTING

The clinical evaluation included a total of 1310 samples, 689 for the method comparison study and 621 for the reference range study, which were used to execute 3 studies including method comparison for all parameters and reference value assessment for Red Blood Cells (RBC) and White Blood Cells (WBC), executed at two European sites (Site 1, Site 2) and one site located in the US (Site 3). In addition, those same samples were used for evaluation of interferences.

# 5.1. Method Comparison

# 5.1.1. Method Comparison versus Reference Method

To assess the accuracy of the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer, the method comparison study was performed with manual microscopy using KOVA slides as the comparator method utilizing clinical samples.

The tables below (Table 13 – Table 15) summarize the results of the method comparison studies performed between cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer and visual counting using the Kova chamber. All obtained statistical results from the single sites as well as for the compiled data sets were within the defined specifications and confirmed the substantial equivalence of the automated cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer with the manual Kova counting method.

Below is the compiled demographics and information about the age range at the study sites. As there are no known differences related to race and ethnicity, this information was not taken into consideration in the demographic information.

Table 12: Sample Size and Distribution Measured at the Different Sites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Age Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pediatrics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>689</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 month - 98 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>355</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>334</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 month - 98 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 month - 92 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 years - 89 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Range of values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Passing Bablok regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Pearson&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Agreement(%*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas u 701</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KOVA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(LCL, UCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(LCL, UCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R{2$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p=value(=0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>All sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-1746</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5- 1769</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.99, 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.67 (-1.65, 0.16)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-806</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.99 (-1.91, 0.04)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr></table>

20

20   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>All sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (LCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (LCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cohen&#x27;s Kappa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97% (95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% (93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97% (95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99% (96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HYA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>672</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98% (97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% (89%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>All sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NPA (LCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPA (LCL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cohen&#x27;s Kappa</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97% (95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98% (93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MUC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99% (98%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% (91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>675</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90% (88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% (88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93% (91%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89% (80%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPRM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% (93%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94% (85%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>YEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97% (95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91% (82%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td></tr></table>

# 5.2. Reference range

To establish reference values for Red Blood cells (RBC) and White Blood cells (WBC) on the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer, “urine healthy” residual samples were measured. Measurements were performed at the three sites, each using one cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer and a total of four cobas u cuvette lots.

Table 16: Reference Range Study Results for RBC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5thpercentile(90% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99th percentile(90% CIC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All sitesTCombined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16 (5.28, 7.92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92 (6.16, 7.92)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16 (5.28, 7.92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92 (6.16, 9.68)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16 (5.28, 7.92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92 (7.04, 7.92)</td></tr></table>

Table 17: Reference Range Study Results for WBC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Min</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Median</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5thpercentile(90% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99thpercentile(90% C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>All sitesTCombined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6 (7.26, 13.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2 (11.9, 17.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>311</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.94 (5.28, 12.5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90 (5.94, 15.8)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.92 (5.94, 11.9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 (9.90, 16.5)</td></tr></table>

# 6. CONCLUSIONS

The submitted information in this premarket notification $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ supports a substantial equivalence decision for the cobas u 701 microscopy analyzer as compared to the predicate device.