June 2, 2022

W.H.P.M., Inc   
$\%$ Farokh Etemadieh   
Manager of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance   
W.H.P.M., Inc   
5358 North Irwindale Avenue   
Irwindale, California 91706

Re: K200754 Trade/Device Name: Hemosure Accu-Reader A100 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.6550 Regulation Name: Occult Blood Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OOX Dated: December 13, 2021 Received: December 13, 2021

Dear Farokh Etemadieh:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Device Name

Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100

Indications for Use (Describe)

Hemosure $\circled{8}$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is an automated immunochemical fecal occult blood test system intended for the qualitative detectio of fecal occult blood in human feces by clinical laboratories.

Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 is comprised of Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Reader with Sample Tray, Hemosure AccuReader™ A100 Test Cartridge, Sample Collection tube, Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 Control and Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Calibration Cartridge Kit.

For in vitro diagnostic use. For Prescription use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.

# 510(k) Summary

# 510(k) Submitter Information:

Name:   
Chief Executive:   
Address W.H.P.M., Inc.   
John Wan, CEO   
5358 North Irwindale Avenue   
Irwindale, California 91706   
626-443-8480   
626-443-8065   
Farokh Etemadieh, Regulatory and Quality Manager   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Contact name:

# Application Correspondent:

Name: Contact: Address:

Farokh Etemadieh   
Farokh Etemadieh   
5358 North Irwindale Avenue   
Irwindale, California 91706   
626-443-8480   
626-443-8065

Phone: Fax:

Date Prepared: June 1, 2022

# Device Information:

Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Product Code:

Device Class: Class II

510(k) Number: K200754

# Predicate Device Information:

<table><tr><td>K Number</td><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>Manufacturer</td></tr><tr><td>Primary K041408</td><td>OC AUTO MICRO FOB Test and OC Auto Micro 80 Analyzer</td><td>POLYMEDCO, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Reference K041202</td><td>Hemosure ™M One-Step Fecal Occult Blood (FOB) Test; Occult Blood Test</td><td>WHPM, Inc.</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use:

Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is an automated immunochemical fecal occult blood test system intended for the qualitative detection of fecal occult blood in human feces by clinical laboratories.

Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is comprised of Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Reader with Sample Tray, Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Test Cartridge, Sample Collection tube, Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Control and Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Calibration Cartridge Kit.

For in vitro diagnostic use. For Prescription use.

# Device Description:

Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is an automated immunochemical fecal occult blood test system intended for the qualitative detection of fecal occult blood in human feces by clinical laboratories. Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is comprised of Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 Reader with Sample Tray, Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Test Cartridge, Sample Collection tube, Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Control and Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 Calibration Cartridge Kit.

The principle of measurement is an automated sandwich dye conjugate immunoassay that employs a combination of monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies to selectively identify and provide qualitative determination of human hemoglobin in feces. As the test sample flows up through the absorbent device, the labeled antibody-dye conjugate binds to the hemoglobin in the specimen, forming an antibody-antigen complex. This complex binds to anti-hemoglobin antibody in the positive test reaction zone and produces a pink-rose color band. In the absence of hemoglobin, there is no line in the positive test reaction zone. The pink-rose color bands in the control reaction zone demonstrate that the reagents and devices are functioning correctly.

The throughput of the instrument is 100 samples per hour. The samples are collected in the sample collection tube “Sample Collection tube”. The sample tube and test cartridge are assembled and placed on the sample tray. The instrument positions the test cartridge to the plunger station to initiate the test cartridge testing by plunging the sample collection buffer tube into the chamber of the cartridge and thereby piercing its aluminum seal. The test fecal sample buffer is released into the test cartridge and fecal sample buffer will migrate on the enclosed test strip affixed on the test cartridge. Results are read after the tray makes one full rotation, which takes 5 minutes. Immediately after sample reading, the result (positive, negative or invalid) is displayed on the touchscreen and printed on paper whose dispensing slot is situated at the top of the Accu-Reader™ A100.

# Components of Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Test System

# Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Reader

Automated Camera-based reader. Digital imaging is used to analyze the intensity of the Test and Control lines resulting from the introduction of the sample to the sandwich dye conjugate immunoassay. The results (positive, negative, or invalid) are provided on a display screen as well as a printout.

# Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Sample Tray

Sample tray which comprises a turntable and a turntable motor with a mechanism that positions and controls the sample diluent with the test strip.

# Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Test Cartridge

The Accu-Reader™ A100 adopts a patented test cartridge system which is comprised of:

1. Test cartridge - The test cartridge is a polystyrene plastic case that contains a test strip composed of a plastic plate, a water absorption plate, a nitrocellulose film, colloidal gold, and water absorption paper; The nitrocellulose membrane consists of a control line (line C) coated with sheep antimouse polyclonal antibody and a reaction line (line T) coated with mouse anti-human hemoglobin monoclonal antibody 1. Colloidal gold is prepared by labeling mouse anti-human hemoglobin monoclonal antibody 2.

2. Sample Collection Tube - contains Phosphate-buffered saline.

The sample is collected by the patient inserted into the test cartridge (molded for correct insertion), placed into the Reader sample tray.

Individual Test Calibration - Each time a test is run, the reader calibrates by using a specified blank zone of the test strip that is unaffected by the immunological reaction of the test. This calibration is conducted to mitigate any interference that could be caused by abnormal sample color.

# Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Test Positive and Negative Control Solutions

Positive Control – 5mL or $_ { 2 \mathsf { m L } }$ contains purified human hemoglobin, Tris buffer, bovine serum albumin, and $0 . 0 5 \%$ sodium azide. Store product at $2 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } } { \mathsf { - } } 8 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ .

Negative Control - 5mL or 2mL contains Tris buffer, bovine serum albumin, and $0 . 0 5 \%$ sodium azide.   
Store product at $2 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } } { \mathsf { - } } 8 ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ .

# Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 Calibration Cartridges

Optical System Calibration

The Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is supplied with a Calibration Cartridge Kit to check the assay reading performance. A calibration check verifies that the internal digital camera is functioning correctly, the lens is free from debris, and the Hemosure $\textcircled{8}$ Accu-Reader™ A100 is working to specification.

# Predicate Comparison Table- Primary Predicate

Table 1: Comparison Table – Primary Predicate   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceW.H.P.M.,Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DevicePOLYMEDCO,Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K200754</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K041408</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brand name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OC AUTO MICRO FOB Test and OCAuto Micro 80 Analyzer TEST</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 isan automated immunochemical fecaloccult blood test system intended forthe qualitative detection of fecaloccult blood in human feces byclinical laboratories.Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 iscomprised of Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Reader with SampleTray, Hemosure Accu-Reader ™A100 Test Cartridge, SampleCollection tube, Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 Control and</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Polymedco OC Auto Micro 80Analyzer and OC Auto Micro FOB Testare designed to be used together asan immunological test system intendedfor the qualitative detection of fecaloccult blood in feces by professionallaboratories. The automated test isuseful for the determination ofgastrointestinal (Gl) bleeding, found ina number of gastrointestinal (Gl)disorders, e.g., colitis, polyps, andcolorectal cancer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100Calibration Cartridge Kit.For in vitro diagnostic use.For Prescription use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OOX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OOX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended useenvironment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional Laboratories</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended user</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory technician</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laboratory technician</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feces in an extraction buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feces in an extraction buffer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated sandwich dye conjugateimmunoassay for qualitativedetection of fecal occult blood infeces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated immunoassay using latexfixation for qualitative detection of fecaloccult blood in feces</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling andSampleProcessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling is done with the help of thestool collection rod which is a part ofthe Sample Collection tube. The fecalsample is delivered into the samplingtube containing the buffer whichextracts it.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling is done with the help ofthe Sampling Probe which is a partof the OC-Auto Sampling Bottle.The fecal sample is delivered intothe sampling bottle containing thebuffer which extracts it.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100ng/mL(Human hemoglobin in fecesprocessed in extraction buffer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL(Human hemoglobin in fecesprocessed in extraction buffer)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-10 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-10 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presentation ofTest results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative (Positive or Negative)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative (Positive or Negative)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated sandwich dye conjugateimmunoassay that employs acombination of monoclonal andpolyclonal antibodies to selectivelyidentify and provide qualitativedetermination of human hemoglobinin feces. As the test sample flows upthrough the absorbent device, thelabeled antibody-dye conjugate bindsto the hemoglobin in the specimenforming an antibody-antigen complex.This complex binds to anti-hemoglobin antibody in the positivetest reaction zone and produces apink-rose color band. In the absenceof hemoglobin, there is no line in thepositive test reaction zone. The pink-rose color bands in the controlreaction zone demonstrate that thereagents and devices are functioningcorrectly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated immunoassay using latexfixation for qualitative detection of fecaloccult blood in feces.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionMechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Camera-based analysis of asandwich dye conjugateimmunoassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical measurement of agglutinationof latex particles</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestThroughput/Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 samples/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 samples/hour</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A test cartridge with definedstandard gray color intensity on its Tzone is read by the Accu-Reader ™MA100 and adjustment is madeaccording to this standard gray scaleintensity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator containing hHb A0 isserially diluted prior to analysis toconstruct a calibration curve.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Reference Predicate

The reference predicate, K041202, is included for the similarities in its technological characteristics of the test cartridge, buffer and controls to support safety claims for the device. The test principle is the same but modifications to the design were made to the test cartridge for the automated processing of samples.

Table 2: Reference Comparison Chart   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference DeviceK041202</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brand name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 TestCartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemosure ™M One-Step Fecal OccultBlood (FOB) Test; Occult BloodTest</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100 isan automated immunochemical fecaloccult blood test system intended forthe qualitative detection of fecaloccult blood in human feces byclinical laboratories.Hemosure® Accu-Reader ™ A100 iscomprised of Hemosure® Accu-Reader ™ A100 Reader with SampleTray, Hemosure Accu-Reader ™MA100 Test Cartridge, SampleCollection tube, Hemosure® Accu-Reader ™ A100 Control andHemosure® Accu-Reader™ A100Calibration Cartridge Kit.For in vitro diagnostic use.For Prescription use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Hemosure ™One-Step FecalOccult Blood (FOB) Testis animmunochemical device intended forthe qualitative detectionofFecalOccult Blood by laboratories orphysicians offices. It is useful todetermine    gastrointestinal    (GI)bleeding found in a number of Gldisorders, e.g. diverticulitis, colitis,polyps, and colorectal cancer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClassificationCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OOX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KHE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative, sandwich dye conjugateimmunoassay and employs acombination of monoclonal andpolyclonal antibodies to selectivelyidentify hemoglobin in test samples.As the test sample flows up throughthe absorbent device, the labeledantibody- dye conjugate binds to thehemoglobin in the specimen formingan antibody- antigen complex. Thiscomplex binds to anti-hemoglobinantibody in the positive test reactionzone and produces a pink-rose colorband. In the absence of hemoglobin,there is no line in the positive testreaction zone. The pink-rose colorbands in the control reaction zonedemonstrate that the reagents anddevices are functioning correctly</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative, sandwich dye conjugateimmunoassay and employs acombination of monoclonal andpolyclonal antibodies to selectivelyidentify hemoglobin in test samples. Asthe test sample flows up through theabsorbent device, the labeled antibody-dye conjugate binds to the hemoglobin inthe specimen forming an antibody-antigen complex. This complex binds toanti-hemoglobin antibody in the positivetest reaction zone and produces a pink-rose color band. In the absence ofhemoglobin, there is no line in thepositive test reaction zone. The pink-rosecolor bands in the control reaction zonedemonstrate that the reagents anddevices are functioning correctly</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cartridge (test strip enclosed in aplastic housing) and sample tube.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cassette (test strip enclosed in aplastic housing) and sample tube.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accu-Reader™ A100 TestCartridge;Sample Collection Tube;Controls- Positive and NegativeSolutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Cassette individually sealed in a foilpacket pouch, containing mouse MAB andsheep PAB, directed against humanHemoglobin (hHb) and;Buffer, "Limit Fecal Sample Collection"extraction buffer, 2.0 mL.Controls- Positive and Negative Solutions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampling andSampleProcessing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplings is done with theapplicator stick which is part of theSample Collection Tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samplings is done with the applicator stickwhich is part of theBuffer, "Limit Fecal Sample Collection"tube</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL(Human hemoglobin in fecesprocessed in extraction buffer)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL(Human hemoglobin in feces processedin extraction buffer)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectionmechanism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Camera-based analysis of asandwich dye conjugateimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual observation of a pink-rosecolor band</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individually sealed in a foil pouch,containing a combination of mouseMAB and sheep or goat PAB,directed against humanhemoglobin (hHb);</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individually sealed in a foil pouch,containing a combination of mouseMAB and sheep or goat PAB, directedagainst human hemoglobin (hHb);</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimencollector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fecal Collection Tube ofextraction buffer. (2.0 mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fecal Collection Tube of extractionbuffer. (2.0 mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls,Positive andNegative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

# Precision/Reproducibility Studies

The Accu-Reader™ A100 was tested between test kit lots (one instrument and different lots), between instruments (one lot and different instruments), between sites (different instruments and lots), and between runs with different operators. Testing included 21 replicates across 7 concentrations at 0 ng/mL, 80 ng/mL, 100 ng/mL, 110 ng/mL, 120 ng/mL, $1 4 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \mathsf { n g / m L } }$ for all studies across repeatability and reproducibility. Precision/reproducibility was assessed by evaluating the positive percentage agreement (PPA) and negative percentage agreement (NPA) of the observed results with expected result values.

Table 3: Intra-Assay Precision/Repeatability Data Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Positive Percent(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative Percent(95% C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(84.5-100)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%(0.9-22.7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%(77.3-99.2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.6%(28.3-67.6)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4%(32.4-71.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C95 - 20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%(50.1-86.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.6%(13.8-50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%(77.3-99.2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%(0.9-22.7)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C95 + 20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(84.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(84.5-100)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Table 4A: Inter-site Repeatability/Reproducibility Data Summary   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Observed Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PositivePercent(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NegativePercent(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OverallPercentageAgreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Observed Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PositivePercent(95% Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NegativePercent(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OverallPercentageAgreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%(32.4%-71.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.6%(28.3%-67.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%(50.1%-86.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.6%(13.8%-50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%(77.3%9.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%(0.9%-22.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%(32.4%-71.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.6%(28.3%-67.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%(50.1%-86.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.6%(13.8%-50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%(0.9%-22.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%(77.3%-99.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%(32.4%-75.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.9%(24.5%-63.5%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%(50.1%86.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.6%(13.8%-50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%(77.3%-9.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%(0.9%-22.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Site 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%(0.9%-22.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%(77.3%-99.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%(28.3%-67.6%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.9%(32.4%-71.7%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%(47.8%-88.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.6%(11.3%-52.2%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr></table>

Table 4B: Summary of Repeatability/Reproducibility Studies Data   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sampleconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Observed Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PositivePercent(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegativePercent(95% Cl)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallPercentageAgreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%(77.3%-99.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%(0.9%-22.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(84.5%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Allsites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%(0.3%-8.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%(91.7%-99.75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.8%(43.5%-65.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.2%(34.3%-56.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%(60.5%-80.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24%(19.2%-39.5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%(91.7%-99.75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%(0.3%-8.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95.7%-100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SampleConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Factor</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number Positive (%),95%CI</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number Negative (%),95%CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">0 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">80 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12(57.1),36.5-75.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4),32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9(42.9),24.5-63.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6),28.3-67.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">110 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2),54.9-89.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),13.-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5(23.8),10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),13.8-50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),3.8-50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2),54.9-89.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4),50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5(23.8),10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6),13.8-50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SampleConcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Factor</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number Positive (%),95%CI</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Number Negative (%),95CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">120 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8%),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8%),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2), 77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8%),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2),77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 (4.8),0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">140 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">1000 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100),84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

Results: Statistical analysis of repeatability and reproducibility studies of the Accu-Reader™ A100.

Table 5: PPA/NPA   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PrecisionStudy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ObservedResults</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Expected Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Overall PercentAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Positive PercentAgreement(95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NegativePercentAgreement(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Repeatability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.63%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.86%(93.84%~99.80%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.31%(90.91%~99.70%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Between-runReproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">99.09%(97.69%~99.75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.25%(97.33%~99.91%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.84%(95.89%~99.86%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">BetweenInstrumentReproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">264</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.09%(97.69%~99.75%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.25%(97.31%~99.78%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.86%(95.93%~99.86%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">173</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">441</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lot-to-LotReproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">268</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.32%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.63%(97.92%~ 99.93%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.84%(95.86%~9969%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">172</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">441</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Between-siteReproducibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PositiveResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">356</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">358</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.32%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.44%(98.00%~99.93%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">99.13%(96.89%~99.89%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NegativeResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">358</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">588</td></tr></table>

# Assay Cut-off Study

The assay cut-off performance evaluation for the Accu-Reader™ A100 was executed side-by-side with the predicate device to compare the test results of both devices. Based on the results, the overall percent agreement of the Accu-Reader™ A100 is more than $9 5 \%$ ; thus, this agreement describes the validity of the data collection and analysis. The data indicates that the Accu-Reader™ A100 performs similarly to the predicate device, with the analytical cut-off of 100ng/mL results (hemoglobin in fecal mixed with the detection buffer), which is equivalent to 0.0156 mg Hb per gram or $1 5 . 6 \mu \ g$ Hb per gram of human stool.

# Prozone Effect Study

The Accu-Reader™ A100 was found to not be susceptible to the Hook effect up to a concentration of 3000ng/mL as 21 replicates across eight increasing concentrations of fecal samples containing human blood were tested, which resulted in zero false negatives.

# Analytic Sensitivity Study: Human Hemoglobin Variant

The ability to detect human hemoglobin-s variant was determined by testing a series of concentrations of Hemoglobin-S spiked with human stool samples. Twenty-one (21) replicates of fecal samples spiked with Hb-S for each concentration were prepared. The concentrations were at 0, 12, 16, 17, 19, 22 and $1 5 6 ~ { \mu \ g } ~ { \mathsf { H b S / g } }$ stool, and equivalent to 0, 80, 100, 110, 120, 140 and 1000 ng HbS/ml. The AccuReader™ A100 was found to be sensitive to the abnormal hemoglobin associated with sickle cell anemia (Hb-S variant).

Table 6: hHb variant summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml Pos/Neg(% Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80ng/mL Pos/Neg(% Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/mL Pos/Neg(% Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110ng/mLPos/Neg(% Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120ng/mL Pos/Neg(% Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140ng/mL Pos/Neg(% Pos)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mLPos/Neg(% Pos)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/21(0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1/20(5%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/11(48%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14/7(67%0)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20/1(95%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/0(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/0(100%)</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity - Animal Hemoglobin Analytical Specificity/Exclusivity

The cross-reactivity of the Accu-Reader™ A100 was tested with eight (8) animal hemoglobin samples by testing21 replicates of fecal samples spiked with human hemoglobin at several concentrations (0, 80, 100, 110, 120, 140 and 1000ng/mL). Each contrived fecal sample was prepared with $5 0 0 ~ { \mu \ g / \ m L }$ of animal hemoglobin and included the following animals: Bovine, Poultry, Fish, Horse/Equine, Goat, Pig, Rabbit and Sheep. The Accu-Reader™ A100 did not show significant cross-reactivity with any of the animal hemoglobin proteins tested.

Table 7: Cross Reactivity Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Analytical Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Expected Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OverallPercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PositivePercentAgreement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NegativePercentAgreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Reader ™100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Bovine Hemoglobin 500μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.8%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Equine Hemoglobin 500μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Goat Hemoglobin500 μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Porcine Hemoglobin 500μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Sheep Hemoglobin 500μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Turkey Hemoglobin 500μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.6%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Fish Hemoglobin500 μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Rabbit Hemoglobin 500μg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>99.3%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>98.9%</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

The Interference substances studies for Accu-Reader™ A100 test kit were conducted with Animal Meat Extracts, Dietary Substances, Vegetable Extracts, Toilet Water and Contaminants by testing 21 replicates of fecal samples spiked with human hemoglobin at concentrations of 0, 80, 100, 110, 120, 140 and $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . No significant interference was observed with the substances listed above.

Table 8: Summary - Meat Extracts   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeatExtracts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observedpositiveresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observednegativeresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totalnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negativepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overallpercentageagreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Beef MeatExtract2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Pork MeatExtract2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Fish MeatExtract 2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">HorseMeatExtract2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Goat MeatExtract2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12(57.1)36.6-75.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9(42.9)24.5-63.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">RabbitMeatExtract</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(23.8)10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.2%</td></tr></table>

Table 9: Summary - Vegetable Extracts   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeatExtracts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observedpositiveresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observednegativeresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totalnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negativepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overallpercentageagreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">LambMeatExtract2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">ChickenMeatExtract2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12(57.1)36.6-75.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9(42.9)24.5-63.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VegetableExtracts</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleconcentration n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observedpositiveresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observednegativeresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totalnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negativepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overallpercentageagreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">BroccoliExtract 2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">CantaloupeExtract 2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">CauliflowerExtract 2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(23.8)10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">HorseradishExtract 2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">ParsnipExtract 2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(23.8)10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Summary - Drugs and Dietary Supplements   

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Red radishExtract2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C95-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16(76.2)50.1-86.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(23.8)10.6-45.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C95+20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21(100)84.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21(100)84.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>TurnipExtract2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0% positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21(100)84.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C95-20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>140 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C95+20%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21(100)84.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21(100)84.5-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DietarySupplements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observedpositiveresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observednegativeresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totalnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivepercentagreement(95 % CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negativepercentagreement(95 % CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overall percentageagreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Iron 0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">SodiumLascorbate0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">BisacodylEnteric-coated tablets2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12(57.1)36.6-75.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9(42.9)24.5-63.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(23.8)10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Sennosidetablets2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Glycerolenema2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9(42.9)24.5-63.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12(57.1)36.5-75.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Hydrogenperoxideenema2.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0% positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Table 11: Summary - Other Contaminants   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contaminants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedesult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observedpositiveresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observednegativeresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totalnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative percentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overallpercentageagreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Lime-A-Way5mg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16(76.2)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(23.8)10.6-45.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contaminants</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleconcentration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expectedresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observedpositiveresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Observednegativeresults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Totalnumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positivepercentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative percentagreement(95 % Cl)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overallpercentageagreement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">Clorox 5mg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="7">LysolBleach5mg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)77.3-99.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1(4.8)0.9-22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20(95.2)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">LysolCleaner5mg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14(66.7)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7(33.3)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ScrubbingBubbles5mg/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ong/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11(52.4)32.4-71.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10(47.6)28.3-67.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95-20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15(71.4)50.1-86.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6(28.6)13.8-50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C95+20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21(100)84.5-100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

# Sample Collection Study

Twenty Laypersons were recruited to collect the human fecal samples of negative (Hemoglobin-free) and positive (known Hemoglobin concentration: 1000ng/mL) into the fecal sample collection tube of Accu-Reader™ A100 according to the Instructions For Use (IFU). Hemoglobin negative and hemoglobin positive human fecal samples were prepared. Five positive and five negative samples were collected by each layperson for a total of 200 samples (100 positive and 100 negative). The sample collection tubes loaded with the fecal sample were tested on the Accu-Reader™ A100 after weighing and calculating the weight of feces in sample collection tubes. The results of the sample collection study show a high degree of accuracy of results and consistency of the amount of stool collected.

# Specimen Stability Studies

Stool samples were spiked with several concentrations of human hemoglobin and stored in the Sample Collection tube at different temperatures for up to 30 days after sampling. Testing was then performed on the Accu-Reader™ A100 according to the instructions for use. Twenty-one replicates of each of the following hemoglobin concentrations were tested: $0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $8 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $1 0 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $1 1 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , 120 ng/mL, 140 ng/mL and $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { \mathsf { n g / m L } }$ . Three kit lots were included in the testing. The temperature at which the samples were stored were ${ 2 } { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ , -10- $( - ) 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ , ${ 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } C }$ and $40 \%$ .

Based on the test results, the data demonstrates that the devices of Accu-Reader are within acceptable criteria and the agreement over $9 5 \%$ . It is noted that sample storage at $40 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ did begin to show false negative results when stored for 15 days. The fecal sample in collection tube will be stored at $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and $40 \textdegree$ no more than 14 days after sampling.

# Shipping Studies

The shipping study was conducted to evaluate the shipping stress to the sample and test kit and their endurance under extreme temperatures. Fecal samples contained in sample collection buffer tubes and unused Accu-Reader™ A100 sample collection buffer tubes and cartridges (containing no fecal samples) were stored under extreme temperatures up to 5 days. Test point 0 days, 3 days, 5 days and 6 days. The four temperature points of - $\boldsymbol { \cdot } \boldsymbol { 1 0 } ^ { \circ } \boldsymbol { \mathrm { C } }$ , $2 { \sim } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ , $\boldsymbol { 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } }$ and $40 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ were adopted in this shipping study. There were 21 replicates at each of the seven concentrations. There was one operator, one site, one device, and one lots of the Accu-Reader™ A100 test kits employed in this study.

The tested data demonstrates that the sample result passed the acceptance criteria and the agreement is more than $9 5 \%$ .

# Stability Studies – Accelerated Stability Studies

The study was conducted to support the shelf life of Accu-Reader™ A100 test kits up to 24 months at room temperature. Accelerated stability study was conducted with three lots of Accu-Reader™ A100 test kits. Test kits were stored at $45 \textdegree$ for 75 days and six test points adopted: 0 days, 20 days, 40 days, 55 days, 65 days and 76 days. The 21 replicates for each concentration with seven known levels (0 ng/mL, 80 ng/mL, 100 ng/mL, 110 ng/mL, 120 ng/mL, 140 ng/mL, 1000 ng/mL) of human hemoglobin were prepared for using to the study. Device test kits were stored at $45 \textdegree$ for 75 days duration and temperature translate to 24 months of stability at room temperature $( 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } )$ . Hemoglobin standard concentration: 0, 80, 100, 110, 120, 140 and $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , with 21 aliquots respectively.

Based on the tested results, the data supported the shelf life of Accu-Reader™ A100 test kits up to 24 months at room temperature.

# Stability Studies – Real Time

The real time stability study was conducted to verify the test kits are stable up to 36 months when stored at temperatures between $4 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ and $3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . The on-going real time study has completed studies up to 18 months.

The study was conducted with 3 different lots of Hemosure $\textcircled{8}$ Accu-Reader™ A100 test kits (test cartridge and sample tube). Measurements were performed at day 0, after 12 months, 18 months, 24 months, and 30 months using stool samples spiked with the seven known concentrations of human hemoglobin (0, 80, 100, 110, 120, 140, and $1 0 0 0 \mathsf { n g / m l } )$ . The samples were measured in 21 replicates. The test results showed that the Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 test kits (test cartridge and sample tube) are stable for 24 months at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Clinical Performance: Method Comparison Study

A clinical method comparison study was performed in order to demonstrate the equivalency between Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 automated fecal occult blood detection device and a predicate device.

A total of 377 clinical fecal samples were collected from individuals who had previously been screened by colonoscopy in the recent past. The Accu Reader™ A100’s capability and consistency were tested and compared against a predicate device. Patient samples were tested side-by-side in the Accu Reader™ A100 and the predicate device with human stool samples reconstituted in buffer. The machines processed these samples screening for human hemoglobin in the stools, and the Accu Reader™ A100 has shown to be well in agreement regarding its sensitivity to hemoglobin relative to the predicate device.

Table 12: Number of clinical fecal samples tested during clinical method comparison study of Accu-Reader A100   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Study Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Clinical samples tested by site &amp; unique operator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Operator 1+2+3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td></tr></table>

Table 13: Statistical analysis of clinical method comparison study of Accu-Reader™ A100   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Study site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Accu-Reader™ A100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Overall PercentAgreement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Positive PercentAgreement (95% CI)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Negative PercentAgreement (95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OC-AutoMicro FOB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.31%(94.03%~99.54%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.33%(91.15%~99.70%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.27%(90.76%~99.96%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.84%(94.21%~98.90%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5%(90.14%~99.31%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93.22%(91.01%~99.70%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100%(96.23%~100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100%(56.96%~100%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">100%(96.01%~100%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">144</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.67%(96.93~99.43%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.63%(93.51%~99.97%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">98.71%(96.87%~99.76%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">228</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">231</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">147</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">377</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">—</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

The Accu-Reader™ A100’s capability and consistency were tested and compared against a predicate device. Patient samples were tested side-by-side in the Accu-Reader™ A100 and the predicate device with human stool samples reconstituted in buffer. For a total of 377 samples between the results obtained with the device and the predicate, the overall percent agreement (OPA) was $9 8 . 6 7 \%$ $( 9 6 . 9 3 \% - 9 9 . 4 3 \% )$ , with positive percent agreement (PPA) $9 8 . 6 3 \%$ $( 9 3 . 5 1 \% - 9 9 . 9 7 \% )$ , and negative percent agreement (NPA) $9 8 . 7 1 \%$ $9 6 . 8 7 \% - 9 9 . 7 6 \% )$ . As our agreements are above $98 \%$ , the machines processed these samples screening for human hemoglobin in the stools, and the AccuReader™ A100 has shown to be well in agreement regarding its sensitivity to hemoglobin relative to the predicate device.

# Cybersecurity

Hemosure $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accu-Reader™ A100 reader has USB and network capabilities. Data security vulnerability was evaluated and mitigation to risks were incorporated into the device software.

# Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

IEC 61326-1:2005, Electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use – EMC requirements - Part 1: General requirements. Edition 2.0 was published in 2012. It was also tested to the IEC 60601-1-2:2014, Medical electrical equipment –Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance –Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances – Requirements and tests.

Table 14: EMC Testing Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clause</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Harmonics on AC Mains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-3-2:2005+A1+A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voltage Changes, Voltage Fluctuations andFlicker on AC Mains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-3-3:2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mains Terminal Continuous DisturbanceVoltage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC61326-1:2012, IEC 61326-2-6:2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radiated Electromagnetic Field Emission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61326-1:2012, IEC 61326-2-6:2012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrostatic Discharge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-2:2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radio Frequency Electromagnetic Field Immunity Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-3:2006+A1+A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proximity Fields From RF Wireless CommunicationEquipment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-8:2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Frequency Magnetic Field</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-8:2009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrical Fast Transients on AC Power Line, SignalLine and Interconnecting Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-4:2004+A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conducted Disturbances Induced by RF Fields IntoAC Power Line, Signal Line and PatientCoupling Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-5:2005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Surges to AC Power Port, Signal Line andInterconnecting Line</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-6: 2008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Voltage Dips and Interruptions to AC Power Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-11:2004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety Standard For Medical Devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 60601-1:2010+CORR.1(2011)+CORR.2(2013)ANSI/AAMI E 60601 1:2005+A2(R2012)+A1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radiated Electromagnetic Field Emission</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 60601-1-2:2014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

Hemosure Accu-Reader™ A100 does not constitute a new intended use and any differences in technological characteristics are accompanied by information that demonstrates the device is as safe and as effective as the predicate and does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.