July 8, 2022

Tem Innovations GmbH   
David Jacob   
Head of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs, PBM   
Martin-Kollar-Strasse 15   
Munich, Bavaria 81829 DEU

Re: K201440 Trade/Device Name: ROTEM sigma Thromboelastometry System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA Dated: May 29, 2020 Received: June 1, 2020

Dear David Jacob:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Min Wu   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ROTEM sigma Thromboelastometry System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ROTEM sigma thromboelastometry system is a fully integrated and automated in vitro diagnostic system designed to monitor and analyze a patient's coagulation status by measuring the viscoelastic properties of a $3 . 2 \%$ citrated venous or arterial whole blood sample. The ROTEM sigma system is indicated for use with adult patients 21 years and older where a semi-quantitative evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired, in the point of care and laboratory settings.

Coagulation evaluations on the ROTEM sigma instrument, together with the ROTEM sigma complete $+$ hep cartridge, are used to assess peri-operative hemorrhage and/or thrombosis in cardiovascular surgery and liver transplantation. The single use, multichannel cartridge ROTEM sigma complete $+$ hep contains the following assays:

INTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the intrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples.

EXTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the extrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples.

FIBTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the extrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples, after blocking platelet contribution to clot firmness.

HEPTEM C is a sem i-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the intrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples, after inactivating heparin.

Results from the ROTEM sigma should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis; ROTEM sigma results should be considered along with a clinical assessment of the patient's condition and other laboratory tests.

For professional use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(K) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Summary Information

Submitter’s Information:

Tem Innovations GmbH Martin-Kollar-Strasse 15 81829 Munich, Germany

Contact Person:

David Jacob Phone: + 49 89 45 42 95 23 Fax: $+ 4 9 8 9 4 5 4 2 9 5 2 2$ Email: djacob $@$ werfen.com

Preparation Date: Device Trade Names:

7 July 2022

Instrument:

Assay Cartridge:

ROTEM sigma

Regulatory Information:

Common or Usual Name: Classification Name:

Regulatory Class: Product Code: Classification Panel:

Thromboelastometry System   
Multipurpose System for In Vitro Coagulation   
Studies (21 CFR 864.5425)   
Class II   
JPA   
Hematology (81)

Predicate Device:

K083842: ROTEM delta Thromboelastometry System K101533: EX-TEM, FIB-TEM, and AP-TEM for ROTEM delta Thromboelastometry System

# Device Information

Device Description:

The ROTEM sigma is an in vitro diagnostic (IVD) whole blood hemostasis system intended for use in the evaluation of coagulopathies in Point of Care (POC) or laboratory settings. It uses rotational thromboelastometry to provide semiquantitative information about the coagulation state of a blood sample. The ROTEM sigma system records the kinetic changes in a sample of $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood during clot formation, as well as when the sample clot retracts and/or lyses.

Several parameters are measured and reported for this purpose. The graphical presentation reflects the various physiological results, which describe the interaction between coagulation factors and inhibitors, fibrinogen, platelets, and the fibrinolysis system. Additionally, the effect of certain drugs influencing hemostasis, in particular some anticoagulants (e.g. heparin), can be detected.

The ROTEM sigma technology uses rotational thromboelastometry that is based on a fixed cylindrical cup and an oscillating vertical axis.

The axis is supported by a high precision ball bearing and oscillates through an angle of $4 . 7 5 ^ { \circ }$ . The oscillation of the axis is driven by a motor that is connected to the axis via a spring. For the measurement, the channel’s measurement axis engages the plastic pin in the cup of the disposable heated cartridge holding the blood sample.

The oscillation is detected optically via a mirror plate at the upper end of the axis, which reflects the light from a diode light source onto a light sensitive sensor. If no clotting takes place, the pin movement is not restricted. As a clot forms and attaches itself between the pin and cup surfaces, the pin movement becomes increasingly restricted. The result is a balance between the spring tension and the tension of the clot. As the clot becomes firmer, the oscillation amplitude of the axis is reduced.

The ROTEM sigma assays are based on the principle of either

intrinsic coagulation activation with or without the presence of heparin, or   
extrinsic coagulation activation with or without the presence of platelet inhibitors.

Indications for Use / Intended Use:

The ROTEM sigma thromboelastometry system is a fully integrated and automated in vitro diagnostic system designed to monitor and analyze a patient’s coagulation status by measuring the viscoelastic properties of a $3 . 2 \%$ citrated venous or arterial whole blood sample. The ROTEM sigma system is indicated for use with adult patients 21 years and older where a semi-quantitative evaluation of their blood coagulation properties is desired, in the point of care and laboratory settings. Coagulation evaluations on the ROTEM sigma instrument, together with the ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridge, are used to assess peri-operative hemorrhage and/or thrombosis in cardiovascular surgery and liver transplantation.

The single use, multichannel cartridge ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep contains the following assays:

INTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the intrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples.

EXTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the extrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples.

FIBTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the extrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples, after blocking platelet contribution to clot firmness.

HEPTEM C is a semi-quantitative assay used to monitor coagulation via the intrinsic pathway in citrated whole blood samples, after inactivating heparin.

Results from the ROTEM sigma should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis; ROTEM sigma results should be considered along with a clinical assessment of the patient’s condition and other laboratory tests.

For in vitro Diagnostic Use.

For professional use only.

# Comparison to Predicates

The ROTEM sigma thromboelastometry system is compared below to the predicate device, the ROTEM delta thromboelastometry system (K083842, K101533).

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device - System   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceROTEM sigma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceROTEM delta(K083842, K101533)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Fully Integrated Thromboelastometry Instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Technique</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Shear elasticity of a coagulating sample by motion of a pin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Channelsutilized</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Generation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Oscillating pin in a stationary cup</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Signal Transducer</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Optical system with CCD sensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">3.2 % citrated whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement StationTemperature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">37 C ± 1 </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graphical Presentationof Results</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Presents each assay reaction curve and parameters in real time "TEMogram"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cups &amp; Pins</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cups and pins are integrated into assaycartridges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cups and pins need to be installed ininstrument for each test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated sample transfer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual pipetting, electronic pipette</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 2.7 mL sample tube for four assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 μL per assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supply Voltage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110/240 VAc, 60/50 Hz, max. 210 VA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115/230 Vac, 60/50 Hz, max. 350 VA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TemperatureOperating: 18 ° - 30 Storage: 0 °C - 50 °CRelative HumidityOperating: 40 % - 60 %Storage: 20% - 85%•Operable to 3000 m above sea level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TemperatureOperating: 15 ° - 30 Storage: 0 °C - 50 °CRelative Humidity 20 % - 85 %Operable to 2000 m above sea level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reported Parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clotting Time "CT"Amplitude "A(x)" (A5, A10, A20)Maximum Clot Firmness "MCFLysis Index "LI60"Maximum Lysis "ML"</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clotting Time "CT"• Clot Formation Time "CFT" Alpha angle "α"Amplitude "A(x)" (A10, A20)Maximum Clot Firmness "MCF"• Lysis Index "LI(x)" (LI30, LI60)• Maximum Lysis "MLLysis Onset Time "LOT"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROTEM sigma ROTROL N(Level 1 Control)ROTEM sigma ROTROL P(Level 2 Control)•ROTEM sigma System QC cartridge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ROTROL N(Level 1 Control)ROTROL P(Level 2 Control)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTEM EXTEM CFIBTEM CHEPTEM </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INTEMEXTEMFIBTEMAPTEMHEPTEMNATEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All four assays (reagents) providedready-to-use in the single-use ROTEMsigma complete + hep cartridge.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay reagents provided in separate vials.Preparation required to create the desiredassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid or lyophilisate with a diluent(HEPTEM only)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridges containing assay reagents arestored at room temperature. No warmuprequired.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay reagents require refrigeration,5-15 min warmup required (depending onroom temperature).</td></tr></table>

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device - Assays   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceROTEM sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceROTEM delta(K083842/K101533)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intrinsic coagulation activationRecalcification of a sampleActivation of the intrinsic coagulation pathway</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CaCl2Ellagic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Extrinsic coagulation activationRecalcification of a sampleActivation of the extrinsic coagulation pathway</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CaCl2Recombinant Tissue FactorHeparin Inhibitor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FIBTEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Extrinsic coagulation activation in the presence of platelet inhibitorsRecalcification of a sampleActivation of the extrinsic pathwayIn vitro inhibition of platelets</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>• CaCl2Recombinant Tissue FactorHeparin InhibitorPlatelet Inhibitors</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPTEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intrinsic coagulation activation in the presence of heparinRecalcification of a sampleActivation of the intrinsic coagulation pathwayIn vitro inactivation of heparin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activation Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CaCl2Ellagic AcidHeparin Inhibitor</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

The ROTEM sigma system was tested to the following Electrical Safety and EMC standards: IEC 61010- 1:2010, AMD1:2016, IEC 61010-2-010:2014, IEC 61010-2-101:2015, IEC 61326-1:2012, IEC 61326-2-6: 2012, and 47 CFR 15 Subpart B:2018. The ROTEM sigma has also been tested to and passes the limits of IEC 60601-1-2:2014.

# Precision

An internal precision study was performed on three (3) lots of ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridges using whole blood (normal, contrived hypocoagulable, contrived hypercoagulable) and three (3) lots each of the controls ROTEM sigma ROTROL N and ROTEM sigma ROTROL P. The control study was run in duplicate, twice a day for twenty (20) days, for a total of eighty (80) replicates per control. The whole blood study was run in triplicate in one (1) day on five (5) ROTEM sigma instruments, for a total of fifteen (15) replicates per sample type. The highest $\%$ CV of the three (3) lots for the parameters CT, A5, A10, A20, and MCF are summarized below.

# Precision Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ROTROL N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ROTROL P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ContrivedHypocoagulablePSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ContrivedHypercoagulableSamples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Laboratory)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Laboratory)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Laboratory)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Laboratory)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV(Within-Laboratory)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF* (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF* (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF* (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF* (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr></table>

\* While the whole blood study used MCF, the controls study used as time point 30 minutes after CT because ROTROL controls reach maximum amplitude (MCF) by that time.

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision (Cont.)

A second precision study was performed to support the precision of the lysis parameters. This study was performed on three (3) lots of ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridges using normal whole blood and abnormal hyperfibrinolysis blood. The study was run on five (5) ROTEM sigma instruments with three (3) replicates/instrument, for a total of fifteen (15) replicates per sample type and cartridge lot. The highest SD and/or $\%$ CV of the three (3) lots for the parameters LI60 and ML are summarized below.

# Lysis Precision Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NormalWhole BloodWithin-Laboratory%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbnormalHyperfibrinolysisBloodWithin-LaboratorySD</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NormalWhole BloodWithin-LaboratorySD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbnormalHyperfibrinolysisBloodWithin-Laboratory%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr></table>

\* calculated at 60 minutes after CT

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Precision (Cont.)

A third precision study was performed to support the precision of the lot-to-lot variability. This study was performed on three (3) lots of the ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridges using normal donor whole blood. The study was run in triplicate, twice a day for five (5) days, for a total of thirty (30) replicates per cartridge lot. The results are summarized below.

Lot-to-Lot Variability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

\* calculated at 60 minutes after CT

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility studies were performed at three (3) external clinical sites on one (1) lot of ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridges using four (4) ROTEM sigma instruments per site and three (3) lots each of the controls ROTEM sigma ROTROL N and ROTEM sigma ROTROL P. The study was run in triplicate twice a day for five (5) days, for a total of thirty (30) replicates per control. The pooled data from three (3) external sites for all sites together and each individual site are presented below.

Reproducibility Summary - All Sites - ROTROL N   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>344.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>269*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

\* No FIBTEM data provided for one sample.

Reproducibility Summary - All Sites - ROTROL P   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility (Cont.)

Reproducibility Summary - Site 1 - ROTROL N   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Summary - Site 1 - ROTROL P   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>365.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility (Cont.)

Reproducibility Summary - Site 2 - ROTROL N   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>333.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility Summary Site 2 - ROTROL P   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>368.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>374.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reproducibility (Cont.)

Reproducibility Summary - Site 3 - ROTROL N   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>343.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr></table>

\* No FIBTEM data provided for one sample.

Reproducibility Summary Site 3 - ROTROL P   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Control Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Control Lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>357.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Interference

An interference study was performed using normal and hypocoagulable whole blood samples to determine the impact of interferents UF Heparin, LMW Heparin, Tranexamic Acid, ε-Aminocaproic Acid, Acetylsalicylic Acid (Aspirin), and Ticagrelor on the INTEM C, EXTEM C, FIBTEM C, and HEPTEM C assays. For each interferent, testing was performed with eight (8) replicates at three (3) interferent levels (Baseline, Claim, and Greater than Claim) for a total of twenty-four (24) replicates for each blood sample type. Because of its sensitivity to heparin, INTEM C was not tested for heparin interference. Another interference study was performed using normal whole blood samples to determine the impact of lupus anticoagulant on the same assays. This testing was performed with eleven (11) donors, each run on three (3) instruments with one (1) replicate per instrument. Testing confirmed no interference for INTEM C, EXTEM C, FIBTEM C, and HEPTEM C on the ROTEM sigma up to the following concentrations:

Interference Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UF Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMW Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tranexamic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ε-AminocaproicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 μg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ticagrelor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1881 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1881 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1881 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1881 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LupusAnticoagulant(dRVVT Screen/Confirm Ratio)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Reference Intervals

A total of one hundred twenty (120) whole blood samples from healthy donors were analyzed on the ROTEM sigma using ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridges. The nonparametric, $9 5 \%$ reference interval along with two-sided, $90 \%$ confidence intervals around each limit were calculated.

Reference Intervals Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter\Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>139 - 205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51 - 73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141 - 215</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 - 54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 - 52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 - 16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 - 51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46 - 63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 - 62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 - 17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44 - 61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 - 68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 - 69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 - 18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52 - 67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55 - 70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57 - 72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 - 19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 - 69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94 - 100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 - 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

\* calculated at 60 minutes after CT

# Reportable Ranges

The reportable ranges for the ROTEM sigma assays are based on the data of the method comparison and precision studies and presented below.

Reportable Ranges   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter\Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123-365</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45-172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122-376</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13-69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16-74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21-78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23-81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

\* calculated at 60 minutes after CT

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Method Comparison

A method comparison study was conducted at four (4) clinical sites comparing the ROTEM sigma to the predicate device, the ROTEM delta (K083842, K101533), using $3 . 2 \%$ citrated venous or arterial whole blood patient samples from the intended use populations and contrived samples.

The results for ROTEM sigma with ROTEM sigma complete $^ +$ hep cartridges versus the ROTEM delta are presented below.

# Method Comparison Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.845</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.977</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.780</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.953</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.966</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.973</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.977</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML* (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.982</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.920</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.921</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.923</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.926</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.484</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.940</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.947</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.959</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF(mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.966</td></tr></table>

\* calculated at 60 minutes after CT

# Performance Summary (Cont.)

# Arterial vs. Venous Study

A matrix comparison study using seventy-four (74) matched venous and arterial citrated whole blood samples was performed at two (2) external clinical sites to evaluate the difference in test results for venous and arterial blood on the EXTEM C, INTEM C, FIBTEM C, and HEPTEM C assays. The summary results for the pooled data are presented in the table below.

Arterial vs. Venous Study Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VenousMean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ArterialMean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanDifference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% ConfidenceInterval</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=10 colspan=1>INTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>449.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7% Lysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% Lysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0% Lysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>EXTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LI60 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ML (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2% Lysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0% Lysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4% Lysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FIBTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HEPTEM C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CT (s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>185.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A5 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A10 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A20 (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCF (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

1 Mean difference is calculated from Bland-Altman plot. 2 Outlier suppressed.

# Conclusion

The technological and functional characteristics of the new ROTEM sigma system as described above are substantially equivalent to those of the predicate device (ROTEM delta, K083842/K101533).

The analytical and clinical study results demonstrate that the ROTEM sigma is safe and effective for its intended purpose and equivalent in performance to the predicate device (ROTEM delta, K083842/ K101533).