October 2, 2020

Scopio Labs LTD.   
$\%$ Yarmela Pavlovic   
Regulatory Counsel   
Manatt Health   
1 Embarcadero Center, $3 0 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Floor San Francisco, California 94111

Re: K201301 Trade/Device Name: X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS) Application Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5260 Regulation Name: Automated Cell-Locating Device Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JOY Dated: May 15, 2020 Received: May 15, 2020

Dear Yarmela Pavlovic:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K201301

Device Name X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS) Application

Indications for Use (Describe)

The X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application is intended to locate and display images of white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears and assists a qualified technologist in conducting a WBC differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet estimate using those images. For in vitro diagnostic use only. For professional use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Transforming Diagnostics Driving Hematology Forward

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Premarket Notification Summary is prepared in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. Submitter Information

Sponsor Name:

Scopio Labs Ltd.

Sponsor Address:

Scopio Labs Ltd. 11 Tiomkin Street Tel Aviv 6578313 Israel

Sponsor Email:

info@scopiolabs.com

Contact Person:

Shahar Karny   
Director of Clinical AI   
Scopio Labs   
shahar@scopiolabs.com   
+972-54-6542164

Contact Email: Contact Telephone:

Date Summary Prepared: May 5, 2020

# II. Device

Trade (Proprietary) Name:

X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear   
Application   
Full Field PBS, Scopio   
21CFR864.5260   
Automated cell-locating device   
II   
JOY   
Hematology   
Common (Usual) Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Regulation Name:   
Regulatory Class:   
Product Code:   
Product Panel:

# III. Predicate Device

Predicate A Device Name: Device 510(k): Manufacturer

EasyCell Cell Locator k092116 Medica Corporation

Predicate B Device Name:

Device 510(k):

Romanowsky stain manual light microscope process for cell classification 21CFR 864.3600 Class I exempted from premarket notification procedure

# Transforming Diagnostics Driving Hematology Forward

# IV. Device Description

X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application (Scopio’s Full Field PBS) automatically locates and presents high resolution digital images from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears.

The user browses through the imaged smear to gain high-level general impressions of the sample.

In conducting white blood cells (WBC) differential, the user reviews the suggested classification of each automatically detected WBC, and may manually change the suggested classification of any cell.

In conducting red blood cells (RBC) morphology evaluation, the user can characterize RBC morphology on observed images.

In conducting platelets estimation, the user reviews each automatically detected platelet and the suggested platelet estimation, and may manually change the detections or the estimation.

The X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application is intended to be used by skilled users, trained in the use of the device and in the identification of blood cells.

# V. Intended Use

The X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application is intended to locate and display images of white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears and assists a qualified technologist in conducting a WBC differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet estimate using those images. For in vitro diagnostic use only. For professional use only.

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Devices

The X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application is substantially equivalent to its predicate devices, the EasyCell (K092116), and the manual light microscope. The subject device has the same intended use as the predicates in that all devices are intended to assist a qualified user in conducting evaluations of white blood cells, red blood cells and platelets within a fixed and stained peripheral blood smear. Additionally, the devices are also substantially equivalent with respect to technological characteristics. While the specific information provided by the subject device varies somewhat compared to the predicates, in the case of all devices the information provided must be interpreted and confirmed or adjusted by the trained user. Thus, these differences do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate devices are summarized in Table 1 below.

# Transforming Diagnostics Driving Hematology Forward

Table 1 Comparison of Characteristics with the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual lightmicroscopic process</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyCellk092116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full Field PBS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to locate anddisplay images of whitecells, red cells, andplatelets acquired fromfixed and stainedperipheral blood smears.For in vitro diagnosticuse only. Forprofessional use only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to locate and displayimages of white cells, red cells,and platelets acquired from fixedand stained peripheral bloodsmears and assists a qualifiedtechnologist in conducting aWBC differential, RBCmorphology evaluation, andplatelet estimate using thoseimages. For in vitro diagnosticuse only. For professional useonly.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as for EasyCell</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stained blood film glassslides of peripheralwhole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Romanowsky stain</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Technique:White Blood Cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC are manuallylocated, classified andcounted by movingaccording to thebattlement pattern(ensuring that each cellis counted only once).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC are located/counted bymoving according to thebattlement pattern (ensuring thateach cell is counted only once).Cell images are analysed usingstandard mathematical methods,including deterministic artificialneural networks (ANN&#x27;s) trainedto distinguish between classes ofwhite blood cells. The cellimages are pre-classified, and theuser reviews the suggestedclassification, and accepts orreclassifies the images.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as for EasyCell</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Technique:Red Blood Cells</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red blood cells: Thedevice presents anoverview image. Theexaminers characterizered blood cellmorphology from theimage.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily QC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QC procedure controls forslide preparation (both smearingand staining) and EasyCellperformance. If the QCprocedure does not pass, theoperator must resolve theproblem and rerun the QC beforeprocessing samples.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as for EasyCell</td></tr></table>

Transforming Diagnostics Driving Hematology Forward   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual lightmicroscopic process</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyCellk092116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Full Field PBS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis Technique:Platelets</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelets are manuallylocated and estimated bymoving according to thebattlement pattern(ensuring that each cellis counted only once).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The device presents a series ofimages. The reviewers manuallycount and estimate the plateletconcentration from the imagesaccording to a procedure in theUser&#x27;s Manual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelets are automaticallylocated/counted by movingaccording to the battlementpattern (ensuring that each cellis counted only once).The user reviews the suggestedestimate of the plateletconcentration, and accepts ormodifies the result.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pre-classified WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell images are grouped intoeight (8) categories:Neutrophils (Band orSegmentedLymphocytesMonocytesEosinophilsBasophilsNucleated Red Blood CellsSmudge cellsOther (which is intended tohold morphologicallyabnormal cells.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell images are grouped intoeighteen (18) categories:Band NeutrophilsSegmented NeutrophilsLymphocytesAtypical LymphocytesLarge GranularLymphocytesAberrant LymphocytesMonocytesEosinophilsBasophilsPromyelocyteMetamyelocytesMyelocytesBlastsPlasma CellsNucleated Red Blood CellsUnclassifiedSmudge cells•  Dirt</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High-ResolutionImage Acquisition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual image viewingthrough a 100Xmagnification lens andimmersion oil.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automated scan and imageacquisition.Captures images at 10Xresolution to locate certain cellsand then capture images of thosecells using a 100X magnificationlens and immersion oil.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully automated scan and imageacquisition.Captures multiple images underplurality of illuminationconditions and reconstructs a100X magnification image ofthe viewed area, without theneed for immersion oil.</td></tr></table>

# VII. Performance Data

# Method Comparison

A Method Comparison was conducted to compare the results achieved by trained examiners using the X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application (the Test Method) to the results achieved by using a manual light microscope.

A total of 645 specimens were collected and analyzed at three sites. 335 specimens were from normal (healthy) subjects and 310 were from subjects with specific disease conditions. Slides were prepared from each specimen. The slides were randomly selected, blinded and read by two examiners at each site.

White Blood Cells

# Table 2 WBC Correlation between Reference Method and Test Method

Results from Deming regression analyses on readings between subject device and manual microscope are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neutrophil (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monocyte (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eosinophil (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr></table>

# Table 3 WBC differential efficiency, sensitivity and specificity.

Measurements of distributional WBC (Band and Segmented Neutrophil, Monocyte, Lymphocyte and Eosinophil) and morphological WBC (Immature Granulocyte, Variant Forms Lymphocyte, Blast, NRBC and Plasma cell) between subject and manual microscope. In parenthesis are the calculated $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MorphologicalAbnormality</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DistributionalAbnormality</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efficiency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.82%(96.12% to 97.43%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.75%(94.95% to 96.46%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.29%(95.77% to 96.76%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.46%(80.19% to 89.78%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.83%(85.94% to 91.31%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.86%(85.38% to 90.06%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.79%(97.16% to 98.31%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.43%(96.70% to 98.03%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.62%(97.16% to 98.02%)</td></tr></table>

Red Blood Cells

# Table 4 Red Blood Cells Morphology Evaluation

Results of overall agreement for RBC morphology evaluation are as follows:

<table><tr><td>RBC Morphology</td><td>Overall Agreement with 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td>Overall</td><td>99.77% (99.71% to 99.83%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC Morphology Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall Agreement with 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.49%(99.14% to 99.73%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shape</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.77%(99.68% to 99.84%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.61%(99.36% to 99.78%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Inclusions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%(99.93% to 100.00%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arrangement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.65%(95.52% to 97.57%)</td></tr></table>

# Platelets

# Table 5 Platelet estimation correlation between reference method and test method

Results from Deming regression analyses on readings with subject and manual microscope are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cell Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (r)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlateletsEstimation(103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.31</td></tr></table>

Table 6 Platelet estimation efficiency, sensitivity and specificity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efficiency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.89%(92.78% to 96.53%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.00%(83.51% to 94.57%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.28%(94.11% to 97.82%)</td></tr></table>

All method comparison testing met acceptance criteria.

# Precision (Repeatability & Reproducibility)

Repeatability

The repeatability study was performed according to the CLSI’s EP05-A3 Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Third Edition.

A $2 0 \mathbf { x } 2 \mathbf { x } 2$ repeatability study for the analyses of white blood cells differential and platelets estimation was conducted using a single instrument at a single site with 15 selected test samples. Over the course of 20 testing days, 2 daily runs were performed using 2 replicas. The selected samples represented different clinical conditions, to include all automatically located and pre-classified cell types. In total, 1,200 scans were analyzed.

For each tested sample, SD and $\% \mathrm { C V }$ were estimated for the four variance components: repeatability, between-run (within-day), between-day and within-laboratory. The results met the predefined acceptance criteria.

# Reproducibility

The reproducibility study was performed according to the CLSI’s EP05-A3 Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline—Third Edition.

A $3 \mathrm { x } 5 \mathrm { x } 5$ reproducibility study for the analyses of white blood cells differential and platelets estimation was performed across 3 different sites. The study was conducted at each site, with 10 test samples, for 5 testing days, using 5 replicas scanned with the local device. The selected samples represented different clinical conditions, to include all automatically located and pre-classified cell types. In total, 750 scans were analyzed.

For each tested sample, SD and $\% \mathrm { C V }$ were estimated for the five variance components: repeatability, between day (within-site), within-laboratory, between site, and reproducibility. The results met the predefined acceptance criteria.

# Transforming Diagnostics Driving Hematology Forward

# Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA’s guidance. The software application was considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since a malfunction failure or latent design flaw in the software could lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery of appropriate medical care that could lead to a minor injury.

# VIII. Conclusion

Study results demonstrated that X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear Application is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.