December 29, 2021

Accriva Diagnostics, Inc. Brian James Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs 6260 Sequence Drive San Diego, California 92121

Re: K202101 Trade/Device Name: GEM Hemochron 100 System, GEM Hemochron 100 Activated Clotting Time Plus Test $( \mathrm { A C T ^ { + } } )$ , GEM Hemochron 100 Low Range Activated Clotting Time Test (ACT-LR), directCHECK ACT $^ +$ Whole Blood Control, Level 1 and Level 2, directCHECK ACT-LR Whole Blood Control, Level 1 and Level 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA, JBP, GGN Dated: July 28, 2020 Received: July 29, 2020

Dear Brian James:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Acting Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) K202101

Device Name   
GEM Hemochron 100 System, GEM Hemochron 100 Activated Clotting Time Plus Test ( $( \mathsf { A C T } + )$ , GEM Hemochron 100 Low Range Activated Clotting Time Test (ACT-LR). directCHECK ACT+ Whole Blood Controls, Level I and Level 2, directCHECK ACT-LR Whole Blood Controls. Level I and Level 2

The GEMB HemochronTM 100 System is a battery-operated portable instrument that performs individual in vitro quantitative coagulation tests on fresh whole blood. The system is intended to be used with test cartridges available from the manufacturer and include tests for Activated Clotting Time $( \mathbf { A C T + } )$ and Low Range Activated Clotting Time (ACT LR). The system is intended for use only in point-of-care settings for patients aged 18 years and above

The GEM $\otimes$ HemochronTM $1 0 0 \mathrm { \ A C T ^ { + } }$ (Activated Clotting Time Plus) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with moderate to high unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during cardiovascular surgery and cardiac ablation procedures. The $\mathbf { G E M \otimes }$ HemochronTM $1 0 0 \mathrm { \ A C T ^ { + } }$ demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations of 1.0 to 6.0 units/mL

The GEM $\otimes$ HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR (Low Range Activated Clotting Time) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with low to moderate unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during extracorporeal life support and cardiology procedures. The GEM $\otimes$ HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR test demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations up to 2.5 units/mL

For in vitro diagnostic use. For Professional Use, Rx Only.

GEM Hemochron 100 Activated Clotting Time Plus Test $( \mathbf { A C T + } )$ :

The GEM $\otimes$ HemochronTM $1 0 0 \mathbf { A C T } +$ (Activated Clotting Time Plus) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with moderate to high unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during cardiovascular surgery and cardiac ablation procedures. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations of 1.0 to 6.0 units/mL

The GEM $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ HemochronTM $1 0 0 \mathbf { A C T } +$ test can be performed on the GEM® HemochronTM 100 System and any model of HemochronTM Signature Series device. Each instrument is portable, which allows testing at the pont-of-care. For in vitro diagnostic use.

For Professional Use, Rx Only

GEM Hemochron 100 Low Range Activated Clotting Time Test (ACT-LR):

The GEM $\pmb { \mathbb { R } }$ HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR (Low Range Activated Clotting Time) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with low to moderate unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during extracorporeal life support and cardiology procedures The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR test demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation etfects of UFH concentrations up to 2.5 units/mL.

The GEM Hemochron 100 ACT-LR test can be performed on the GEM® HemochronTM 100 sy stem and any model of HemochronTM Signature Series device. Instruments are portable, which allows testing at the point-of-care. For in vitro diagnostic use

For Professional Use, Rx Only

Type of Use (Select one or both. as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR B01 Subpart C)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELoW

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of infomation. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this infomation collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a curently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. This is a Traditional 510(k)

# 1. Sponsor/Application Information and Date [807.92(A)(1)]

Owner/Manufacturer Name and Address:

Accriva Diagnostics, Inc.   
6260 Sequence Drive   
San Diego, CA 92121   
FEI Number: 2250033   
Establishment Registration Number: 3002721930

Submitter Name and Address:

Accriva Diagnostics, Inc.   
6260 Sequence Drive   
San Diego, CA 92121   
FEI Number: 2250033   
Establishment Registration Number: 3002721930

# Contact Person:

Brian James   
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs Accriva Diagnostics, Inc.   
(858) 263-2350   
bjames@ilww.com

Application Correspondent:

Brian James   
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs Accriva Diagnostics, Inc.   
(858) 263-2350   
bjames@ilww.com

Date Summary Prepared:

# 2. Device Name and Classification [807.92 (A)(2)]

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronTM 100System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoagulationAnalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipurpose system for invitro coagulation studies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.5425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronT 100Activated Clotting TimePlus Test (ACT+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT Whole BloodClotting Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activated whole bloodclotting time tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.7140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JBP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronTM 100Low Range ActivatedClotting Time Test (ACT-LR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACT Whole BloodClotting Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Activated whole bloodclotting time tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II21 CFR 864.7140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JBP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>directCHECKTM ACT+Whole Blood Controls,Level 1 and Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlasmaCoagulationControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipurpose system for invitro coagulation studies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II (exempt)21 CFR 864.5425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GGN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>directCHECKTM ACT-LRWhole Blood Controls,Level 1 and Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PlasmaCoagulationControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipurpose system for invitro coagulation studies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II (exempt)21 CFR 864.5425</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GGN</td></tr></table>

3. Identification of Legally Marketed Predicate Device [807.92(A)(3)]   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate 510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronT™M 100 System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemochronTM Signature EliteMicrocoagulation System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K193041</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronTM 100Activated Clotting Time Plus Test(ACT+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemochron™M Activated ClottingTime Plus (ACT+) Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K941007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronTM 100 LowRange Activated Clotting TimeTest (ACT-LR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemochron™ Low Range ActivatedClotting Time (ACT-LR) Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K960749</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>directCHECK™M ACT+ WholeBlood Controls, Level 1 andLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>directCHECKTM Control forHemochron Jr. MicrocoagulationSystems ACT+ and ACT-LR cuvettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K120977</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>directCHECKTM ACT-LR WholeBlood Controls, Level 1 andLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>directCHECKTM Control forHemochron Jr. MicrocoagulationSystems ACT+ and ACT-LR cuvettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K120977</td></tr></table>

4. Device Description [807.92 (A)(4)]   

<table><tr><td>Trade Name GEM® HemochronTM 100</td><td>Device Description The GEM® HemochronTM 100 system is a battery-operated, point-of-care coagulation</td></tr><tr><td>System</td><td>analyzer that represents the next generation platform of the predicate HemochronTM Signature Elite microcoagulation system. The analyzer employs the same fundamental opto-mechanical clot detection technology and the same analytical algorithms used by the predicate device for calculating test results. The single-use test cartridges for Activated Whole Blood Clotting Time Plus (ACT+) or Low Range ACT (ACT-LR) assays are identical to the cartridges used by the predicate analyzer. Whole Blood Controls used on the GEM® HemochronTM 100 system are identical to those used on the HemochronTM Signature Elite. The system is intended for use only in clinical settings requiring point of care testing. ACT results for patient blood samples or liquid control material are displayed as ACT Celite-equivalent values (CEV) in seconds. The analyzer contains a test chamber which warms a test cartridge to the required temperature, and it performs all operations to measure the clotting time of a whole blood sample after it is placed in the test cartridge and the test is started by the operator. The user interface includes a color touch screen that displays various action keys and an external barcode scanner for reading Operator identification number (OID), Patient identification (PID) number and lot numbers and expiry dates of liquid quality controls (QC). The operator uses the touch screen to select a command, set software configurations or enter information. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 system is POCT1-A2 compliant and has Wi-Fi and Ethernet networking capability. It has increased storage for 10,000 patient and QC records. ACT+ and ACT-LR cartridge labels are modified to include a 2D barcode that identifies test type, lot number and expiry date, which is readable by the internal camera. Quality control features such as designation of QC levels, tagging of test results with date and time, and entry of OID and PID numbers are included and are similar to the predicate device. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 system is intended for use at the point of care professional healthcare environments such as the Cardiovascular Operating Room and Catheterization lab and is designed to perform its essential tasks of performing in-vitro diagnostic blood</td></tr></table>

Information Systems (LIS/HIS) by the clinical operators at the point of care. Test results are used directly at the point of care in aiding medical decision making, and the device’s intended use is not reliant on the device’s ability to transmit the information to the LIS/HIS.

This instrument complies with the requirements of FCC Part 15 Subpart B, Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED) ICES-003, and EN 61326-1:2013 as shown below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCC ID:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2AQV3-GEM100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IC Certificate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24216-GEM100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM Hemochron 100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Model(s):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equipment Type:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wireless Handheld Hemochron</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Portable Transmitter Handheld Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TX Frequency Range:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24122462 MHz; 51805320 MHz; 55005700 MHz; 5745-5825 MHz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Frequency Tolerance:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±2.5 ppm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximum RF Output:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2450 MHz (b) −15.50 dB, 2450 MHz (g) - 19.00 dB, 2450MHz (n) − 21.50 dB,5250 MHz (a) − 16.00 dB, 5250 MHz (n) − 16.00 dB, 5600MHz (a) − 17.50 dB,5600 MHz (n) − 17.50 dB, 5800 MHz (a) − 17.00 dB, 5800MHz (n) - 17.00 dB Conducted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Signal Modulation:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DSSS, OFDM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antenna Type:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal; PIFA Antenna</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCC Rule Parts:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Part 2, 15C, 15E</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KDB Test Methodology:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KDB 447498 D01 v06, KDB 248227 v02r02, KDB 616217D04 v01r02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Industry Canada:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RSS-102 Issue 5, Safety Code 6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximum SAR Value:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02 W/kg Reported 10 Gram Average</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maximum SimultaneousSAR:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45 W/kg Reported 10 Gram Average</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separation Distance:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 mm</td></tr></table>

The GEM Hemochron 100 utilizes the following list of wireless technologies:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Band</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3GPPNominalPowerdBm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SetpointNominalPowerdBm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TolerancedBm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowerTolerancedBm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UpperTolerancedBm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WLAN-2.4 GHz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>802.11b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WLAN -2.4 GHz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>802.11g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WLAN -2.4 GHz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>802.11n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WLAN-5 GHzBand I,IIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>802.11a(3656)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>±2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN5 GHzBand IIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11a(6064)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN5 GHzBand I,IIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11n(3656)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN -5 GHzBand IIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11n(6064)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN -5 GHzBand IIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN-5 GHzBand IIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.5</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN -5 GHzBand III</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11a</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.0</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WLAN-5 GHzBand  I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">802.11n</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">±2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="8" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM®HemochronTM100 ActivatedClotting TimePlus Test(ACT+)</td><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ cartridges are single-use disposable test devices with a wellfor application of liquid QC and whole blood samples. When a liquid QC or patient test isrequested, the instrument prompts the Operator to insert a cartridge into the instrument. Afterthe instrument warms the cartridge, it prompts the Operator to apply the sample into thesample well of the cartridge.The ACT+ test cartridge is a self-contained disposable test chamber preloaded with a driedpreparation of silica, kaolin, phospholipid, stabilizers, and buffers that provide maximumactivation as defined by clinical practice guidelines. Each cartridge is sealed in a foil pouchlabeled with lot number and expiry date.Reagents in GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ cartridges (000GACT+) are identical incomposition to those in the predicate HemochronTM ACT+ cuvettes (JACT-LR). A 2Dbarcode added to the cartridge label identifies the test type, lot number and expiry date. Thisinformation is automatically read by the internal camera.Each box of GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ cartridges contain 45 pouches, each pouchcontaining one GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ cartridge and one desiccant packet.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM ®HemochronTM100 Low RangeActivatedClotting Time</td><td colspan="8" rowspan="1">GEM® HemochronTM cartridges are single-use disposable test devices with wells forapplication of samples. When a patient test or an LQC test is requested, the instrumentprompts the Operator to insert a cartridge into the instrument. After the instrument warms thecartridge, it prompts the Operator to apply the sample into the sample well of the cartridge.Each GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR cartridge is sealed in a foil pouch labeled with lot</td></tr><tr><td>Test (ACT-LR)</td><td>number and expiry date. The cartridge is a self-contained disposable test chamber preloaded with a dried preparation of Celite and silicon dioxide activators, potato dextrin, stabilizers, and buffers to provide maximum activation as defined by clinical practice guidelines. Reagents in GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR cartridges (000GACT-LR) are identical in composition to those in the predicate HemochronTM ACT-LR cuvettes (JACT-LR). A 2D barcode added to the cartridge label identifies the test type, lot number and expiry date. This information is automatically read by a new internal camera. Each box of GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR cartridges contain 45 pouches, each pouch containing one GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR cartridge and one desiccant.</td></tr><tr><td>directCHECKTM Whole Blood Quality Controls, Level 1 and Level 2</td><td>Blood coagulation instruments and assays should be quality controlled prior to and during routine use. Performance ranges are provided with each control product against which users should compare results. Quality assurance programs include instrument service, quality control and complete performance records. directCHECKTM Quality Control products are to be used with Hemochron Systems (GEM® HemochronTM 100 and HemochronTM Signature Series). Level 1 and Level 2 QC products are provided in separate packaging. These preparations consist of dried fixed bovine red blood cells, rabbit cephalin, buffered sheep and horse plasma. Assayed clotting time values are provided with each lot of material. Each control preparation is provided in a dropper vial. Each dropper vial also contains diluent</td></tr></table>

# 5. Intended Use [807.92(A)(5)]

<table><tr><td>Trade Name</td><td>Intended Use/Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>GEM® HemochronTM 100 System</td><td>The GEM® HemochronTM 100 System is a battery-operated portable instrument that performs individual in vitro quantitative coagulation tests on fresh whole blood. The system is intended to be used with test cartridges available from the manufacturer and include tests for Activated Clotting Time (ACT+) and Low Range Activated Clotting Time (ACT-LR). The system is intended for use only in point-of-care settings for patients aged 18 years and above. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ (Activated Clotting Time Plus) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with moderate to high unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring</td></tr><tr><td>GEM® HemochronTM 100 Activated Clotting Time Plus Test (ACT+)</td><td>The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR (Low Range Activated Clotting Time) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with low to moderate unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during extracorporeal life support and cardiology procedures. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR test demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations up to 2.5 units/mL. For in vitro diagnostic use. For Professional Use, Rx Only. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ (Activated Clotting Time Plus) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with moderate to high unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during cardiovascular surgery and cardiac ablation procedures. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations of 1.0 to 6.0 units/mL.</td></tr><tr><td>GEM® HemochronTM 100 Low Range Activated Clotting Time Test (ACT- LR)</td><td>Professional Use, Rx Only. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR (Low Range Activated Clotting Time) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with low to moderate unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during extracorporeal life support and cardiology procedures. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR test demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations up to 2.5 units/mL. The GEM Hemochron 100 ACT-LR test can be performed on the GEM® HemochronTM 100 system and any model of HemochronTM Signature Series device. Instruments are</td></tr><tr><td>directCHECKTM Whole Blood Quality Controls, Level 1 and Level 2</td><td>Professional Use, Rx Only. The directCHECKTM Whole Blood Quality Controls are dried whole blood preparations which have been assayed and are intended to be used to perform quality control assays using the HemochronTM test cartridges. For in vitro Diagnostic Use. For Professional Use, Rx Only.</td></tr></table>

# 6. Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate [807.92 (A)(6)]

The following is a description of the similarities and differences between the predicate device; the currently marketed Hemochron™ Signature Elite (K193041), compared to the subject device, $\mathbf { G E M ^ { \scriptscriptstyle ( \mathrm { B } ) } }$ Hemochron™ 100 System, to demonstrate substantial equivalence.

# 6.1. GEM® Hemochron™ 100

<table><tr><td>Instrument Characteristics (Predicate Device  K193041)</td><td>6.1. GEM- Hemocnron1M T00 HemochronTM Signature Elite</td><td>GEM® HemochronTM 100 System</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Similarities The HemochronTM Signature Elite Whole Blood Microcoagulation System is a battery- operated, hand-held instrument that performs individual point-of-care coagulation tests on fresh or citrated whole blood. These tests include: Activated Clotting Time (ACT+ and ACT-LR), Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (APTT and APTT Citrate), and Prothrombin Time (PT and PT Citrate). The</td><td>(Subject Device) Substantially Equivalent The GEM® HemochronTM 100 System is a battery-operated portable instrument that performs individual in vitro quantitative coagulation tests on fresh whole blood. The system is intended to be used with test cartridges available from the manufacturer and include tests for Activated Clotting Time (ACT+) and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>For in vitro diagnostic use. For Professional Use, Rx Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Assays Used Activated Clotting Time</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td>(ACT+ and ACT-LR) Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (APTT</td><td>Activated Clotting Time</td></tr><tr><td>and APTT Citrate)</td><td>(ACT+ and ACT-LR) only</td></tr><tr><td>Prothrombin Time (PT and citrate-PT)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Fresh Whole Blood</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Type</td><td>Citrated Whole Blood</td><td>Fresh Whole Blood only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Reagents</td><td>Supplied in self-contained disposable cuvettes</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>(cuvettes)</td><td>Supplied in self-contained disposable cartridges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Reported Results</td><td>Celite ACT Equivalent Time - ACT+ and ACT-LR</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>PT, citrate-PT (INR)</td><td>ACT Celite-equivalent value (CEV) in seconds ACT+ and ACT-LR</td></tr><tr><td>Whole Blood Values  APTT, citrate-APTT, PT, citrate-PT</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Plasma Equivalent (PE) Values - APTT, citrate-APTT, PT, citrate-PT</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Results Timing Range</td><td>≤10% C.V. for whole blood samples Displayed on LCD screen</td><td>Substantially Equivalent Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>0 seconds to 1005 seconds</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Operating Environment</td><td>15° to 30°</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>15° to 30°</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>Clot Detection Method Liquid QC</td><td>Mechanical-optical clot detection</td><td> Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>Requirement Electronic</td><td>Two levels  performed as directed</td><td> Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>QC Requirement</td><td>Internal electronic QC</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Heater temperature control Power</td><td>Thermistor  modulated by software</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td>Battery or AC operated</td><td>Substantially Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Differences</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Operating System IA188EBP Software Version 2.4</td><td>Android 7.1 (Nougat)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Dimensions and weight</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1.1</td></tr><tr><td>Depth 9.4 cm (3.7 inches)</td><td>Width 10.2 cm (4.0 inches)</td></tr><tr><td>Width 19 cm (7.5 inches)</td><td>Length 19 cm (7.4 inches)</td></tr><tr><td>Height 5 cm (2.0 inches) Weight 0.53 kg (1.2 pounds)</td><td>Depth 5 cm (2.0 inches) Weight 0.68 kg (1.5 pounds)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC Connectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS-232 and Ethernet ports; POCT1-A2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wi-Fi and Ethernet ports; POCT1-A2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data StorageCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16- alphanumeric character OID / 20-character PID; 600 QC and test records</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32- alphanumeric character OID / 32-characterPID; 10,000 QC and test records</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical DetectionSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Internal camera</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Keypad and barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen and barcode scanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OID / PID Input</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Keypad</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen and barcode scanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LQC ParameterInput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Keypad and barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen and barcode scanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay ParameterInput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Keypad and barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Touch screen and external barcode scanner</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supported BarcodeFormats</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UPC/EAN, Code 128, Code 39, Trioptic Code39, Code 93, Interleaved 2 of 5, Discrete 2 of5, Codabar, and MSI Plessey</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aztec, Code 39, Code 128, Micro PDF417,PDF417, QR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation WarmUp Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 200 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 to 90 seconds</td></tr></table>

# 6.2. GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT+

<table><tr><td>Assay Characteristics Intended Use</td><td>HemochronTM ACT+ (Predicate Device  K941007) Similarities</td><td>GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ (Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td>The Hemochron™M Jr. ACT+ is a quantitative assay for monitoring heparin anticoagulation during various medical procedures. The ACT+ demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of heparin between 1.0 and 6.0 units/ml of blood. It is intended for use in monitoring moderate to high heparin doses frequently associated with cardiac catheterization and cardiopulmonary bypass surgery. The test is unaffected by aprotinin. The ACT+ is not sensitive to very low levels of heparin such as those encountered</td><td>Substantially Equivalent The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ (Activated Clotting Time Plus) test is a quantitative assay for monitoring anticoagulation with moderate to high unfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in fresh whole blood samples. This test is intended for monitoring UFH administered during cardiovascular surgery and cardiac ablation procedures. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ demonstrates linear correlation to the anticoagulation effects of UFH concentrations</td></tr><tr><td>in critical care. The Hemochron Jr. APTT and ACT-LR are available for monitoring low levels of heparin. The ACT+ test is performed on any Hemochron Jr. model using a fresh whole blood sample. Each instrument is portable and intended for bedside use. The instrument is not intended for home use. For in vitro Diagnostic Use, For Professional Use, Rx Only.</td><td>of 1.0 to 6.0 units/mL. The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT+ test can be performed on the GEM® HemochronTM 100 System and any model of HemochronTM Signature Series device. Each instrument is portable, which allows testing at the point-of- care. For in vitro diagnostic use. For Professional Use, Rx Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silica, Kaolin, Phospholipid, Stabilizers andBuffers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentSilica, Kaolin, Phospholipid, Stabilizers andBuffers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81-125 Celite Equivalent Seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent82-133.8 Celite Equivalent Seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0-6.0 heparin units/mL of blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent1.0-6.0 heparin units/mL of blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentFresh Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">directCHECKTM Whole Blood Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentdirectCHECKTM Whole Blood Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 pouched single-use test cuvettes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent45 pouched single-use test cartridges (cuvettes)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent2-8°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Label</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hole Code read by instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2D Barcode read by instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Catalog Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JACT+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000GACT+</td></tr></table>

NOTE: 000GACT+ is identical to $J A C T +$ , in every aspect except for the noted distinctions (e.g. name and 2D barcode).

# 6.3. GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT-LR

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemochronTM ACT-LR(Predicate Device  K960749)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR(Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The HemochronTM Jr. ACT-LR is aquantitative assay for monitoring heparinanticoagulation during various medicalprocedures. The ACTLR demonstrates linearcorrelation to the anticoagulation effects ofheparin up to 2.5 units/ml of blood. It isintended for use in monitoring low to moderateheparin doses frequently associated withprocedures such as cardiac cath-eterization,Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation(ECMO), hemodialysis, and PercutaneousTransluminal Coronary Angioplasty. (TheHemochron Jr. ACT+ [JACT+] test is availablefor monitoring moderate to high levels [1-6units/ml] of heparin.)The ACT-LR test is performed on anyHemochron Jr. model using a fresh wholeblood sample. Each instrument is portable andis intended for bedside use. The instrument isnot intended for home use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentThe GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR (LowRange Activated Clotting Time) test is aquantitative    assay   for monitoringanticoagulation with low to moderateunfractionated heparin (UFH) doses in freshwhole blood samples. This test is intended formonitoring  UFH administered duringextracorporeal life support and cardiologyprocedures. The GEM® HemochronTM 100ACT-LR test demonstrates linear correlation tothe anticoagulation effects of UFHconcentrations up to 2.5 units/mL.The GEM® HemochronTM 100 ACT-LR testcan be performed on the GEM® HemochronTM100 system and any model of HemochronTMSignature Series device. Instruments areportable, which allows testing at the point-of-care.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro Diagnostic Use, For ProfessionalUse, Rx Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use. For ProfessionalUse, Rx Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Celite and Silicon Dioxide Activators, PotatoDextrin, Stabilizers and Buffers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentCelite and Silicon Dioxide Activators, PotatoDextrin, Stabilizers and Buffers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113-149 Celite Equivalent Seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">✓ Substantially Equivalent116-155 Celite Equivalent Seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 2.5 heparin units/mL of blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentUp to 2.5 heparin units/mL of blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh Whole Blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantially EquivalentFresh Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">directCHECKTM Whole Blood QualityControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substantially EquivalentdirectCHECKTM Whole Blood Quality Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 pouches, each containing 1 sing-use testcuvette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent45 pouches, each containing 1 sing-use testcartridge (cuvette)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent2-8°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Differences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Label</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hole Code read by instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2D Barcode read by instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Catalog Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JACT-LR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">000GACT-LR</td></tr></table>

NOTE: 000GACT-LR is identical to JACT-LR, in every aspect except for the noted distinctions (e.g. name and 2D barcode).

# 6.4. directCHECK™ Whole Blood Quality Controls

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">directCHECKTM Whole Blood ControlsACT+ and ACT-LR(Predicate Device  K120977)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">directCHECKTM Whole Blood QualityControls(Subject Device)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The directCHECK TM Whole Blood QualityControls are dried whole blood preparationswhich have been assayed and are intended tobe used to perform quality control assays usingthe Hemochron Microcoagulation test cuvettes.For in vitro Diagnostic Use. For ProfessionalUse, Rx Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentThe directCHECKTM Whole Blood QualityControls are dried whole blood preparationswhich have been assayed and are intended to beused to perform quality control assays using theHemochron test cartridges.For in vitro Diagnostic Use. For ProfessionalUse, Rx Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Distilled Water, Sodium Chloride, Tween® 20,ProClin® and anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially EquivalentDistilled Water, Sodium Chloride, Tween® 20,ProClin® and anticoagulant</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Packaging</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 single use vials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent15 single use vials</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StorageTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> Substantially Equivalent2-8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Catalog Number</td><td>DCJACT-N</td><td>000DCGACT-1</td></tr><tr><td>DCJACT-A</td><td>000DCGACT-2</td></tr><tr><td>DCJLR-N</td><td>000DCGLR-1</td></tr><tr><td>DCJLR-A</td><td>000DCGLR-2</td></tr></table>

NOTE: 000DCGACT-1, 000DCGACT-2, 000DCGLR-1, 000DCGLR-2 are identical to DCJACT-N, DCJACT-A, DCJLR-N, DCJLR-A in every aspect except for the noted distinctions (e.g. name).

# 7. Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Data 7.1. GEM Hemochron 100 System

The GEM Hemochron 100 System was successfully tested for electrical safety, emissions and immunity, and wireless performance to the following standards:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Title</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Electrical Safety</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61010-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control andlaboratory use. Part 1: General requirements</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61010-2-010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control andlaboratory use - Part 2-010: Particular requirements for laboratory equipmentfor the heating of materials</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61010-2-101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control andlaboratory use  Part 2-101. Particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic(IVD) medical equipment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Emissions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61326-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use  EMCrequirements  Part 1: General Requirements</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CISPR 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Industrial, scientific and medical equipment  Radio- frequency disturbancecharacteristics  Limits and methods of measurement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-3-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 3-2: Limits  Limits forharmonic current emissions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-3-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 3-3: Limits  Limitation ofvoltage changes, voltage fluctuations and flicker in public low  voltagesupply systems, for equipment with rated current ≤16 A per phase and notsubject to conditional connection.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCC Part 15B§15.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radiated emission limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCC Part 15B§15.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conducted Limits</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 60601-1-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical electrical equipment  Part 1-2: General requirements for basicsafety and essential performance  Collateral standard: EletromagneticDisturbances  Requirements and tests</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-2: Testing and measurementtechniques  Electrostatic discharge immunity test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-3: Testing and measurementtechniques  Radiated, radio-frequency, electromagnetic field immunity test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-4: Testing and measurementtechniques  Electrical fast transient/burst immunity test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-5: Testing and measurementtechniques — Surge immunity test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-6: Testing and measurementtechniques  Immunity to conducted disturbances, induced by radio-frequency fields</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-8: Testing and measurementtechniques  Power frequency magnetic field immunity test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEC 61000-4-11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)  Part 4-11: Testing and measurementtechniques  Voltage dips, short interruptions and voltage variationsimmunity tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AIM 7351731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Medical Electrical Equipment and System Electromagnetic Immunity Testfor Exposure to Radio Frequency Identification Readers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO 14223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radiofrequency identification of animals — Advanced transponders</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 14443-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identification cards — Contactless integrated circuit cards — Proximitycards — Part 3: Initialization and anticollision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 14443-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cards and security devices for personal identification — Contactlessproximity objects — Part 4: Transmission protocol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 15693-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identification cards — Contactless integrated circuit cards — Vicinity cardsPart 3: Anticollision and transmission protocol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 18000-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Information technology — Radio frequency identification for itemmanagement — Part 3: Parameters for air interface communications at 13,56MHz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 18000-7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Information technology — Radio frequency identification for itemmanagement —-Part 7: Parameters for active air interface communications at43MHz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 18000-63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Information technology — Radio frequency identification for itemmanagement — Part 63: Parameters for air interface communications at 860MHz to 960 MHz Type C</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISO/IEC 18000-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Information technology — Radio frequency identification for itemmanagement — Part 4: Parameters for air interface communications at 2,45GHz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Wireless</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCC Part 15C§15.247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operation within the bands 902-928 MHz, 2400-2483.5 MHz, and 5725-5850 MHz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCC Part 15B§15.407</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General technical requirements</td></tr></table>

# 7.2. Precision - Liquid Quality Controls (Celite Equivalent Seconds):

LQC samples were tested in accordance with CLSI EP05-A3 with a test design of 1 site, 20 days (non-sequential), 2 runs per day, and 2 replicates per run, across $2 \mathrm { G E M } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ Hemochron™ $^ { \mathrm { ~ I ~ } } 1 0 0 \mathrm { ~ A C T } +$ and ACT-LR cartridge lots using the $\mathrm { G E M ^ { \otimes } }$ Hemochron™ 100 System

# 7.2.1. GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT+

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>N                      Mean(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td></tr></table>

# 7.2.2.GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT-LR

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>N                      Mean(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr></table>

# 7.3. Precision – Donor whole blood samples (Celite Equivalent Seconds)

The study design included a total of 20 test replicates per donor sample (e.g. 2 operators $\mathtt { X 5 }$ instruments per operator $_ { \textrm { X 2 } }$ test results per instrument).

# 7.3.1.GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT+

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Target Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68-180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181-360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>361-540</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>541-720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>708.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;=721</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1%</td></tr></table>

# 7.3.2.GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT-LR

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Target Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65-145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146-226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>209.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>227-307</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;=308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1%</td></tr></table>

# 7.4. Method Comparison Study 7.4.1.GE $\mathbf { M } ^ { \mathbf {  } }$ Hemochron™ 100 ACT+

A method comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI EP09-A3, using whole blood samples from 40 normal subjects, comparing the $\mathrm { G E M ^ { \otimes } }$ Hemochron™ 100 and Hemochron™ Signature Elite. Samples were assayed at baseline and spiked with UFH to final concentrations of 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, and 6.0 units/mL. The results were compared and the bias was determined at medical decision levels of 400s and 500s.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Results of Passing-Bablok Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Bias at</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% C.I.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% C.I.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 s</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronTM 100vs HemochronTM SignatureElite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.877 (-1.572, 7.361)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007 (0.988, 1.026)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr></table>

# 7.4.2. GEM® Hemochron™ 100 ACT-LR

An in-house method comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI EP09-A3 using whole blood samples from 40 normal subjects, comparing $\mathrm { G E M ^ { \otimes } }$ Hemochron™ 100 and Hemochron™ Signature Elite. Samples were assayed at baseline and spiked with UFH to final concentrations of 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, and 2.5 units/mL. The results were compared and the bias was determined at medical decision levels of 225s and 300s.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Results of Passing-Bablok Regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>% Bias at</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (95% C.I.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% C.I.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 s</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GEM® HemochronTM 100Vs HemochronTM SignatureElite</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.00 (-15.39, 2.388)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0000 (0.9612,1.049)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.947</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.0%</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusion:

Based on the substantial equivalence comparison and the results of the conducted performance evaluations, it was concluded that the performance of the $\mathrm { G E M ^ { \otimes } }$ Hemochron™ 100 to be substantially equivalent to the cleared and currently marketed predicate device, Hemochron™ Signature Elite (K193041). The differences between the subject and predicate do not impact safety and effectiveness.