July 2, 2021

Beckman Coulter, Inc. Marisa Pugliese Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist 11800 SW 147th Avenue Miami, Florida 33196

Re: K210127 Trade/Device Name: iQ200 System, iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5200 Regulation Name: Automated Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LKM, KQO, GKL, JIL Dated: January 15, 2021 Received: January 19, 2021

Dear Marisa Pugliese:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Lea Carrington   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K210127

Device Name   
iQ200 System   
iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry System

Indications for Use (Describe) iQ200 System:

Theausosvspl aa ua I.I   lit iin ecast cystals, anganiscpeteumperator ncriterrut-eport flaiees r eviwAllstet analyagdeciis may b reviwean verrden b technologist.

iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry System:

The iChemVELOCITutomated urine chemistry ystem ann vitrodiagnosticdevice used tautomate theuie chemistry analysis profile usin iChemVELOCIT Urine Chemistry Strips. The iChemVELOCIT can be used as a stanlo  0S ysaiveh mRICELL eaI iv ascorbic acid; and qualitative results for nitrite, color and clarity.

iheVELOCITY strips are intended for use only with the iChemVELOCITY analyzer. In particular, they are not intended for visual reading. The iChemVELOCITY is not intended to be used as a Point of Care (POC) analyzer.

Ththbrc vitro diagnostics use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary for Special ${ \bf 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ of the iQ200 System and iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry

# 510(k) Owner / Submitter Information

Company Name: Beckman Coulter Inc.   
Address: 11800 SW 147th Ave., Miami, FL 33196 Phone #: (305) 380-3002   
Fax #: (786) 639-3002   
Contact Person: Marisa Pugliese   
Email Address: mpugliese@beckman.com

Date Submitted: January 15, 2021

# Device Information:

Trade Name: iQ200 System   
Classification: Class II   
Classification Name: Automated Cell Counter per 21 CFR 864.5200   
Product Code: LKM; KQO; GKL   
Panel: Hematology   
Trade Name: iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry   
Classification: Class I   
Classification Name: Automated Urinalysis System, per 21 CFR 862.2900   
Product Code: JIL   
Subsequent Product Codes: CDM, CEN, JIN, JIO, JIR, JJB, JMA, JMT, JRE, KQO, LJX   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device Information:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Product</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k)Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Cleared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ200 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K022774</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oct. 21, 2002</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class IIClass I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5200862.2900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LKMKQO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ200 Urine AnalyzerBody Fluids Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K050235</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mar. 23, 2005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GKL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ200 System withLamina Cradle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K093861</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feb. 05, 2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class IIClass I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5200862.2900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LKMKQO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ200 Urine AnalyzerBody Fluids Module(The addition ofSynovial Fluid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K091539</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aug. 31, 2010</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GKL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iChemVELOCITYAutomated UrineChemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K101852</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mar. 23, 2011</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KQO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iChemVELOCITYAutomated UrineChemistry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K171083</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">May 12, 2017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class IIClass I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1340862.2900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JILKQO</td></tr></table>

# iQ200 System and iChemVELOCITY Urinalysis System

This CBE (Changes Being Effected) 510(k) submission is due to system software changes to be implemented as part of the corrective action for a field action initiated by BEC in Z-0913-2020 and Z0914-2020 reported on April 15, 2020.

The software change is for the iQ200 System and iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry systems with its Analysis Processor User Interface or APUI software version 7.2 for Windows7 and XP Operating Systems.

# Device Description:

The iQ200 System auto-identifies and processes specimens in 10-position racks by mixing, sampling, and analyzing automatically. The iQ200 Series Automated Urine Microscopy system presents a specimen sandwiched between enveloping layers of lamina to a microscope coupled to a CCD (charge coupling device) video camera. This lamination positions the specimen exactly within the depth of focus and field of view of the objective lens of the microscope. The iQ200 System provides automatic sample handling for automated intelligent microscopy and automatic analyte classification for improved data reporting, presentation and management. Specimens are aspirated by an autosampler rather than poured manually. Individual particle images are isolated within each frame. The Auto-Particle Recognition (APR) software, uses size, shape, contrast and texture features to classify each image into one of 12 categories: RBCs, WBCs, WBC Clumps, Hyaline Casts, Unclassified Casts, Squamous Epithelial Cells, Non-squamous Epithelial Cells, Bacteria, Yeast, Crystals, Mucus and Sperm. Additionally, 27 predefined sub-classifications are available for identifying specific types of casts, crystals, non-squamous epithelial, dysmorphic, and others. Particle concentration is calculated using the number of particles images and the volume analyzed. User-defined release criteria are checked and results are sent to an operator review screen or directly uploaded to the LIS based on these criteria. Specimen results can be edited, imported, and exported.

The iQ Body Fluids Module is a software program that runs on the iQ Series Systems and automates body fluid sample handling, capturing particle images in a manner similar to that of the urinalysis application. The iQ200 Series System uses a CCD camera to capture images from each sample.

The iChemVELOCITY is an automated urine chemistry system performing measurements of defined physical and chemical constituents in urine. The system utilizes iChemVELOCITY urine chemistry test strips which are read in the Strip Reader Module (SRM) by measuring light reflectance. The device is a fully automated, computer-controlled urine chemistry analyzer intended for use only with iChemVELOCITY Urine Chemistry Strips for the measurement of ten urine chemistry analytes from the chemistry strip plus the measurement of specific gravity using an electronic refractometer assembly and the qualitative measurement of color and clarity by optical absorbance and scattering methods, respectively. It produces quantitative results for specific gravity; semi-quantitative results for glucose, blood, leukocyte esterase, bilirubin, urobilinogen, $\mathsf { p H }$ , protein, ketones and ascorbic acid; and qualitative results for nitrites, color and clarity.

The primary function of the iQ200 and iChemVELOCITY analyzers is to process samples and provide results to the workstation. The primary functions of the workstation are: user interface, system control, results processing, data storage, and external communications. The analyzers run embedded code on micro controllers and the workstation software runs Microsoft Windows 7 or Windows XP Operating System (OS). The workstation can be connected to:

• A printer for creating reports • A Laboratory Information System (LIS) for receiving test orders and releasing results.

# Design Change Description

The modification prompting a new submission is an update to the iQ200 and iChemVELOCITY APUI software included in version 7.2 (for Windows 7 and XP Operating System). It contains the following changes:

If a duplicate specimen is detected by the APUI software one of the two flags will be generated:

Flag 1: If duplicate specimen ID is found with the same Medical Record Number, then software will flag the result as “DUPLICATE SPECIMEN ID (SAME MEDICAL RECORD NUMBER)”.

Flag 2: If the duplicate specimen ID found has a different Medical Record Number, then software will flag the result as “DUPLICATE SPECIMENT ID (DIFFERENT MEDICAL RECORD NUMBER)”.

If either of these flags appear, the specimen result will be held until the operator reviews the result. The operator will follow labelling instructions to resolve the flag.

APUI software uses a time window to determine whether a duplicate specimen is presented to the analyzer. This time window can be configured by the user. Allowable values range from 12 to 72 hours. The default value for the time window is 12 hours.

For example, if the user configures the time window as 24 hours, then, APUI will flag a specimen as duplicate, if it’s ran within 24 hours of another specimen with the same identifier.

The upper limit for the review time frame is consistent with the shelf life of preservative tubes used with urine sample which is 72 hours. Based on this fact, an operator using preservative tubes can run the chemistry and continue on to the microscopy at a later time while still maintaining the urine sample integrity. When a specimen is presented and processed, the system will scan the database for specimens with the same identifier. Beyond the 72 hours timeframe, a specimen ID can be re-used and the system will not flag for a duplicate ID. The lower limit for the review timeframe is designated to align with the possibility that high volume laboratories can re-use the specimen ID more frequently based on the laboratory SOPs. Section 10 will provide further details on software workflow.

# Cybersecurity Update

Included as part of this software modification is an update to the Windows XP Operating System (OS) cybersecurity to address Bluekeep and WannaCry vulnerabilities.

The following Cybersecurity tests were done on Windows XP Operating System.

1. Vulnerability Assessment scan was successfully performed.   
2. A penetration test was successfully done by Beckman Coulter. Based on the test results, XP Operating System was patched for the most common Bluekeep and WannaCry viruses. Bluekeep is a security vulnerability that was discovered in Microsoft’s Remote Desktop Protocol implementation which allows for the possibility of remote code execution. • WannaCry is a ransomware attack that targeted Windows XP computers by encrypting data and demanding ransom payment in the Bitcoin cryptocurrency.

A source code review was successfully done for both Window XP and Window 7 by Beckman Coulter. Vulnerabilities reported by this tool have been triaged.

Reports for the above scans are available upon request.

Windows 7 Operating System does not have Bluekeep vulnerability since all the Remote Desktop Protocol ports are closed by the OS image.

Windows 7 Operating System is not susceptible to WannaCry ransomware attack since the OS image has a firewall that cannot be disabled, and communication ports are closed to external connections.

iQ200 and iChemVelocity analyzers have a layered approach for cybersecurity. These systems are isolated from outside networks. In addition, both Operating Systems has access controls for users to prevent unauthorized use.

# Intended Use/Indications for Use:

# iQ200 System (K022774) Intended Use:

The iQ200 automated urine microscopy system is an in vitro diagnostic device used to automate the complete urinalysis profile, including urine test strip chemistry panel and microscopic sediment analysis. Optionally, the iQ200 analyzer can be used as a stand-alone unit, or the results from the iQ200 analyzer can be combined with other urine chemistry results received from an LIS. It produces quantitative or qualitative counts of all formed sediment elements present in urine, including cells, casts, crystals, and organisms. A competent human operator can set criteria for auto-reporting and flagging specimens for review. All instrument analyte image decisions may be reviewed and overridden by a trained technologist.

Note: There is no change to the system’s intended use as a result of this software design change.

# iQ Body Fluids Module (K050235) Intended Use:

The iQ Body Fluids Module is an in-vitro diagnostic device used by a trained human observer to examine and count red blood cells and other nucleated cells in cerebrospinal fluid, and serous fluids.

Note: There is no change to the intended use as a result of this software design change.

# iQ200 System with Lamina Cradle (K093861) Intended Use:

The iQ Lamina Cradle is a new accessory to be used with the iQ200 Series of Urine Microscopy Analyzers (K022774). The iQ 200 System is an in-vitro diagnostic device used to automate the complete urinalysis profile, including urine test strip chemistry panel and microscopic sediment analysis. Optionally, the iQ 200 Analyzer can be used as a stand-alone unit, or the results from the iQ 200 Analyzer can be combined with other urine chemistry results received from an LIS. It produces quantitative or qualitative counts of all formed sediment elements present in urine, including cells, casts, crystals, and organisms. A competent human operator can set criteria for auto-reporting and flagging specimens for review. All instrument analyte image decisions may be reviewed and overridden by a trained technologist.

Note: There is no change to the system’s intended use as a result of this software design change.

# iQ200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module (The addition of Synovial Fluid)

The iQ200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module for use with synovial fluid is an additional use for the iQ200 Urine Analyzer (K022774). The iQ200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Module is an invitro diagnostic device used by an appropriately trained laboratory user to examine and count red blood cells and nucleated cells in cerebrospinal fluid, serous fluids and synovial fluid. This module is a capability added to the iQ0200 Urine Analyzer.

Note: There is no change to the system’s intended use as a result of this software design change.

# iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry System (K101852 & K171083) Intended Use:

The iChemVELOCITY automated urine chemistry system is an in vitro diagnostic device used to automate the urine chemistry analysis profile using iChemVELOCITY Urine Chemistry Strips. The iChemVELOCITY can be used as a stand-alone system, as well as in an iQ200 Series system, a configuration given the proprietary name iRICELL as it is designed to be hardware and software compatible with iQ200 Series systems. It produces quantitative results for specific gravity; semi-quantitative results for glucose, blood, leukocyte esterase, bilirubin, urobilinogen, pH, protein, ketones and ascorbic acid; and qualitative results for nitrite, color and clarity. iChemVELOCITY strips are intended for use only with the iChemVELOCITY analyzer. In particular, they are not intended for visual reading. The iChemVELOCITY is not intended to be used as a Point of Care (POC) analyzer.

These measurements are used to aid in the diagnosis of metabolic disorders, kidney function anomalies, urinary tract infections, and liver function. Tests performed using the iChemVELOCITY are intended for clinical laboratory and in vitro diagnostic use only.

Note: There is no change to the system’s intended use as a result of this software design change.

# Comparison to Predicate:

The design changes applied to the iQ200 System and iChemVELOCITY analyzers serve as additional mitigations to new risk control measures to the potential failure mode identified in the root cause analysis of the field action that initiated these changes.

These software design changes do not impact the intended use or performance claims of the iQ200 Automated Urine Microscopy and iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry analyzers.

Table 1 - iQ200 System   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance andCharacterization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IQ200 System  K022774 (Cleared Oct. 21,2002), K050235 (Cleared Mar. 23, 2005),K093861 (Cleared Feb. 05, 2010), K091539(Cleared Aug. 31, 2010)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The iQ200 System is an in-vitro diagnosticdevice used to automate the complete urinalysisprofile, including urine test strip chemistry paneland microscopic sediment analysis. Optionally,the iQ200 Analyzer can be used as a stand-aloneunit, or the results from the iQ200 analyzer canbe combined with other urine chemistry resultsreceived from an LIS. It produces quantitative orqualitative counts of all formed sedimentelements present in urine, including cells, casts,crystals, and organisms. A competent humanoperator can set criteria for auto-reporting andflagging specimens for review. All instrumentanalyte image decisions may be reviewed andoverridden by a trained technologist.The iQ200 Urine Analyzer Body Fluids Moduleis an in-vitro diagnostic device used by anappropriately trained laboratory user to examineand count red blood cells and nucleated cells incerebrospinal fluid, serous fluids and synovialfluid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen analyzed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">iQ200 System:Urine collected in a cup or other container andtransferred to a tube for analysis.iQ Body Fluids and Synovial:Hyaluronidase is added to the specimen, mixedand incubated. Two aliquots from each bodyfluid specimen are prepared. One aliquot isdiluted in normal saline to provide aconcentration in the linear range of theinstrument. The second aliquot is treated with alysing reagent to allow unambiguousidentification of WBC and other nucleated cellsby eliminating RBC confusion. Particle imagesare captured and saved electronically as thesample flows past a microscope objective at ahigh speed, electronically concentratingparticles. Particle images are then ordered bysize into assigned categories on a video display.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanism forintroducingspecimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen automatically mixed and withdrawnfrom a tube into the analytical system.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mechanism forpresentingindividual formedelement images tomicroscopeobjective</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual elements in liquid suspensionautomatically selected and imaged by amicroscope objective as they move through aflow cell.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presentation ofimages for viewing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual formed elements are presented on avideo monitor on a separate microcomputer inmachine-ordered and counted groups by analytetype or by like size.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Features used todistinguish amongformed elementtypes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Differential staining separates cells andorganisms.Casts are discerned based on size and density.Crystals are determined based on size, shape,and refractive intensity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microscopicsediment andchemistry resultsare saved incomputer memoryprior to review,and release byoperator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result data are stored on the workstation forlater review, independent of analysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Presentation ofimages to skilled,competent observer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formed elements in the flow cells are viewedthrough a microscope by a video camera.Images are captured and electronically presentedto a skilled, competent observer forinterpretation on a video monitor.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Image montageorganization andcomprehension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formed elements are sorted into groups ofanalytes determined by machine classification.All groups are displayed in a single montage for"at a glance" visual confirmation. Individualgroups can also be viewed independently.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reclassification offormed elementimages by acompetent observer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formed element images displayed can bereclassified by selecting a "button" for thecorrect analyte type and then selecting individualimages to be renamed.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results areobserved andexpressed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Scanning is accomplished "at a glance" of amontage on a video monitor displaying allformed element images detected. Final countsare based on machine classification of analyteimages or those of a competent observer if thespecimen is flagged for human review or theoperator chooses to provide analyteidentifications.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101 urine sample/hour70 urine sample/hour40 urine sample/hour</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Change</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APUI Software version 6.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APUI Software version7.2 (for Windows7 &amp; XPOS)</td></tr></table>

Table 2 - iChemVELOCITY Automated Urine Chemistry   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iChemVELOCITY AnalyzerK101852 (cleared on 3/23/2011) andK171083 (cleared on 05/12/2017)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The iChemVELOCITY automated urinechemistry system is an in vitro diagnosticdevice used to automate the urine chemistryanalysis profile using iChemVELOCITY UrineChemistry Strips. The iChemVELOCITY canbe used as a stand-alone system, as well as in aniQ®200 Series system, a configuration giventhe proprietary name iRICELL as it is designedto be hardware and software compatible withiQ200 Series systems. It produces quantitativeresults for specific gravity; semi-quantitativeresults for glucose, blood, leukocyte esterase,bilirubin, urobilinogen, pH, protein, ketones andascorbic acid; and qualitative results for nitrites,color and clarity. iChemVELOCITY strips areintended for use only with theiChemVELOCITY analyzer. In particular, theyare not intended for visual reading. TheiChemVELOCITY is not intended to be used asa Point of Care (POC) analyzer.These measurements are used to aid in thediagnosis of metabolic disorders, kidneyfunction anomalies, urinary tract infections,and liver function. Tests performed using theiChemVELOCITY are intended for clinicallaboratory and in vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimenanalyzed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine collected in cup or other container andtransferred to a tube for sampling ontoiChemVELOCITY test strips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method ofOperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color change on the pads of theiChemVELOCITY strips are analyzed for percentreflectance and converted to results through analgorithmUrine color and clarity are obtained by measuringabsorbance or scattering of white light through aflowcell. Intensities of RGB wavelengths aremeasured with a solid-state photodetector array.Specific gravity is measured by determining therefractive index of the specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Energy Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC power is converted to DC by an internalswitching mode power supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr></table>

Special 510k Submission for the iQ200 and iChemVELOCITY System Software Design Change Section 5:510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>iChemVELOCITY AnalyzerK101852 (cleared on 3/23/2011) andK171083 (cleared on 05/12/2017)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color Sensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Taos TCS230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scatter LED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luxeonstar/Lumileds SR-01-WC100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microcontroller</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PIC 18F25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boardcommunications</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter(UART)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Firmware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CCM measures the light intensity in RGBchannels. Then it corrects each channel usingiChemVELOCITY wash solution as a referencesource. The compensated RGB data is convertedto project in 2 dimensional HSL color plane.Method for the HSL color space is boundaries forcolor bins modified and an Ohta Color plane wasadded to refine color measurements along theboundaries of the HSL calculations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitative results are presented for colorand clarity. Specifically:Color  Red, Blue, Amber, Yellow, Straw, andColorlessClarity  Turbid, Cloudy, Slightly Cloudy, andClear</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210 urine sample/hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APUI Software version 6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APUI Software version7.2 (for Windows7 &amp; XPOS)</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing:

To demonstrate substantial equivalence (SE), the following design performance verification analysis was performed and evaluated:

1. Method Comparison

# Design Control Activities

The development and design verification and validation of the device software modification has been performed under design controls. The design control activities were based on risk analysis, and acceptance criteria were set to maintain the efficiency and safety of the device. Design testing included: software verification, system performance verification, validation, human factors, and installation.

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion to Demonstrate Safety, Effectiveness & Equivalent Performance to Predicate:

The updates to the iQ200 System and iChemVELOCITY analyzers that are the subject of this submission, do not change the intended use, nor add or delete a contraindication for the device. The changes do not alter the device control mechanism, operating principle, energy type, environmental specification, ergonomics of the user interface, dimensional specifications, nor packaging.

The device does not have expiration dating nor is it subject to sterilization.

In summary, it can be concluded that the updated iQ200 System and iChemVELOCITY analyzers, as described in this submission is substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to the predicate device.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.