August 16, 2022

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Carol Marble   
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Director 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K213426 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL ReadiPlasTin Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7750 Regulation Name: Prothrombin Time Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GJS Dated: October 20, 2021 Received: October 21, 2021

Dear Carol Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Min Wu   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K213426

Indications for Use (Describe)

HemoslL ReadiPlasTin is an in vitro diagnostic thromboplastin reagent, based on recombinant human tissue factor, for the quantitative determination, in human citrated plasma, of Prothrombin Time (PT) and Fibrinogen, on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series of analyzers. The product is intended to be used for the evaluation of the extrinsic coagulation pathway and the monitoring of Oral Vitamin K Antagonist Therapy.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td></td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory Company</td></tr><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Bedford, MA 01730-2443 (USA)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Carol Marble</td></tr><tr><td>Senior Director of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-861-4467</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: cmarble@werfen.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>August 16, 2022</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>HemosIL ReadiPlasTin</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device</td><td>HemosIL ReadiPlasTin</td><td>K122584</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prothrombin time test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GJS</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen determination system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ⅱ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GIS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>The thromboplastin reagent included in the ReadiPlasTin kit, after mixing with the ReadiPlasTin Diluent, is a liposomal preparation that contains recombinant human tissue factor (RTF), re-lipidated in a synthetic phospholipid blend. In the PT test, the addition of the tissue thromboplastin (ReadiPlasTin reagent) to the patient plasma in the presence  calciumions initiates the activation of the extrinsic pathway. This results ultimately in the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, with formation of a solid gel. The fibrinogen is quantitated (PT-based method) by relating the absorbance or light-scatter during clotting to a calibrator.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Intended Use / Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL ReadiPlasTin is an in vitro diagnostic thromboplastin reagent, based on recombinant human tissue factor, for the quantitative determination, in human citrated plasma, of Prothrombin Time (PT) and Fibrinogen, on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series of analyzers. The product is intended to be used for the evaluation of the extrinsic coagulation pathway and the monitoring of Oral Vitamin K Antagonist Therapy.</td></tr></table>

# Reason for Submission

There were no changes to the following with this submission:

• Intended use/indications for use   
• Operating principle   
• Labeled performance characteristics, except for the addition of daptomycin interference claims

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Summary Comparison of Technological Characteristics (Predicate)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K122584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL ReadiPlasTin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Company</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL ReadiPlasTin is an in vitrodiagnostic thromboplastin reagent, based onrecombinant human tissue factor, for thequantitative determination, in human citratedplasma, of Prothrombin Time (PT) andFibrinogen, on the ACL TOP Family and ACLTOP Family 50 Series of analyzers. Theproduct is intended to be used for theevaluation of the extrinsic coagulationpathway and the monitoring of Oral Vitamin KAntagonist Therapy.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prothrombin Time (PT): In the PT test, theaddition of the tissue thromboplastin to thepatient plasma, in the presence of calcium,initiates the activation of the extrinsic pathway.This results in the conversion of fibrinogen tofibrin, with the formation of a solid gel.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PT-derived Fibrinogen: Fibrinogenisquantitated (PT-based method) by relating theabsorbance or light scatter during clotting to acalibrator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2% and 3.8% Citrated Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reporting Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PT: Seconds, % Activity, INRFibrinogen: mg/dL, g/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PT: Seconds, INRFibrinogen: mg/dL, g/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Summary Comparison of Technological Characteristics (Predicate) (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K122584)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP Family             K160276ACL TOP Family 50 Series K150877</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vial Content</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-Board Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days at 15°C on the instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days at 2-8°C in closed original vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Formulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each ReadiPlasTin kit consists of:ReadiPlasTin Reagent: A solution ofrecombinant human tissue factor,synthetic phospholipids with stabilizers,preservative and bufferReadiPlasTin Diluent: An aqueoussolution of calcium chloride, polybreneand a preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same except the following formulationchanges:1. Addition of EDTA to ReadiPlasTinReagent as a stabilizer for improvedstability.2.Removal of bovine gamma globulin(BGG) and trehalose fromReadiPlasTin Reagent and trehalosefrom ReadiPlasTin Diluent asinactive ingredients (fillers) with nointended purpose in liquid reagents.These ingredients are a carryoverfrom a previous generation oflyophilized reagents.</td></tr></table>

# Performance and Stability Studies

Performance and stability studies were performed to establish the safety and effectiveness of the reformulated HemosIL ReadiPlasTin. These studies included repeatability, fibrinogen linearity, conjugated bilirubin and daptomycin interference, method comparison, open vial and on-board instrument stability and real-time shelf-life stability.

The testing below and on the following pages met all acceptance criteria as follows.

# Precision

Repeatability and within laboratory precision was assessed in accordance with CLSI EP05-A3 for 20 days, with 2 runs per day and 2 replicates per run for each sample level $\scriptstyle \mathrm { \ n = } 8 0 $ /instrument/lot), using 3 lots of HemosIL ReadiPlasTin on representative members of the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series.8 For PT, controls, as well as six native (unadulterated) patient samples, were tested; for fibrinogen, controls, as well as six fibrinogen sample pools at three levels, were tested.

The following tables include PT seconds, INR and fibrinogen precision data for representative systems each with one reagent lot.

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Prothrombin Time (PT) Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean PT(Seconds)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RepeatabilityCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WithinLaboratory CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">ACL TOP Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Abnormal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Abnormal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeanINR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RepeatabilityCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WithinLaboratory CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">ACL TOP Family50 Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Abnormal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Abnormal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeanINR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RepeatabilityCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WithinLaboratory CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">Fibrinogen (Fib) Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Fib(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RepeatabilityCV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WithinLaboratory CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">ACL TOP Family</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">329</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Abnormal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">171</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Fibrinogen Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">338</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">626</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">636</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">ACL TOP Family50 Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Abnormal Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">157</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Fibrinogen Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">330</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">624</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample 6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">635</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr></table>

# Fibrinogen Linearity

Fibrinogen linearity was assessed in accordance with CLSI EP06, $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ Ed, using 3 lots of HemosIL ReadiPlasTin on representative members of the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series. The results for all 3 lots on both systems met acceptance criteria, supporting the labeled fibrinogen linearity claim of 60 to $7 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Interference

Interference was assessed for conjugated bilirubin and daptomycin in accordance with CLSI EP07, $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Ed, and CLSI EP37, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ Ed, using 1 lot of HemosIL ReadiPlasTin on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family. The studies used two clinical sample levels each for PT (normal pooled plasma and a high INR clinical sample at $2 . 0 { - } 3 . 0 \mathrm { I N R }$ ) and fibrinogen (normal pooled plasma and a low fibrinogen sample at ${ \sim } 1 0 0$ $\mathrm { m g / d L ) }$ .

The results from these additional studies, along with the original interference studies under K122584, support the following labeled claims of no interference for:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UFH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMWH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin(ConjugatedandUnconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daptomycin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Prothrombin Time (PT)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Fibrinogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7 IU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μg/mL</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison

In-house method comparison was performed in accordance with CLSI EP09c on normal and abnormal samples, comparing HemosIL ReadiPlasTin to HemosIL RecombiPlasTin 2G on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family and a representative member of the ACL TOP Family 50 Series, with the following result(s):

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ACL TOPFamily</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.031(1.009, 1.053)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.043(-0.068, -0.018)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.042(1.006, 1.078)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011(-0.072, 0.094)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.975(0.963, 0.986)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.171(3.842, 10.50)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>ACL TOPFamily 50Series</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.021(0.999, 1.043)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.034(-0.060, -0.009)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PT(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.029(0.992, 1.067)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023(-0.061, 0.107)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015(1.003, 1.027)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.811(-4.148, 2.527)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td></tr></table>

# Open Vial Stability

Open vial stability was assessed in accordance with CLSI EP25-A, using 3 lots of HemosIL ReadiPlasTin on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family. For PT, controls and four native (unadulterated) patient samples, were tested in eight replicates at each time interval to a point past claim; for fibrinogen, controls and six fibrinogen sample pools at three levels, were tested in eight replicates at each time interval to a point past claim.

The results support the following labeled open vial stability claim:

Once prepared for use, 10 days at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in closed original vial

# On-board Instrument Stability

On-board instrument stability was assessed in accordance with CLSI EP25-A, using 3 lots of HemosIL ReadiPlasTin on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family. For PT, controls and four native (unadulterated) patient samples, were tested in eight replicates at each time interval to a point past claim; for fibrinogen, controls and six fibrinogen sample pools at three levels, were tested in eight replicates at each time interval to a point past claim.

The results support the following labeled on-board instrument stability claim:

Once prepared for use, 10 days at $1 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series

# Real-time Shelf-life Stability

Real-time shelf-life stability continues to be assessed in accordance with CLSI EP25-A, using 3 lots of HemosIL ReadiPlasTin on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family. For PT, controls and four native (unadulterated) patient samples were tested in eight replicates at Time 0 and this testing continues at each predefined time interval; for fibrinogen, six fibrinogen sample pools at three levels, were tested in eight replicates at Time 0 and this testing continues at each predefined time interval. The study will continue to a point past final claim.

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td>Results of the performance and stability studies for HemosIL ReadiPlasTin, with the modified formulation, demonstrate that the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, HemosIL ReadiPlasTin, last FDA cleared under K122584.</td></tr></table>