July 14, 2023

Abbott Laboratories   
Melissa Tristani   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
400 College Road East   
Princeton, New Jersey 08540

Re: K220282 Trade/Device Name: i-STAT PTplus Cartridge with the i-STAT I System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7750 Regulation Name: Prothrombin Time Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GJS Dated: January 31, 2022 Received: February 1, 2022

Dear Melissa Tristani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Please note that if you mody your IVD n thefuture  exced any  the lmitations o the exemptin und in 21 CFR 864.9(c), your device will require a new $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ prior to marketing this device in the United States and wl not be exempt from the premarket notification requirements so long as it exceeds the limitations to the exemption found in 21 CFR 864.9.

If your device is classfied (se above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it ay be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of

Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https:/www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory inormation about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Takeesha Taylor-bell -S

Takeesha Taylor-Bell   
Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Abbott Point of Care / Traditional 510(k) /</td></tr><tr><td>i-STAT PTplus cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Expiration Date: 06/30/2023</td></tr><tr><td>See PRA Statement below.</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Trenooletionoationate veragou  onc time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather andmaintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

The information in this $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1. Submitter Information

Owner

Abbott Point of Care Inc. 400 College Road East Princeton, NJ 08540

Contact

Primary: Melissa Tristani Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist Phone: 613-688-5949

Secondary contact person for all communications: Maria L Figueroa Associate Director Regulatory Affairs Phone: 609-454-9271

Date Prepared

January 28, 2022

# 2. Device Information

Proprietary Name i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System Common Name Prothrombin time, PT, analyzer, handheld

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Productcode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classificationname</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GJS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test, Time, Prothrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology</td></tr></table>

# 3. Predicate Device

Proprietary Name CoaguChek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XS Plus System 510(k) Number K071041

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Productcode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Classificationname</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GJS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test, Time, Prothrombin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I|I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology</td></tr></table>

# 4. Device Description

The i-STAT 1 System consists of the i-STAT 1 analyzer and the i-STAT cartridges. Other components of the i-STAT 1 System are the Electronic Simulator, the i-STAT 1 Downloader/Recharger and the i-STAT Printer. The i-STAT 1 analyzer is a handheld, in vitro diagnostic analytical device designed to run only i-STAT test cartridges. The system is designed for use by trained medical professionals at the patient point of care or in the clinical laboratory and is for prescription use only.

The i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge is a coagulation cartridge for determining the time required for complete activation of the extrinsic coagulation cascade. The cartridge contains electrochemical sensors and test reagents that must be mixed with the sample. The reagents include the reactive ingredient to activate the coagulation cascade as well as electrochemical markers that generate a sensor signal when the cascade is fully activated.

The analysis time of the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge is up to 300 seconds (5 minutes). The sample volume required for the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge is approximately $2 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { l }$ of whole blood (venous or capillary) without added anticoagulant. The i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ EPY cartridge is a single-use disposable unit that is self-contained. The test reagents and sample fluids do not contact the instrument or user. All the test steps and fluid movements occur within the cartridge.

The i-STAT 1 System has an internal quality control (internal simulator) and an external quality control (Electronic Simulator). The internal and external simulators are used to check the instrument signal-reading function. In addition to the quality controls within the i-STAT 1 System, liquid quality controls are available as an optional quality control methodology to meet the regulatory compliance requirements applicable to the facility where they are to be used.

The liquid quality controls are the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ Control Levels 1 and 2 and can be used for the quality control of the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge. The coagulation controls consist of lyophilized citrated human plasma and calcium chloride fluid for reconstitution.

i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ Control Level 1 has been formulated to produce a normal prothrombin time. Level 2 has been formulated to produce an extended prothrombin time.

Each level of control is packaged as a box of 5 vials containing $1 \mathrm { m L }$ of lyophilized citrated human plasma and 5 vials of $1 . 5 \mathrm { m L }$ of calcium chloride diluent.

The i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ controls are intended for use with the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge on the i-STAT System, and values assigned to these controls may not be commutable with other commercial methods.

# 5. Intended Use Statement

The i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge is intended for use in the in vitro quantitative measurement of the clot time of the extrinsic coagulation pathway when activated by thromboplastin in non-anticoagulated whole blood (venous or capillary), using the i-STAT 1 System. Measurements of prothrombin time are used to aid in the monitoring of patients receiving anticoagulant therapy with coumarin derivatives. The i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ Prothrombin Time test result is reported in seconds and as an International Normalized Ratio (INR). The test is intended for point of care use and is for prescription use only.

6. Summary Comparison of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Summary Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature orCharacteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate:i-STAT PTplus cartridge with the i-STAT1 System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:CoaguChek® XS Plus System(K071041)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The i-STAT PTplus cartridge is intended for usein the in vitro quantitative measurement of theclot time of the extrinsic coagulation pathwaywhen activated by thromboplastin in non-anticoagulated whole blood (venous orcapillary), using the i-STAT 1 System.Measurements of prothrombin time are usedto aid in the monitoring of patients receivinganticoagulant therapy with coumarinderivatives. The i-STAT PTplus ProthrombinTime test result is reported in seconds and asan International Normalized Ratio (INR). Thetest is intended for point of care use and is forprescription use only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for use by professionalhealthcare providers forquantitative prothrombin timetesting for the monitoring ofwarfarin therapy. The system usesfresh capillary or non-anticoagulated venous wholeblood.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ReportableRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8-8.0 INR8.1-80.8 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8-8.0 INR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fresh whole blood from venous or capillarysamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approximately 20 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 10 µL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ready to Use. No sample preparationrequired.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceable to the WHO international referencemethod.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human recombinant thromboplastin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectronicQualityControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board quality control built into the analyzerand external Electronic Simulator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board quality control whichuses electrochemical signal todetect test strip integrity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid QualityControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two levels of liquid controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrochemical technology with amperometric(electric current) detection of thrombin activity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzer Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Characteristics

# A. Analytical Performance

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

i. Precision 20 days (Liquid Controls)

The precision of the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge was evaluated using three (3) lots of i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridges and three (3) fluid levels. The fluids included the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ Controls (Levels 1 and 2) as well as an internal fluid level (Level 3). The study was performed based on CLSI document EP05-A3: Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline-Third Edition. Each cartridge and fluid level was tested over 20 days by two operators running two test events per day at one site. The results of the 20-day precision study are shown in Table 2 (seconds) and Table 3 (INR).

<table><tr><td colspan="12" rowspan="1">Table 2: 20 Day Precision Results (seconds)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">CartridgeLot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FluidLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean(sec)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-run</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between-day</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within-laboratory</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(sec)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(sec)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD(sec)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (sec)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.134</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.310</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.881</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.075</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.912</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53.95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.488</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.986</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.709</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.693</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.065</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.186</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.342</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.812</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.272</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.298</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.906</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.884</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.734</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.568</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.099</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.295</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.540</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.139</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.589</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.818</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.332</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.907</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=12>Table 3: 20-day Precision Results (INR)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CartridgeLot</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>FluidLevel</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-laboratory</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(INR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.080</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.186</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.208</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.081</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr></table>

# ii.Precision (Whole Blood)

Whole blood precision (repeatability) was evaluated using venous and capillary specimens at three (3) ranges: non-therapeutic (INR 0.8  1.9), therapeutic (INR 2.0 - 4.5), and very high therapeutic (INR 4.6 - 8.0). The repeatability analysis was conducted using the data collected across three (3) point of care sites. Data from duplicate testing in both the capillary method comparison study and the venous method comparison study were used to evaluate whole blood precision. The whole blood precision results for all three (3) sites combined are summarized for capillary whole blood in Table 4 (seconds) and Table 5 (INR) and for venous whole blood are summarized in Table 6 (seconds) and Table 7 (INR).

<table><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">Table 4: Capillary Whole Blood PT (seconds) Precision</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Interval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Standard Deviation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">%CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estimate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% CI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Non-therapeutic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.06 to 15.73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.414</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.197 to 1.727</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0 to 11.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AllSites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Therapeutic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27.73 to 29.30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.495</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.327 to 1.713</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7 to 6.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vy HighTherapeutic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.88 to 58.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.451 to 3.851</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9 to 7.6</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 5: Capillary Whole Blood PT INR Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interval</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Standard Deviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-therapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.39 to 1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.121 to 0.174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2 to 11.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.74 to 2.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.131 to 0.169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 to 6.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very HighTherapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.24 to 5.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.139 to 0.368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 to 7.3</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 6: Venous Whole Blood PT (seconds) Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interval</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Standard Deviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-therapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.95 to 15.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.894 to 1.263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1 to 8.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.97 to 29.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.589 to 0.751</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 2.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very HighTherapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48.44 to 60.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.785</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.569 to 1.264</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 2.3</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Table 7: Venous Whole Blood PT INR Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Interval</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Standard Deviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>AllSites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-therapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.38 to 1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093 to 0.131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4 to 9.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77 to 2.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.061 to 0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1 to 2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Very HighTherapeutic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.80 to 5.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.088</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064 to 0.141</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2 to 2.6</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

i. Linearity Not applicable.

# ii.Reportable range

The reportable range of the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was determined through a method comparison study by using venous and capillary whole blood specimens from subjects undergoing anticoagulant therapy with coumarin derivatives and from subjects who were not on anticoagulant therapy. The result of the reportable range is shown in

Table 8.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 8: Reportable Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test /Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReportableRange</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Prothrombin Time(PTplus)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8- 8.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1 - 80.8</td></tr></table>

c.Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods):

# iTraceability

i-STAT prothrombin time values are traceable to the World Health Organization (WHO) international reference measurement procedures using an International Reference Preparation (IRP) recommended by the WHO.

# d. Detection Limit

i. Limit of Quantitation (LoQ) Not applicable

ii. Limit of Blank and Detection (LoB/LoD) Not applicable.

iii. Other

# 1) Factor Sensitivity

The factor sensitivity for factors FII, FV, FVII and FX was determined using samples prepared by proportionately combining pooled normal plasma, red blood cells and factor-deficient plasma with various percent $( \% )$ factor activity ranging from $2 0 \% - 1 0 0 \%$ The factor sensitivity for the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ test was estimated to be $\mathrm { F I I } - 3 9 . 5 \%$ . $\mathrm { F V } - 4 2 . 0 \%$ : $\mathrm { F V I I } - 2 1 . 5 \%$ . $\mathrm { F X } - 2 2 . 0 \%$ .

# e. Analytical Specificity

# iInterference

The interference performance of the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ EY cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System was evaluated in the presence of potentially interfering endogenous or exogenous substances based on CLSI EP07-A2: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, 2nd Edition, CLSI EP07-ED3, and supplement document EP37-ED1. The effect of each substance at each prothrombin time level (normal and therapeutic) was evaluated by comparing the performance of a test sample spiked to a high concentration of the substance and a control sample spiked with an equal volume of solvent. For an identified interferent, a doseresponse was performed to determine the degree of interference as a function of the substance concentration. Table 9 contains the list of substances tested and the interference results.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 9: Potentially Interfering Substances and Test Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference(Yes/No)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferenceResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1324 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcetylsalicylicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.62 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5x10-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnconjugatedBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>684 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConjugatedBilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorhexidinedigluconate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0x10-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Increased results≥ 9.58x10-4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daptomycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Increased results≥ 0.22 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enoxaparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 IU/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Epsilon-aminocaproicacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39 mg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fondaparinux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.78 mg/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8x10-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 g/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2425 µmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oritavancin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414 mg/L*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Increased results≥ 104 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prasugrel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>265.5 ng/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7x10-2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TranexamicAcid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 μg/mL*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5x106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2x103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4x101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* No CLSI EP07-A2, EP07-ED3, or EP37-ED1 recommended test concentration available.

# ii. Other sensitivity studies

# 1) Fibrinogen Sensitivity

Fibrinogen sensitivity was evaluated across five (5) fibrinogen levels. The study demonstrated that the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is insensitive to fibrinogen across a concentration range of $6 3 - 7 0 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ In addition, results from the clinical method comparison study (including subjects receiving coumarin therapy as well as subjects not receiving coumarin therapy) supports insensitivity to fibrinogen in the range of 63  702 $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# 2) Platelet Sensitivity

Platelet sensitivity was evaluated at three (3) platelet levels (low, nominal, and high). The study demonstrated that the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is insensitive to platelets in the range of $7 0 , 0 0 0 - 6 7 0 { , } 0 0 0 / \mathrm { m m } ^ { 3 }$ . In addition, results from the clinical method comparison study (including subjects receiving coumarin therapy as well as subjects not receiving coumarin therapy) supports insensitivity to platelets in the range of $7 0 , 0 0 0 - 6 7 0 , 0 0 0 / \mathrm { { m m } ^ { 3 } }$ .

# 3Hematocrit Sensitivity

Hematocrit sensitivity was evaluated at three (3) hematocrit levels (low, nominal, and high). The study demonstrated that the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is insensitive to hematocrit in the range of 24 to $54 \%$ packed cell volume (PCV). In addition, results from the clinical method comparison study (including subjects receiving coumarin therapy as well as subjects not receiving coumarin therapy) supports insensitivity to hematocrit in the range of 24 to $54 \%$ PCV.

# 4) Heparin Sensitivity

Sensitivity to unfractionated heparin was evaluated at two (2) heparin levels. The study demonstrated that the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ EY cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is insensitive to unfractionated heparin concentrations up to $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

# 5) Sensitivity for Lupus Anticoagulant

Sensitivity to lupus anticoagulant antibodies (LA) was evaluated using two (2) levels (low and high) of positive LA and one (1) level of negative LA (control). The study demonstrated that the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT PTplus cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System is sensitive to both low and high levels of lupus anticoagulant antibodies.

# f. Assay cut-off

Not applicable.

# B. Comparison Studies

# a. Method Comparison with predicate device

Venous and capillary whole blood specimens were prospectively collected from subjects undergoing anticoagulant therapy with coumarin derivates and from subjects who were not on anticoagulant therapy at three (3) clinical sites. Both venous and capillary specimens were tested in duplicate on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer and were tested in singlicate on the Roche CoaguChek predicate device. The study design and analysis method were based on recommendations from CLSI EP09c Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples, $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ ed. Passing-Bablok regression analysis was performed for the first replicate of the i-STAT prothrombin time result versus the singlicate result from the CoaguChek. The results of the method comparison of venous whole blood and capillary whole blood samples are presented in Table 10 (seconds) and Table 11 (INR).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Ta 10: Method Comparison Results or i-TAT T Cartridge with i-STAT  System . CoaguChek® XS System(Seconds)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STAT 1PT (sec)Range</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CoaguChekPT (sec)Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correlatioon coefficient(R)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5-67.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8-84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 to 0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.736</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.715 to 0.757</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.708 to 1.920</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6-61.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1-83.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 to 0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.743</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.711 to 0.776</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.309 to 1.892</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>a  Method Comparison Results r i-TAT  Cartre withTAT  SystemCoaguChek® X ystem(INR)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STAT 1INR Range</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CoaguChekINR Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correlation coefficient(R)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 to 0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.857 to 0.906</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045 to 0.157</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-7.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 to 0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.885</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.846 to 0.923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009 to 0.171</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

# b. Method comparison with reference device

Venous and capillary whole blood specimens were prospectively collected from subjects undergoing anticoagulant therapy with coumarin derivates and from subjects who were not on anticoagulant therapy at three (3) clinical sites. Both venous and capillary specimens were tested in duplicate on the i-STAT 1 Analyzer and citrated plasma from the venous whole blood specimens was tested in duplicate on the Sysmex CS-2500 reference instrument using Dade Innovin reagent. The study design and analysis method were based on recommendations from CLSI EP09c Measurement Procedure Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples, $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ ed. PassingBablok regression analysis was performed for the first replicate of the i-STAT prothrombin time result versus the first replicate result from the Sysmex CS-2500. The results of the method comparison of venous whole blood and capillary whole blood samples is presented in Table 12 (seconds) and Table 13 (INR).

Ta : Method Comparison Result orSTAT  Cartrie withi-STAT  System Sysmex CS-500 (sn   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Table 12: Methoc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Tabl 2: Method Coparison Results orSTAT PTCartre with i-STAT1Systemv Sysmex S-2500 (son)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STAT 1PT (sec)Range</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SysmexPT (sec)Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correlation coefficient(R)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5-80.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7-83.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90 to 0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994 to 1.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.591</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.500 to 0.151</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6- 80.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7-83.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88 to 0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.979 to 1.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.052 to 0.641</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

a 1 Method Comparison Resultsor -STAT T Cartrige with i-STAT 1 System .Sysmex CS-2500 (R   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Carthdge witi 1-31AT T 3ysteil VS. 3ysilex C3-25u0 (INK)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>i-STAT 1INRRange</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SysmexINRRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Correlation coefficient(R)/</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90 to 0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000 to 1.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.079 to 0.075</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8-8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-8.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89 to 0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984 to 1.061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.029 to 0.127</td></tr></table>

\*Results with outliers included

# C. Expected Values/Reference range

# a.Reference range

A reference interval study was conducted with venous and capillary samples from apparently healthy adult subjects. Venous specimens were tested in singlicate and after testing venous blood, a capillary specimen from the subject was collected via fingerstick. Testing was performed with three cartridges lots on the i-STAT 1 System at three (3) clinical sites. Reference intervals for INR and seconds in venous and capillary samples were determined according to the CLSI Guideline EP28-A3c Defining, Establishing, and Verifying, Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory: Approved Guideline -Third Edition. The reference intervals established for each capillary and venous sample type are summarized in Table 14.

<table><tr><td colspan="5">Table 14: Reference Range for i-STAT PTplus Cartridge with i-STAT 1 System</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Type</td><td>N</td><td>Unit</td><td>Mean</td><td>Range</td></tr><tr><td>Capillary</td><td rowspan="2">146</td><td>INR*</td><td>1.1</td><td>0.9 - 1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Venous</td><td>Seconds**</td><td>10.6</td><td>9.0 - 13.8</td></tr><tr><td>154</td><td>INR* Seconds**</td><td>1.1 10.6</td><td>0.9 - 1.3 9.2 - 13.0</td></tr></table>

\*Pooled by sample type across all sites. eheuanvet R fn be observed.

# 8. Conclusion

The results of these studies demonstrate that performance of the prothrombin time test in the i-STAT $\mathrm { P T } ^ { p l u s }$ cartridge with the i-STAT 1 System are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.