August 4, 2023

Abbott Laboratories   
Neha Vatsyayan   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
4551 Great America Pkwy   
Santa Clara, California 95054

Re: K220031 Trade/Device Name: Alinity h-series System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKZ Dated: March 29, 2023 Received: March 31, 2023

Dear Neha Vatsyayan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Min Wu -S

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K220031

Device Name Alinity h-series System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alinity h-series System is an integrated hematology analyzer (Alinity hq) and slide maker stainer (Alinity hs) intended for screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories by qualified health care professionals. The Alinity h-series System can be configured as:

• One standalone automated hematology analyzer system.   
• A multimodule system that includes at least one Alinity hq analyzer module and may include one Alinity hs slide maker stainer module.

The Alinity hq analyzer module provides complete blood count and a 6-part white blood cell differential for normal and abnormal cells in capillary and venous whole blood collected in K2EDTA or K3EDTA. The Alinity hq analyzer provides quantitative results for the following measurands: WBC, NEU, $\% \mathrm { N }$ , LYM, $\% \mathrm { L }$ , MON, $\% \mathrm { \bf M }$ , EOS, $\% \mathrm { E }$ , BASO, $\% \mathrm { B }$ , IG, $\% \mathrm { I G }$ , RBC, HCT, HGB, MCV, MCH, MCHC, MCHr, RDW, NRBC, NR/W, RETIC, $\% 8$ , IRF, PLT, MPV, $\% \mathrm { r P }$ . The Alinity hq analyzer module is indicated to identify patients with hematologic parameters within and outside of established reference ranges. The Alinity hs slide maker stainer module automates whole blood film preparation and staining and stains externally prepared whole blood smears.

For in-vitro diagnostic use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Section 5: 510(k) Summary

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# I. Applicant Name

Abbott Laboratories 4551 Great America Pkwy, Santa Clara, CA 95054 Date Prepared: April 28, 2023

Contact:   
Neha Vatsyayan   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Abbott Diagnostics Division   
Phone: (408) 313 4401   
E-Mail: neha.vatsyayan@abbott.com

# II. Device Information

Trade name (proprietary name): Alinity h-series system   
Common name (usual name): Automated Hematology Analyzer and Slide Maker Stainer   
Classification Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter

# III. Regulatory Information

Alinity hq (Analyzer)   
Device Classification: Class II   
Regulation Description: Automated Differential Cell Counter   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR 864.5220   
Code: GKZ   
Alinity hs (Slide maker stainer)   
Device Classification: Class I   
Regulation Description: Automated Slide Stainer   
Governing Regulation: 21 CFR 864.3800   
Code: KPA

# IV. Predicate Device

Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20) Automated Hematology Analyzers (K112605)

# V. Device Description

The Alinity h-series system is a multimodule system that consists of different combinations of one or more of the following modules: a quantitative multi-parameter automated hematology analyzer (Alinity hq) and an automated slide maker stainer (Alinity hs). The modules are designed to fit together. Each module has an internal conveyor that enables racks of specimen tubes to be transported between modules. The system can move racks between modules to perform different tests on a given specimen (e.g., make slide smears on the Alinity hs).

# Principles of Operation

The Alinity hq uses flow cytometry and absorption spectrophotometry technologies to measure, count, and calculate hematological parameters in samples.

Two methods are used to introduce a specimen to the Alinity hq module:

Closed-tube processing mode Open-tube processing mode

The Alinity hs module creates and stains smears from whole blood samples in addition to staining externally prepared smears for morphologic review. The operator selects and may configure staining protocols as needed by the laboratory. The Alinity hs module is configured with the May-Grünwald-Giemsa stain or the Wright-Giemsa stain.

# Intended Use

The Alinity h-series system is an integrated hematology analyzer (Alinity hq) and slide maker stainer (Alinity hs) intended for screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories by qualified health care professionals. The Alinity h-series can be configured as:

One standalone automated hematology analyzer system.   
• A multimodule system that includes at least one Alinity hq analyzer module and may include one Alinity hs slide maker stainer module.

The Alinity hq analyzer module provides complete blood count and a 6-part white blood cell differential for normal and abnormal cells in capillary and venous whole blood collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ or $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ . The Alinity hq analyzer provides quantitative results for the following measurands: WBC, NEU, $\% \mathrm { N }$ , LYM, $\% \mathrm { L }$ , MONO, $\% \bf { M }$ , EOS, $\% \mathrm { E }$ , BASO, $\% 8$ , IG, $\% \mathrm { I G }$ , RBC, HCT, HGB, MCV, MCH, MCHC, MCHr, RDW, NRBC, NR/W, RETIC, $\% 8$ , IRF, PLT, MPV, $\% \mathrm { r P }$ . The Alinity hq analyzer module is indicated to identify patients with hematologic parameters within and outside of established reference ranges. The Alinity hs slide maker stainer module automates whole blood film preparation and staining and stains externally prepared whole blood smears.

For in-vitro diagnostic use.

Definitions of Reportable Parameters

Definitions of the reportable parameters are presented in Table 5-1.

Table 5-1 Peripheral Whole Blood Reportable Parameters   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Definition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>White Blood Cell Parameters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BASO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basophil absoluteconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basophil percentage of WBCs(%BASO)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EOS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eosinophil absoluteconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eosinophil percentage ofWBCs (%EOS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immature Granulocyteconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%IG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immature Granulocytepercentage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LYM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte absoluteconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lymphocyte percentage ofWBCs (%LYM)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MONO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monocyte absoluteconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%M</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monocyte percentage ofWBCs (%MON)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neutrophil absoluteconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neutrophil percentage ofWBCs (%NEU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>White Blood Cellconcentration</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Platelet Parameters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelet concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MPV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Platelet Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%rP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reticulated Plateletpercentage</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Definition</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Red Blood Cell Parameters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HGB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immature ReticulocyteFraction</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Cell Hemoglobin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCHC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Cell HemoglobinConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCHr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean cell hemoglobin ofthe reticulocyte</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Cell Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NRBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nucleated red blood cellabsolute concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR/W</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NRBCs per 100 WBCs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RETIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>reticulocyte concentration(RETC)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red Blood Cellconcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RDW</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>red blood cell distributionwidth</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reticulocyte percentage ofRBCs (%RETC)</td></tr></table>

# VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate device are presented in the Device Similarities and Differences tables below.

Table 5-2 Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Device Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:Alinity h-series System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Sysmex® XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Alinity h-series system is an integratedhematology analyzer (Alinity hq) and slidemaker stainer (Alinity hs) intended forscreening patient populations found inclinical laboratories by qualified health careprofessionals. The Alinity h-series can beconfigured as:One standalone automated hematologyanalyzer system.• A multimodule system that includes atleast one Alinity hq analyzer module andmay include one Alinity hs slide makerstainer module.The Alinity hq analyzer module providescomplete blood count and a 6-part whiteblood cell differential for normal andabnormal cells in capillary and venouswhole blood collected in K2EDTA orK3EDTA. The Alinity hq analyzer providesquantitative results for the followingmeasurands: WBC, NEU, %N, LYM, %L,MONO, %M, EOS, %E, BASO, %B,IG, %IG, RBC, HCT, HGB, MCV, MCH,MCHC, MCHr, RDW, NRBC, NR/W,RETIC, %R, IRF, PLT, MPV, %rP. TheAlinity hq analyzer module is indicated toidentify patients with hematologicparameters within and outside of establishedreference ranges. The Alinity hs slide makerstainer module automates whole blood filmpreparation and staining and stainsexternally prepared whole blood smears.For in-vitro diagnostic use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sysmex XN-10 and XN-20 modulesare quantitative multi-parameter automatedhematology analyzers intended for in vitrodiagnostic use in screening patientpopulations found in clinical laboratories.The XN-Series modules classify andenumerate the following parameters forwhole blood:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV, MCH,MCHC, PLT, NEUT%/#, LYMPH%/#,MONO%/#, EO%/#, BASO%/#,NRBC%/#, IG%/#, RDW-CV, RDW-SD,MPV, RET%/#, IRF, IPF, RET-He and hasa Body Fluid mode for body fluids. TheBody Fluid mode enumerates the WBC-BF,RBC-BF, MN%/#, PMN%/# and TC-BF#parameters in cerebrospinal fluids (CSF),serous fluids (peritoneal, pleural) andsynovial fluids. Whole blood should becollected in K2 or K3EDTA anticoagulantand serous and synovial fluids in K2EDTAanticoagulant to prevent clotting of fluid.The use of anticoagulants with CSFspecimens is neither required norrecommended.</td></tr></table>

Table 5-2, Continued Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Device Similarities (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:Alinity h-series System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Sysmex® XN-Series(XN-10, XN-20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performs hematology analysesaccording to flow cytometrymethod (using Hydro DynamicFocusing) and absorptionspectrophotometry method (usingcyan-methemoglobin).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performs hematology analysesaccording to flow cytometrymethod (using Hydro DynamicFocusing), and absorptionspectrophotometry method (usingsodium lauryl sulphate (SLS))</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameters 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood Mode:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV,MCH, MCHC, PLT,MPV, IRF,NEU, %N,LYM, %L,MONO, %M,EOS, %E,BASO, %B,NRBC, NR/W,IG, %IG,RETIC, %R,RDW,MCHr,%rP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood Mode:WBC, RBC, HGB, HCT, MCV,MCH, MCHC, PLT,MPV, IRF,NEUT%/#,LYMPH%/#,MONO%/#,EO%/#,BASO%/#,NRBC%/#,IG%/#,RET%/#,RDW-CV, RDW-SD,RET-He#,IPF</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use of Controls/Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IPU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Module connect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-Module connect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Aspiration/Fluidic Pathway</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single aspiration pathway</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single aspiration pathway</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software/Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rules based rerun / reflex</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rules-based rerun / reflex</td></tr></table>

Table 5-2, Continued Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Device Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:Alinity h-series System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Sysmex® XN-Series(XN-10, XN-20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Alinity h-series System usesflow cytometry method with HydroDynamic Focusing to analyze wholeblood samples including RBC and PLT.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sysmex XN-Series uses HydroDynamic Focusing (Direct CurrentDetection) for RBC and PLT.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable - Body Fluid testselection is not included in thissubmission.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Fluid Mode:WBC-BF, RBC-BF, MN%/#,PMN%/#, TC-BF#</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Applicable - Body Fluid is notincluded in this submission.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body Fluids [i.e., cerebrospinalfluids (CSF), serous fluids(peritoneal, pleural) and synovialfluids]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DiluentHGB ReagentWBC ReagentRetic Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CELLPACKTM DCL (Diluent)CELLPACKTM DFL (Diluent)LYSERCELL WNR (Lyse)LYSERCELL WDF (Lyse)LYSERCELL WPC (Lyse)FLUOROCELL WNR (Stain)FLUOROCELL WDF (Stain)FLUOROCELL RET (Stain)FLUOROCELL PLT (Stain)FLUOROCELL WPC (Stain)SULFOLYSER® (Lyse)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls/Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood:Calibrator - Alinity h-series HemCalControl - Alinity h-series Control 29PNo Body Fluids Mode on Alinity hq.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole Blood:XN-Check - 3 Levels• XN CAL (XN-10/X-20Calibrator•XN CAL PF (Platelet FCalibratorBody Fluid:• XN Check BF  2 Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringChannels/MethodsSelection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>• CBC+Diff (for RBC, WBC, and PLT)• CBC+Diff+Retic (for RBC, WBC,PLT and Retic)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RET/PLT•WNR, WDF, WNR, WPC (Notavailable in XN-10)PLT-F</td></tr></table>

Table 5-2, Continued Device Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Device Differences (Continued)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device:Alinity h-series System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Sysmex® XN-Series(XN-10, XN-20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modules Connected tothe Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RequiredWater Purification SystemSystem Control Center Computer (SCC)OptionalLaboratory Automation System (LAS) forautomatic sample loading</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IPU (Informationprocessing unit)Pneumatic Unit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Transfer Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB, Internet, and Intranet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB, CD-R, Internet,and Intranet</td></tr></table>

VII. Performance Characteristics:

# A. Analytical Performance:

# 1. Method Comparison

The method comparison study was conducted based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute CLSI EP09c, 3rd edition2 to assess the performance of the Alinity hq when compared to the predicate device, Sysmex (XN-10, XN-20) (K112605). A total of 2,194 unique venous and/or capillary specimens collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA tubes from pediatric $\leq 2 1$ years) and adult $( > 2 1$ years) subjects including a wide variety of disease states (clinical conditions) were tested across 7 clinical sites. For each measurand, each specimen was tested within 8 hours from the time of collection in 1 replicate using either the Closed or Open tube processing mode in the CBC+Diff+Retic test selection on the Alinity h-series System and in 1 replicate on the Sysmex (XN-10, XN-20) System.

Passing-Bablok and Deming regression analyses were performed with the investigational method as the dependent variable (y) and the predicate method as the independent variable (x).

Bias at the critical points (the upper and lower limits of the reference ranges and relevant medical decision levels) were also evaluated for each site individually and for all sites combined. All results were within the predefined acceptance criteria and found to be acceptable. The method comparison results are shown in the table below.

# All Sites Combined - Regression Analysis

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07 - 436.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(1.00, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(1.00, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01(0.00, 0.03)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%N (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.56 - 98.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(1.00, 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22(-0.10, 0.50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%L (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34 - 84.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(1.00, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(0.99, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08(0.00, 0.16)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%M (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 - 49.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98(0.97, 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.98, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03(-0.13, 0.06)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%E (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 37.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02(1.01, 1.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02(0.01, 0.03)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%B (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 8.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45(0.41, 0.49)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53(1.47, 1.59)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14(-0.17, -0.11)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%IG (%)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1545</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 12.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59(0.56, 0.62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.59(0.45, 0.73)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.30(-0.44, -0.15)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NR/Wa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1949</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 228.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97(0.93, 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.07(-0.13, -0.01)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC (X 10%/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60 - 8.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(0.99, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04(0.03, 0.06)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HGB (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64 - 23.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(1.00, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24(0.21, 0.28)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCT (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.92 - 86.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02(1.01, 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.49(-0.68, -0.29)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCV (fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.40 - 131.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95(0.94, 0.95)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05(1.03, 1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.56(-6.06, -3.12)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCH (pg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.30 - 47.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98(0.97, 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97(0.96, 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25(0.94, 1.52)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCHC (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.00 - 39.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66(0.63, 0.68)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97(0.92, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51(0.40, 2.90)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%R (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12 - 20.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97(0.96, 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.06(1.04, 1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01(-0.01, 0.03)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1935</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89(0.88, 0.90)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94(0.92, 0.96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01(-0.01, -0.01)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.21 - 5144.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97(0.97, 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27(-0.41, 1.08)</td></tr></table>

aA summary of the Deming regression model is presented for NRBC, NR/W, IG, and $\% \mathrm { I G }$ . A summary of the PassingBablok regression model is presented for all other measurands.

# All Sites Combined - Regression Analysis (Continued)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MPV (fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1723</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.04 - 13.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73(0.71, 0.75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94(0.91, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29(-0.14, 0.65)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%rP (%)b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55 - 42.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82(0.81, 0.84)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78(0.76, 0.80)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62(0.55, 0.69)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCHr (pg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1933</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.89 - 45.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84(0.82, 0.85)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09(1.06, 1.12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.28(-2.27, -0.29)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEU (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 - 55.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00(1.00, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01(1.01, 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00(-0.02, 0.02)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LYM (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 - 27.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02(0.01, 0.03)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MONO (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 8.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02(1.01, 1.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02(-0.03, -0.01)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EOS (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1712</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 4.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99(0.99, 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02(1.01, 1.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00(0.00, 0.00)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BASO (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1854</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 8.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22(0.18, 0.26)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.31(1.27, 1.37)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00(-0.01, 0.00)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IG (X 103/μL)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1545</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81(0.80, 0.83)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01(0.85, 1.18)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.07(-0.09, -0.05)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NRBC (X 103/μL)a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 17.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91(0.90, 0.92)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88(0.70, 1.07)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01(0.00, 0.02)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RDW (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.10 - 32.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94(0.93, 0.94)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86(0.84, 0.87)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.23(2.06, 2.45)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RETIC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1935</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96 - 614.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96(0.96, 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05(1.04, 1.06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79(0.02, 1.64)</td></tr></table>

a A summary of the Deming regression model is presented for NRBC, NR/W, IG, and $\% 1 0 .$ . A summary of the PassingBablok regression model is presented for all other measurands. $\mathbf { b _ { \lambda } } \mathbf { 0 } _ { \mathrm { / o r P } }$ $( \% )$ on Alinity h-series System is equivalent to the Sysmex XN-10 IPF measurand.

# All Sites Combined - Estimated Bias at Critical Points

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Critical Points</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HGB (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16, 0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03, 2.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13, 0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09, 1.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09, 0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53, 0.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>HCT (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.37, -0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.61, -0.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06, 0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18, 0.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22, 0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46, 0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51, 1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72, 1.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MCV (fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.70, -0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.88, -0.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31, 0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31, 0.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RDW (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54, 0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.64, 5.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20, 0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.46, 1.93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>WBC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03, 2.40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02, 0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01, 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10, 0.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08, 0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.26, 0.13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%N (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25, 0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62, 1.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40, 0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57, 0.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%L (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03, 0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14, 0.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.23, 0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.46, 0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%M (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.11, -0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.79, -0.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.12, -0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.53, -0.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%E (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01, 0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11, 0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81, 3.42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%B (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.18, -0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80, 1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.05, 50.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>NEU (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01, 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.99, 4.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03, 1.85</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04, 0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.66, 1.12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13, 0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53, 1.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LYM (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27, 1.28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04, 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.89, 0.05</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N A } = \mathrm { N o t }$ applicable since the critical point is zero.

# All Sites Combined - Estimated Bias at Critical Points (Continued)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Critical Points</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MONO (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02, -0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10.18, -5.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.24, 0.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>EOS (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01, 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.96, 3.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02, 0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56, 3.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BASO (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01, 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05, 0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.67, 34.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26, 0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.66, 36.94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%IG (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.44, -0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.74, -0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-70.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-73.67, -68.25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.26, -0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-56.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-62.86, -49.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NR/W</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.13, -0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.15, -0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-15.36, -3.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RBC (X 106/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00, 0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03, 0.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02, 0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.42, -0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MCH (pg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43, 0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60, 1.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27, 0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85, 1.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MCHC (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39, 0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20, 1.55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18, 0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49, 1.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>RETIC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86, 2.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.80, 9.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.09, 8.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72, 6.36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%R (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04, 0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.79, 8.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12, 0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.24, 6.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01, -0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-30.19, -20.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04, -0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.72, -6.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>PLT (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.75, 0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.51, 8.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.06, -3.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.06, -2.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.55, -10.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.27, -2.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-29.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-33.97, -24.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.40, -2.46</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N A } =$ Not applicable since the critical point is zero.

# All Sites Combined - Estimated Bias at Critical Points (Continued)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Critical Points</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%Bias</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estimate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MPV (fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.23, 0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.61, 0.93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.38, -0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.44, -2.68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>%rP (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35, 0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.65, 45.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.03, -0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-13.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14.70, -11.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MCHr (pg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11, 1.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.83, 5.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62, 1.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.70, 5.64</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N A } =$ Not applicable since the critical point is zero.

# 2. Sensitivity and Specificity

The Sensitivity and Specificity study was performed based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document CLSI H20-A23.

Sensitivity and specificity performance of the Alinity h-series System was assessed by identifying distributional abnormalities and morphological flags using blood films from venous and capillary specimens collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA tubes.

For this analysis, separate $2 \mathbf { x } 2$ tables were constructed in order to determine sensitivity for both morphological and distributional abnormalities. The sample size $( \mathrm { N } )$ and numbers of true positives (TP), false positives (FP), true negatives (TN), false negatives (FN), sensitivity, specificity, and efficiency are presented in the table below. All results were within the predefined acceptance criteria and found to be acceptable.

All Sites Combined – Sensitivity and Specificity   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Any Morphological Flags and/orDistributional Abnormalities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95% CI )</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Efficiency(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.19%(75.38%,84.43%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.40%(71.64%,80.72%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.19%(74.88%,81.25%</td></tr></table>

# 3. Precision (Repeatability)

Precision was performed based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document $_ { \mathrm { H } 2 6 - \mathrm { A } 2 ^ { 4 } }$ . Samples from 32 unique donors (16 normal and 16 pathological around medical decision points) were collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ tubes and tested in a minimum of 32 consecutive replicates for normal samples and a minimum of 10 consecutive replicates for pathological samples. The mean, standard deviation (SD), coefficient of variation (CV), and $9 5 \%$ CI were calculated for each parameter. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria and were determined to be acceptable.

# 4. System Reproducibility

Reproducibility was performed based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP05-A35.

The reproducibility study was performed at three clinical sites using a single lot of Alinity h-series 29P Control (low, normal, high). Each control level was tested for 5 days with 3 runs per day and in a minimum of 2 replicates per run. The within-laboratory $\% \mathrm { C V }$ or SD for each control level were calculated and presented in the table below. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria and were determined to be acceptable.

All Sites Combined – Reproducibility Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>WBC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.138</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>NEU (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.58</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>LYM (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>MONO (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>03/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>EOS (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.61</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N A } { = } \mathrm { N o t }$ Applicable; $\% C V s$ are not meaningful when measurand result approaches zero. a Reproducibility contains repeatability, between-run, between-day, and between-device variance components.

All Sites Combined – Reproducibility Study (Continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>BASO (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>IG (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NRBC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RBC (X 10%μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HGB (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.094</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.097</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td></tr></table>

NA=Not Applicable; $\% C V s$ are not meaningful when measurand result approaches zero. a Reproducibility contains repeatability, between-run, between-day, and between-device variance components.

All Sites Combined – Reproducibility Study (Continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HCT (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.209</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.218</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.269</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.468</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.493</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.897</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MCV (fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.185</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.332</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.461</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.092</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.308</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MCH (pg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.253</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.244</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.495</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.607</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MCHC (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.330</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.563</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.07</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RDW (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.090</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.676</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.705</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.068</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.05</td></tr></table>

NA=Not Applicable; $\% C V s$ are not meaningful when measurand result approaches zero. a Reproducibility contains repeatability, between-run, between-day, and between-device variance components.

All Sites Combined – Reproducibility Study (Continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>RETIC (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.340</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.535</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.632</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.478</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.805</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.825</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.441</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.734</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>IRF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.052</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>PLT (X 103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.508</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.317</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.429</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.454</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.380</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.726</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>478.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.653</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.889</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MPV (fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.038</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%rP (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.095</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32</td></tr></table>

NA=Not Applicable; $\% C V s$ are not meaningful when measurand result approaches zero. a Reproducibility contains repeatability, between-run, between-day, and between-device variance components.

All Sites Combined – Reproducibility Study (Continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Laboratorya</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%B (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.38</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.32</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.111</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%IG (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.780</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.572</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.603</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.465</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.378</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.599</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.379</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.709</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NR/W</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.384</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.093</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.396</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.73</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>%R (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.173</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.087</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.084</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.43</td></tr></table>

$\mathrm { N A } { = } \mathrm { N o t }$ Applicable; $\% C V s$ are not meaningful when measurand result approaches zero. a Reproducibility contains repeatability, between-run, between-day, and between-device variance components.

# 5. Linearity

Linearity was evaluated based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP06 2nd edition6.

Linearity for RBC, HGB, and NRBC was determined using whole blood to span the analytical measuring interval of each measurand. Linearity for WBC, PLT, and RETIC was determined using commercially available linearity kits. For each measurand, the testing minimally included:

• 9 levels   
• 4 replicates of each level   
• 1 instrument   
• 1 set of reagent lots

A weighted linear regression analysis was used to assess linearity for each measurand. Results are presented in the table below. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria and were determined to be acceptable.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 8.08 x 10%μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HGB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04  24.14 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NRBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 26.10 x 103/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00 - 449. x 103/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 - 5325 x 103/μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RETIC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 - 644. x 103/μL</td></tr></table>

# 6. Carryover

Alinity hq susceptibility to potential carryover was evaluated based on guidance from the Clinical Laboratory and Standards Institute (CLSI) document H26-A2.7 Venous whole blood specimens were collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA tubes. For each measurand, a minimum of 4 carryover runs was completed at each of 4 testing sites for a minimum of 16 total carryover runs per measurand, where each run consisted of testing a high target specimen in 3 replicates followed by testing a low target specimen in 3 replicates. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria and were determined to be acceptable.

# 7. Potentially Interfering Substances Study

The susceptibility of the Alinity h-series System to interference in the presence of hemoglobin, triglycerides, bilirubin, cholesterol, elevated WBCs, elevated RBCs, elevated PLTs, and microcytic RBCs was tested in samples collected in K2EDTA tubes. Results are presented in the table below. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria and were determined to be acceptable.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand Impacted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, MCV, PLT, RETIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.15 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, MCV, RETIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bilirubin - unconjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.080 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, PLT, RETIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.040 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MCV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin - conjugated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.080 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, MCV, PLT, RETIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, MCV, RETIC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated WBCs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.0 x 103 cells/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC, PLT, HGB, MPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated RBCs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No interference was observed across the measuring range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elevated PLTs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2840 x 103 cells/μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC, RBC, HGB, MPV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microcytic RBCs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microcytosis (MCV &lt; 57 fL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT</td></tr></table>

# VIII. Other Supportive Instrument Performance Data

# 1. Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation (LoB, LoD, and LoQ)

Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation were established for the measurands WBC, RBC, HGB, and PLT based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) documents EP17-A28 and $\mathrm { H } 2 6 { - } \mathbf { A } 2 ^ { 9 }$ .

Testing was conducted over a minimum of 3 days using a minimum of 2 unique samples per day on each of 2 test selections (CBC+Diff and CBC+Diff+Retic) in a minimum of 5 replicates using each of the 2 sets of reagent lots. The maximum observed limit of blank (LoB), limit of detection (LoD), and limit of quantitation (LoQ) values are summarized in the table below. All results met the predefined acceptance criteria and were determined to be acceptable.

# Limits of Blank, Detection, and Quantitation (LoB, LoD, and LoQ)

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WBC (x103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RBC (x106/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HGB (g/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PLT (x103/μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td></tr></table>

# 2. Specimen Stability

For venous specimen stability, a minimum of 10 abnormal and 10 normal venous whole blood specimens $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA and $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 }$ EDTA tubes. Each specimen was tested in a minimum of 2 replicates. For capillary specimen stability, a minimum of 20 normal whole blood specimens were collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ and K3EDTA tubes. Each specimen was tested in a minimum of 1 replicate. All samples were tested within 4 hours (baseline) of specimen collection. Samples stored at Refrigerated Temperature $\left( 2 \mathrm { - } 8 ^ { \mathrm { o } } \mathrm { C } \right)$ ) were tested at up to 24 hours after specimen collection. Samples stored at Room Temperature $1 8 \mathrm { - } 2 6 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ were tested at up to 48 hours after specimen collection. The results were used to support the information provided in the system labeling for venous and capillary specimen stability.

# 3. Anticoagulant Comparability (K3EDTA versus K2EDTA)

Anticoagulant Comparability (K3EDTA versus $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA) was evaluated based on guidance from CLSI EP35 1st ed10. A total of 199 unique adult and pediatric donor sets covering relevant medical decision levels and reference ranges and spanning the analytical measurement ranges to the extent possible were tested in 2 replicates for each measurand. The performance between the anticoagulant tube type $\mathrm { K } _ { 3 } \mathrm { E D T A } )$ and anticoagulant tube type ( $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA) was compared.

Comparability between the anticoagulants was assessed based on the mean difference or $\%$ difference and a regression analysis using either a PassingBablok or Deming regression model. All reportable parameters that were evaluated met their predefined bias acceptance criteria.

# 4. Microtainer Capillary versus Microtube for Automated Process (MAP)

Comparability between the $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA Microtainer Capillary tube versus $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA Microtainer Microtube for Automated Process (MAP) was evaluated based on guidance from CLSI document $\mathrm { E P 3 5 ~ l ^ { s t } e d ^ { 1 1 } }$ . A total of 44 unique donor sets (normal whole blood specimens) were collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA Microtainer Capillary and Microtainer Microtube for Automated Process (MAP) blood collection tubes. Each specimen was tested in 1 replicate in the open-tube processing mode for each measurand.

Comparability between the capillary tube types was assessed based on the mean difference or $\%$ difference and a regression analysis using either a PassingBablok or Deming regression model. All reportable parameters that were evaluated met their predefined bias acceptance criteria.

# 5. Matrix Comparability (Capillary versus Venous)

Matrix Comparability (Capillary versus Venous) was evaluated based on guidance from CLSI EP35 1st ed.12 A total of 76 unique venous and capillary donor sets (normal and abnormal whole blood specimens) were collected in Microtainer Microtube for Automated Process (MAP) Microtubes (capillary specimens) and standard $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA tubes (venous specimens). Each specimen was tested in 2 replicates for each measurand.

Comparability between capillary and venous matrices was assessed based on the mean difference or $\%$ difference and a regression analysis using either a Passing-Bablok or Deming regression model. All reportable parameters that were evaluated met their predefined bias acceptance criteria.

# 6. Sample/Tube Processing Mode Comparability (Open Mode versus Closed Mode)

Sample processing mode comparability was evaluated based on guidance from CLSI EP35 1st ed.11 A total of 226 unique venous specimens covering relevant medical decision levels and reference ranges and spanning the analytical

measurement ranges to the extent possible were collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 }$ EDTA tubes. Each specimen was tested in 2 replicates in the closed-tube and open-tube processing modes for each measurand.

Comparability between the sample/tube processing modes was assessed based on the mean difference or $\%$ difference and a regression analysis using either a Passing-Bablok or Deming regression model. All reportable parameters that were evaluated met their predefined bias acceptance criteria.

# 7. Reference Intervals (Expected Values)

The study was performed based on guidance from the Clinical Laboratory and Standards Institute (CLSI) document $\mathrm { E P } 2 8 \mathrm { - } \mathrm { A } 3 \mathrm { c } ^ { 1 3 }$ to establish adult $( > 2 1$ years old) reference intervals for male and female populations and pediatric $( \leq 2 1$ years old) reference intervals for all subgroups (neonate, infant, child, and adolescent). Reference intervals were established by evaluating venous or capillary whole blood specimens collected in $\mathrm { K } _ { 2 } \mathrm { E D T A }$ tubes from apparently healthy subjects.

A total of 261 unique venous and 1 capillary whole blood specimens collected from 126 male and 136 female adult subjects were tested in a minimum of 1 replicate to establish adult reference intervals. A total of 360 venous or capillary specimens from pediatric sub-populations: 61 neonates (birth to 1 month); 68 infant $\left. > 1 \right.$ month to 2 years old), 109 child $> 2$ to 12 years old), and 122 adolescents $( > 1 2$ to 21 years old) were tested in 1 replicate to establish pediatric reference intervals for each measurand.

# IX. Conclusion

The results presented in this 510(k) Pre-market Notification demonstrate that the performance of the subject device, Alinity h-series System, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Sysmex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ XN-Series (XN-10, XN-20).

The similarities and differences between the subject device and predicate device are presented in Section 5-VI.

There is no known potential adverse effect to the operator when using the subject device, Alinity h-series System according to its Operations Manual.