September 29, 2023

Instrumentation Laboratory Co.   
Nikita Malladi   
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K221359 Trade/Device Name: ACL TOP 970 CL, HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM, HemosIL CL Anti-ß2 Glycoprotein-I IgM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose System For In Vitro Coagulation Studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA, MID, MSV Dated: May 10, 2022 Received: May 11, 2022

Dear Nikita Malladi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, Min Wu -S

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

ACL TOP 970 CL, HemoslL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM and HemoslL CL Anti-82 Glycoprotein-1 IgM

Indications for Use (Describe)

# ACL TOP 970 CL

The ACL TOP 970 CL is a bench top, fully automated, random access analyzer designed specifically for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in a clinical laboratory.

The system provides results for both direct measurements and calculated parameters.

HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM   
HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM is a fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgM antibodies in human $3 . 2 \%$ or $3 . 8 \%$ citrated plasma on the ACL TOP 970 CL in the laboratory setting by a healthcare professional, as an aid in the diagnosis of Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.   
For use with adult population. For prescription use only. HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-1 IgM   
HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-1 IgM is a fully automated chemiluminescent immunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-B2 Glycoprotein-1 (anti-B2GPI) IgM antibodies in human $3 . 2 \%$ or $3 . 8 \%$ citrated plasma on the ACL TOP 970 CL in the laboratory setting by a healthcare professional, as an aid in the diagnosis of Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.   
For use with adult population. For prescription use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# werfen

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. 180 Hartwell Road Bedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr><tr><td>Contact 1 (Primary)</td><td>Nikita Malladi, Regulatory Affairs Manager I Phone: 781-353-1486 Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>Email: nmalladi@werfen.com September 28, 2023</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="4">Device Trade Names</td><td>ACL TOP 970 CL</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Predicate Devicesand 510(k) Numbers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL AcuStar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K083518</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K092181</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K091556</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Regulatory Information</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>ACL TOP 970 CL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.5425</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multipurpose system for in vitro coagulation studies</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>HemosIL CLAnti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Chemiluminescent Assays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.5660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test, Anti-cardiolipin Immunological</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology (82)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>HemosIL CLAnti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 866.5660</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, Test, Antibodies, β2 - Glycoprotein I (β2 - Gpi)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MSV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunology (82)</td></tr></table>

# Reasons for Submission

This Traditional $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ is submitted by Instrumentation Laboratory Co. for the following reasons:

• To obtain FDA clearance for the ACL TOP 970 CL instrument To obtain FDA clearance for two new immunoassays (HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM and HemosIL CL Anti- $\cdot \ B _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM)

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Device Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Instrument</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP 970 CL Instrument</td><td>The ACL TOP 970 CL is an instrument that integrates new chemiluminescent test capability similar to the ACL AcuStar, K083518.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Chemiluminescent Assays</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassay consisting of magnetic particles coated with cardiolipin and human purified B2GPI, which capture, if present, the aCL antibodies from the sample. After incubation, magnetic separation, and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human IgM antibody is added and may bind with the captured aCL IgM on the particles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and wash step, reagents that trigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relative light units (RLU) by the ACL TOP 970 CL optical system. RLUs are directly proportional to the aCL IgM concentration in the sample.</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassay consisting of magnetic particles coated with human purified B2GPI, which capture, if present, the aB2GPI antibodies from the sample. After incubation, magnetic separation, and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human IgM antibody is added and may bind with the captured aB2GPI IgM on the particles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and wash step, reagents that trigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relative light units (RLUs) by the ACL TOP 970 CL optical system. RLUs are directly proportional to the aB2GPI IgM concentration in the sample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended Use / Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Instrument</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP 970 CL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP 970 CL is a bench top, fully automated, random access analyzerdesigned specifically for in vitro diagnostic use by health care professionals in aclinical laboratory.The system provides results for both direct measurements and calculatedparameters.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Assays</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CLAnti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM is a fully automated chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL)IgM antibodies in human 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasma on the ACL TOP® 970CL in the laboratory setting by a healthcare professional, as an aid in thediagnosis of Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.For use with adult population. For prescription use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CLAnti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM is a fully automated chemiluminescentimmunoassay for the semi-quantitative measurement of anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I(anti-B2GPI) IgM antibodies in human 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasma on the ACLTOP® 970 CL in the laboratory setting by a healthcare professional, as an aid inthe diagnosis of Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used in conjunctionwith other laboratory and clinical findings.For use with adult population. For prescription use only.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">ACL TOP 970 CL Instrument Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device No.: K083518</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL AcuStar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP 970 CL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL AcuStar is an automatedimmunoassay analyzer designedspecifically for in vitro diagnostic use in aclinical laboratory. The assay analysis isbased on chemiluminescent technology.The system provides results for both directmeasurements and calculated parameters.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACL TOP 970 CL is a bench top, fullyautomated, random access analyzer designedspecifically for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals in a clinical laboratory.The system provides results for both directmeasurements and calculated parameters.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated QC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated QC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescence reading unit and photomultiplier tube (PMT)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similar chemiluminescence reading unit and PhotoMultiplier Tube (PMT) to the ACL AcuStar.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows 7 Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Windows 10 Operating System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Tb HCardiolipin IgM, and its predicate device, the currently marketed HemosLAcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM (K092181).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K092181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM is afully automated chemiluminescent assay for thesemi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgM antibodies in humancitrated plasma and serum on the ACL AcuStar,as an aid in the diagnosis of thrombotic disordersrelatedto   primary   and  secondaryAntiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used inconjunction with other laboratory and clinicalfindings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM is a fullyautomated chemiluminescent immunoassay forthe semi-quantitative measurement of anti-cardiolipin (aCL) IgM antibodies in human 3.2%or 3.8% citrated plasma on the ACL TOP® 970CL in the laboratory setting by a healthcareprofessional, as an aid in the diagnosis ofAntiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) when used inconjunction with other laboratory and clinicalfindings.For use with adult population. For prescriptionuse only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-step chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1: 1 x 1 mL barcoded tube of a solutionwith aCL IgM in saline solution containing bovinefetal serum, stabilizers, and preservative.Calibrator 2: 1 x 1 mL barcoded tube of a solutionwith aCL IgM in saline solution containing bovinefetal serum, stabilizers, and preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1: 1 x 1.2 mL barcoded vial of asolution with aCL IgM in saline solutioncontaining bovine fetal serum, stabilizers, andpreservative.Calibrator 2: 1 x 1.2 mL barcoded vial of asolution with aCL IgM in saline solutioncontaining bovine fetal serum, stabilizers, andpreservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 cartridge containing 1 vial of magnetic particlesuspension coated with bovine cardiolipin andhuman purified β2GPI, 1 vial of assay buffer, 1 vialof tracer consisting of an anti-human IgM antibodylabeled with isoluminol, and 1 vial of samplediluent used for the regular predilution of thesample and automated dilution in the rerun. Thereagents are in a phosphate or borate buffercontaining bovine serum albumin, bovinecardiolipin, human β2GPI, mouse monoclonal IgM,stabilizers, and preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 cartridge containing 1 vial of magnetic particlesuspension coated with bovine cardiolipin andhuman purified B2GPI, 1 vial of assay buffer, 1vial of tracer consisting of an anti-human IgMantibody labeled with isoluminol, and 1 vial ofsample diluent. The reagents are in a phosphateor borate buffer containing bovine serumalbumin, bovine cardiolipin, human B2GPI,mouse monoclonal IgM, stabilizers, andpreservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM Comparison to Predicate Device (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K092181</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or Citrated Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low and high controls (sold separately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different control material, with two levels at ornear cut-off and at abnormal level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 - 774 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7 - 500.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">When the rerun capability of the instrument isactivated, the instrument makes an automaticdilution and corrects the final result for the dilutionfactor (20x), thereby expanding the test range to15,480 U/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The assay is not affected by prozone effect. Theassay protocol has a washing step after the sampleincubation that precludes the prozone effect.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TGyc M evSGy M </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K091556</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgMis a fully automated chemiluminescentimmunoassayfor the semi-quantitativemeasurement of anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I (anti-β2GPI) IgM antibodies in human citrated plasmaand serum on the ACL AcuStar, as an aid in thediagnosis of thrombotic disorders related toprimary and secondary AntiphospholipidSyndrome (APS) when used in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM is afully      automated      chemiluminescentimmunoassayfor the semi-quantitativemeasurement of anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I (anti-B2GPI) IgM antibodies in human 3.2% or 3.8%citrated plasma on the ACL TOP® 970 CL in thelaboratory setting by a healthcare professional,as an aid in the diagnosis of AntiphospholipidSyndrome (APS) when used in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.For use with adult population. For prescriptionuse only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Semi-quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-step chemiluminescent immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.0 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1: 1 x 1 mL barcoded tube of a solutionwith a2GPI IgM in a phosphate buffer containingbovine serum albumin, stabilizers, andpreservative.Calibrator 2: 1 x 1 mL barcoded tube of a solutionwith a2GPI IgM in a phosphate buffer containingbovine serum albumin, stabilizers,andpreservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator 1: 1 x 1.2 mL barcoded vial of asolution with a2GPI IgM in a phosphate buffercontaining bovine serum albumin, stabilizers, andpreservative.Calibrator 2: 1 x 1.2 mL barcoded vial of asolution with aB2GPI IgM in a phosphate buffercontaining bovine serum albumin, stabilizers, andpreservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 cartridge containing 1 vial of a magnetic particlesuspension coated with human purified B2GPI, 1vial of assay buffer, 1 vial of tracer consisting ofan anti-human IgM antibody labeled withisoluminol, and 1 vial of sample diluent used forthe regular predilution of the sample and automaticdilution in rerun. The reagents are in a phosphatebuffer containing bovine serum albumin, humanB2GPI, mouse monoclonal IgM, stabilizers, andpreservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 cartridge containing 1 vial of a magnetic particlesuspension coated with human purified B2GPI, 1vial of assay buffer, 1 vial of tracer consisting ofan anti-human IgM antibody labeled withisoluminol, and 1 vial of sample diluent. Thereagents are in a phosphate buffer containingbovine serum albumin, human B2GPI, mousemonoclonal IgM, stabilizers, and preservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM Comparison to Predicate Device (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: K091556</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar Anti-β2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or Citrated Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality Control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low and high controls (sold separately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different control material with two levels at ornear cut-off and at abnormal level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Limit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1 - 841 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9 - 400.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">When the rerun capability of the instrument isactivated, the instrument makes an automaticdilution and corrects the final result for the dilutionfactor (20x), thereby expanding the test range to16,820 U/mL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The assay is not affected by prozone effect. Theassay protocol has a washing step after thesample incubation that precludes the prozoneeffect.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sample incubation th</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mulb ond ia aup ti eayv   CLCL</td></tr><tr><td>The table below shows the aggregated data for the 3 reagent lots.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot-to-Lot Variability (% CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>396.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Precision (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td>A   . H The table below shows.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot-to-Lot Variability (% CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Reproducibility HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td></tr><tr><td>the assay range, 4 plasma samples (3 positive and 1 negative) were also tested across the 3 sites. Each material was tested in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level.</td></tr></table>

The pooled data for a representative reagent lot is presented below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighMulti-AbControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSample 1(pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSample 2(pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSample 3(unadulterated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSaple 4(pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>402.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Reproducibility (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>A</td></tr><tr><td>HnoT anan 3 pivniv weo.</td></tr><tr><td>Each material was tested in triplicate, twice a day for 5 days, for a total of 30 replicates per level.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/ML)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowMulti-AbControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighMulti-AbControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSample 1(pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSaample 2(pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSample 3(unadulterated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalSample 4(unadulterated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Analytical Sensitivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Limit of detection (LoD) was assessed per CLSI EP17-A2 (2nd Edition) using three different lots of HemosIL CLAnti-Cardiolipin IgM and threedifferent lots of HemosIL CL Anti-2 Glycoprotein-I IgM reagent cartridges. LoDsamples were prepared by combining Ab-positive donor plasma and normal donor plasma per protocol. Based onthe results, following are the limits of detection (LoDs) for the two assays:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linearity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Linearity was assessed per CLSI EP06 (2nd Edition) using three different lots of HemosIL CL Anti-CardiolipinIM and three different lotsof HemosILCL Anti- Glycoprotein-I IgM reagent cartridges.For each assay, a seof linearity samples were prepared by diluting a high antibody plasma sample with a negative antibody plasmasample tocreate the require sampl concenrations.Each level was measured in sevenreplicates with the reelots for each assay. The linearity range was determined such that all acceptance criteria were met.Based on the results, following are the linear ranges for the two assays:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7 - 500.0 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9 - 400.0 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The assay is not affected by prozone effect. The assayprotocol has a washing step after the sampleincubation that precludes the prozone effect.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The assay is not affected by prozone effect. The assayprotocol has a washing step after the sample incubationthat precludes the prozone effect.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Analytical Specificity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Interference testing was performed in accordance with CLSI EP07 (3rd Edition) using HemosIL CL Anti- Cardiolipin IgM and HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM reagent cartridges. Based on the results, following are the interference claims for the two assays:</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td>HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td>No interference for:</td><td>No interference for:</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin up to 1000 mg/dL</td><td>Hemoglobin up to 1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin up to 40 mg/dL</td><td>Bilirubin up to 40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides up to 1500 mg/dL •</td><td>• Triglycerides up to 1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Heparin (LMW and UF) up to 3.3 IU/mL</td><td>Heparin (LMW and UF) up to 3.3 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor up to 500 IU/mL</td><td>Rheumatoid Factor up to 500 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid up to 3 mg/dL</td><td>Acetylsalicylic acid up to 3 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Atorvastatin up to 0.075 mg/dL</td><td>Atorvastatin up to 0.075 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Warfarin up to 7.5 mg/dL •</td><td>Warfarin up to 7.5 mg/dL •</td></tr><tr><td>Prednisone up to 9.90E-03 mg/dL •</td><td>Prednisone up to 9.90E-03 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Acid Citric Dextrose up to 4.5 g/dL •</td><td>• Acid Citric Dextrose up to 4.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Hydroxychloroquine up to 777.6 ng/mL</td><td>• Hydroxychloroquine up to 777.6 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rituximab up to 318 mcg/mL</td><td>Rituximab up to 318 mcg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>The possible interference of cryoglobulins should be considered in the interpretation of the results.1</td><td></td></tr></table>

Following are the resultant upper limits of the normal range for the two assays:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>HemosIL CL Anti- B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0 U/mL</td></tr></table>

Due to many variables which may impact results, each laboratory should determine its own normal range.

# Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed, comparing the performance of HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM and HemosIL CL Anti- $\cdot \ B _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM reagent cartridges with the respective predicate devices.

# HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM

A method comparison was performed comparing HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM with a commercially available chemiluminescence assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 970 CL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.98 - 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL AcuStar</td></tr></table>

# HemosIL CL Anti- $\mathbf { \boldsymbol { \cdot } } \mathbf { \boldsymbol { \beta } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM

A method comparison was performed comparing HemosIL CL Anti- $\cdot \ B _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-l IgM with a commercially available chemiluminescence assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 970 CL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94 (0.92  0.96)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL AcuStar</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagents (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>APS Outcome Study</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM</td></tr></table>

A diagnostic clinical performance study was performed comparing HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM with APS disease classification per 2006 International Consensus Statement from Miyakis et al.1

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>APS Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL CLAnti-Cardiolipin IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td></tr></table>

HemosIL CL Anti- $\mathbf { \boldsymbol { \cdot } } \mathbf { \boldsymbol { \| } } _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-I IgM   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APS Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5%(33.8% - 47.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.9%(88.4% - 94.5%)</td></tr></table>

A diagnostic clinical performance study was performed comparing HemosIL CL Anti- $\cdot \ B _ { 2 }$ Glycoprotein-l IgM with APS disease classification per 2006 International Consensus Statement from Miyakis et al.1

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>APS Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL CLAnti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity(95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity(95% CI)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APS Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0%(26.7% - 39.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.6%(91.4% - 96.6%)</td></tr></table>

1. Miyakis S, Lockshin MD, Atsumi T, et al. International consensus statement on an update of the classification criteria for definite antiphospholipid syndrome (APS). J Thromb Haemost. 2006; 4: 295-306.

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td>Based on the substantial equivalence comparison and the results o the conducted performance evaluations, the HemosIL CL Anti-Cardiolipin IgM and the HemosIL CL Anti-B2 Glycoprotein-I IgM assays on the ACL TOP 970 CL were shown to be substantially equivalent to the cleared and currntly marketed devices, HemosIAcuStarAnti- Cardiolipin IgM (K092181) and HemosILAcuStar Anti-β Glycoprotein-I IgM assays (K091556) on the ACL AcuStar (K03518).The differences between the subject and predicate devices do not impact safety and effectiveness.</td></tr></table>