December 9, 2022

Instrumentation Laboratory Co. Nikita Malladi   
Regulatory Affairs Manager I 180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K223402 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7290 Regulation Name: Factor Deficiency Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGP Dated: November 8, 2022 Received: November 9, 2022

Dear Nikita Malladi:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Takeesha Taylor-bell -S

Deputy Director   
Division of Immunology   
and Hematology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K223402

Device Name HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen

Indications for Use (Describe)

Autoate late ehanoassay orhe quantiaivedetrinatio on Willebrand FactorAntien (WF:A) in human citrated plasma on IL Coagulation Systems.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and aintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submission Type</td><td>Special 510(k)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>Instrumentation Laboratory Company</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Submitter&#x27;s Information</td><td>180 Hartwell Road</td></tr><tr><td>Bedford, MA 01730-2443 (USA)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact Person</td><td>Nikita Malladi</td></tr><tr><td>Regulatory Affairs Manager I</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: 781-674-3245</td></tr><tr><td>Fax: 781-861-4207</td></tr><tr><td>Email: nmalladi@werfen.com</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Preparation Date</td><td>November 08, 2022</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Trade Name</td><td>HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate Device and 510(k) Number</td><td>HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen</td><td>K200033</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Regulatory Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 864.7290</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor Deficiency Test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GGP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematology (81)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Device Description</td></tr><tr><td>The VWF:Ag kit is a latex particle enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay to quantify VWF:Ag in plasma. When a plasma containing VWF:Ag is mixed with the Latex Reagent and the Reaction Buffer included in the kit, the coated latex partices agglutinate. The degree of agglutination is directly proportional to the concentration of VWF:Ag in the sample and is determined by measuring the decrease of transmitted light caused by the aggregates.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Indications for Use / Intended Use</td></tr><tr><td>Automated latex enhanced immunoassay for the quantitative determination of von Willebrand Factor Antigen (VWF:Ag) in human citrated plasma on IL Coagulation Systems.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Reason Submission Qualifies as Special 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td>This Special 510(k) is being submitted to modify the open vial stability labeled claim for HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen from 3 months to 14 days based on testing to the current CLSI EP25-A guideline.</td></tr></table>

The submission meets the criteria for a Special 510(k) based on the following:

The proposed change is submitted by the manufacturer legally authorized to market the existing device.   
• There is a well-established method to evaluate the change: CLSI EP25-A.   
• The data can be reviewed in a summary or risk analysis format.

In addition, the change in this submission does not introduce:

Changes to indications for use or intended use   
• Changes to operating principle   
• Changes to formulation   
• Changes to labeled performance claims, except to reduce the open vial stability claim to 14 days Changes to assay algorithms or data reduction software

<table><tr><td>Design Control Activities</td></tr><tr><td>The open vial stability study was performed in accordance to an established plan and protocol and design control procedures. Testing verified all acceptance criteria were met.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K200033)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Company</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated latex enhanced immunoassay forthe quantitative determination of vonWillebrand Factor Antigen (VWF:Ag) inhuman citrated plasma on IL CoagulationSystems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">von Willebrand Factor Antigen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Latex immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VWF:Ag kit is a latex particle enhancedimmunoturbidimetric assay to quantifyVWF:Ag in plasma. When a plasma containingVWF:Ag is mixed with the Latex Reagent andthe Reaction Buffer included in the kit, thecoated latex particles agglutinate. The degreeof agglutination is directly proportional to theconcentration of VWF:Ag in the sample and isdetermined by measuring the decrease oftransmitted light caused by the aggregates.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Latex Reagent: 2 vials x 3 mL of a suspensionof polystyrene latex particles coated with arabbit polyclonal antibody directed againstVWF containing bovine serum albumin,buffer, stabilizer and preservative.Reaction Buffer: 2 vials x 4 mL of HEPESbuffer containing bovine serum albumin,stabilizers and preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL Elite / ACL Elite Pro     K060162ACL TOP Family                K160276ACL TOP Family 50 Series    K150877</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate Device (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate (K200033)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Reagent Open VialStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current Insert Claim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified Insert Claim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opened reagents are stable 3 months at2-8°C in the original vial.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opened reagents are stable 14 days at2-8°C in the original vial.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen, with the modified open vial labeled claim, is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, HemosIL von Willebrand Factor Antigen, FDA cleared under K200033.</td></tr></table>