December 13, 2023

Instrumentation Laboratory Company   
Carol Marble   
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs   
180 Hartwell Road   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K230852 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7290 Regulation Name: Factor deficiency test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GGP Dated: March 27, 2023 Received: March 28, 2023

Dear Carol Marble:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Min Wu -S

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K230852

Device NameHemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX

Indications for Use (Describe)

HemoCroecor IX  antat ass r he hoteic, quantiativ eterination  IX activity in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated plasma on the ACL $\mathrm { T O P } \mathfrak { Q } \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series in the laboratory setting by a healthcare professional. HemosCroogenicFactor IX isndicated orusn patients when identiyingacor IX deficiency or measuring factor IX activity from patients on replacement therapy.   
For adult population only. For prescription use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# werfen

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter's Information</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory (L) Company180 Hartwell RoadBedford, MA 01730, USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Carol Marble, Senior Director of Regulatory AffairsPhone: 781-861-4467Fax:781-861-4207Email: cmarble@werfen.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation Date</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">December 12, 2023</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Regulatory Information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7290</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor deficiency test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GGP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K031829</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Factor IX deficient plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Factor IX activity in a patient's plasma is determined using a chromogenic method, inwhich human factor IX is activated by human factor XIa, and, when formed, factorIXa activates human factor X in the presence of human factor VIII, calcium andphospholipid. The amount of factor Xa generated is proportionate to the factor IXactivity and is determined from the hydrolysis of a chromogenic factor Xa substrate.Results are determined by comparing a chromogenic signal to a calibration curve.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications for Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX is an automated assay for the photometric,quantitative determination of factor IX activity in 3.2% citrated plasma on the ACLTOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series in the laboratory setting by a healthcareprofessional. HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX is indicated for use on patients whenidentifying factor IX deficiency or measuring factor IX activity from patients onreplacement therapy. For adult population only. For prescription use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K031829)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary andEstablished Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Factor IX deficient plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legal Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor IX activity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7290</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation escription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor deficiency test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Product Code:     GJTSubsequent Product Code:       GGP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GGP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Review Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematology (81)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use /Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Factor IX deficient plasma ishuman plasma immunodepleted of factorIX for the quantitative determination offactor IX activity in citrated plasma, basedon activated partial thromboplastin time(APTT) assay, on IL Coagulation Systems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX is anautomated assay for the photometric,quantitative determination of factor IXactivity in 3.2% citrated plasma on the ACLTOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50Series in the laboratory setting by ahealthcare   professional.    HemosILChromogenic Factor IX is indicated for useon patients when identifying factor IXdeficiency or measuring factor IX activityfrom patients on replacement therapy. Foradult population only. For prescription useonly.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reporting Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Activity, U/mL and/or sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Activity and/or IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instruments</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL Elite/Elite ProACL TOP FamilyACL TOP Family 50 Series</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP FamilyACL TOP Family 50 Series</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls(Sold Separately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Normal Control AssayedHemosIL Special Test Control Level 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator(Sold Separately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Calibration Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0-150%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K031829)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor IX activity in a patient's plasma isdetermined by performing a modifiedactivated partial thromboplastin time test(APTT). Patient plasma is diluted and addedto a plasma deficient in factor IX. Correctionof the clotting time of the deficient plasma isproportional to the concentration (% activity)of that factor in the patient plasma,interpolated from a calibration curve.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factor IX activity in a patient's plasma isdetermined using a chromogenic method, inwhich human factor IX is activated by humanfactor XIa, and, when formed, factor IXaactivates human factor X in the presence ofhuman factor VIII, calcium and phospholipid.The amount of factor Xa generated isproportionate to the factor IX activity and isdetermined from the hydrolysis of achromogenic factor Xa substrate. Results aredetermined by comparing a chromogenic signalto a calibration curve.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functional clotting assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit Components</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Factor IX deficient plasma: Lyophilized   •  Reagent A: Lyophilized preparationhuman plasma that has been artificially       containing human factor VIII, human factordepleted of factor IX containing buffer and       X, bovine factor V, bovine serum albuminstabilizers. The residual factor IX activity is       and a fibrin polymerization inhibitor.less than or equal to 1% whereas all other•  Reagent B: Lyophilized preparationcoagulation factors have normal levels.containing human factor XIa, human factorII, bovine serum albumin, calcium chlorideand phospholipids.Substrate: Solution containing 2.5 mmol/Lchromogenic factor Xa substrate (Z-D-Arg-Gly-Arg-pNA), a thrombin inhibitor andpreservative.Buffer: Stock solution of buffer containinga heparin antagonist, bovine serum albuminand preservative.•  Diluted Buffer Barcode Labeled Vials:Empty vials with linear barcode labels forDiluted Buffer (to be prepared).</td></tr></table>

# Performance Summary

# Precision

Within-run (repeatability) and total (within-device) precision were assessed in accordance with EP05-A3 for 20 days, with two runs per day and two replicates per run for each sample level $( \mathrm { n } { = } 8 0 )$ ) for three reagent lots on representative members of the ACL TOP Family. To span the assay range, three patient sample pools were tested, as well as two control levels. The tables below show data for one representative reagent lot on one instrument and also aggregated data for the three reagent lots on one instrument.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Representative Reagent Lot on ACL TOP Family Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Control Assayed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Test Control Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Aggregated Data (Reagent Lots 1, 2 and 3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Total(Within-Laboratory)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Control Assayed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>6.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Test Control Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>8.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5.8</td></tr></table>

Further, within-run (repeatability) and total (within-device) precision were assessed in accordance with EP05-A3 for 20 days, with two runs per day and two replicates per run for each sample level $( \mathrm { n } { = } 8 0 )$ ) for one reagent lot on representative members of the ACL TOP Family 50 Series. To span the assay range, three patient sample pools were tested, as well as two control levels. The table below shows data for one instrument.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Representative Reagent Lot on ACL TOP Family 50 Series Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Control Assayed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Test Control Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility studies were conducted in accordance with EP05-A3 at two external clinical sites and one internal site using different operators (one operator per site) on three different ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series members (one instrument per site), using three reagent lots of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX with each site testing a different reagent lot. The same five patient pools and control lot were tested across the three sites, as well as three patient sample pools spiked with a factor IX concentrate. Each material was tested in triplicate, twice a day for five days, for a total of 30 replicates per level. The table below shows the pooled three-site data for all reagent lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=13>Pooled Three-Site Data</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability(Within-Run)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal Control Assayed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Test Control Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 5 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrate Sample 1 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrate Sample 2 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrate Sample 3 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

LoB, LoD and LoQ studies were performed in accordance with CLSI EP17-A2, using three reagent lots of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX on representative members of the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series.

The following maximum limits were determined:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank (LoB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection (LoD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

# Linearity

Linearity studies were performed in accordance with CLSI EP06, $2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ Edition, using three reagent lots of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family and one reagent lot on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family 50 Series. The studies support a reportable linear range on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series of 1.0 to $1 5 0 \%$ .

# Interferences and Limitations

Interference studies were performed in accordance with CLSI EP07, $3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Edition, and CLSI EP37, $1 ^ { \mathrm { s t } }$ Edition (where applicable), using a minimum of one reagent lot of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family or ACL TOP Family 50 Series model. The studies support that results on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series are not affected by the following interferents up to:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unfractionated heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low molecular weight heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dabigatran</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rivaroxaban</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fondaparinux</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lupus anticoagulant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dRVVT Screen/Confirm Ratio 1.8</td></tr></table>

Note: Warfarin inhibits vitamin K dependent coagulation factors and interferes with the quantification of factor IX activity.

Due to different methodologies used to assign potency for factor IX replacement therapies, differences between factor IX recovery may exist. For recommendations on monitoring factor IX replacement therapy, refer to current guidance and factor IX replacement therapy prescribing information.

To avoid discrepancies that have been reported, consider performing both a chromogenic and one stage factor IX clotting assay for the laboratory investigation of patients being assessed due to the clinical suspicion of hemophilia B. Results of this test should always be interpreted in conjunction with the patient's medical history, clinical presentation and other findings.

# Normal Reference Interval

A normal reference interval study was performed in accordance with CLSI EP28-A3c on one reagent lot of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX with a representative ACL TOP Family instrument. A population of 120 plasma samples from apparently healthy individuals were tested. The nonparametric $9 5 \%$ reference interval with two-sided $90 \%$ confidence intervals was calculated as 71.1 to $1 3 4 . 1 \% ( 0 . 7 \mathrm { - } 1 . 3 \mathrm { I U / m L } )$ .

Due to many variables which may affect the results (including the population age), each laboratory should determine its own normal range.

# Recovery of Factor IX Replacement Therapies

A recovery study was performed using one reagent lot of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX on a representative member of the ACL TOP Family. Immunodepleted FIX deficient plasma was spiked with four factor IX replacement therapies at seven to fourteen concentrations, ranging from 0.5 to $20 \%$ and percent recovery was determined. HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX accurately evaluated the potency of factor IX concentrates including AlphaNine SD, BeneFIX, and Rebinyn.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Percent Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlphaNine SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeneFIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rebinyn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Idelvion*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>159</td></tr></table>

\* Per the manufacturer’s recommendations, a one stage clotting assay is recommended for measurement of Idelvion and results may vary based on the APTT reagent in use.

# In-Use Stability and Shelf-life

In-use stability and shelf-life studies were performed in accordance with CLSI EP25-A, using three reagent lots of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX on a representative ACL TOP Family model. The studies support the following labeled claims on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series:

Reagent A: Stability after reconstitution: 72 hours at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in the closed original vial or 4 months at $\leq - 6 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or 8 hours at $1 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series. Frozen reagent may be thawed once and gently mixed before use. Do not refreeze. Reagent B: Stability after reconstitution: 72 hours at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in the closed original vial or 4 months at $\leq - 6 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or 8 hours at $1 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series. Frozen reagent may be thawed once and gently mixed before use. Do not refreeze.   
• Substrate: Opened reagent is stable 1 month at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ in the closed original vial or 12 months at $\leq - 6 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or 24 hours at $1 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series. Frozen reagent may be thawed once and gently mixed before use. Do not refreeze. Buffer: Opened reagent is stable 12 months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .   
• Diluted Buffer: Stability after dilution: 24 hours on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series. Shelf-life: 28 Months at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

# Sample Stability

A sample stability study was performed using one reagent lot of HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX on a representative ACL TOP Family model or ACL TOP Family 50 Series model. The study supports the following labeled claims on the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series:

Specimens are stable up to 8 hours at $1 5 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and up to 8 hours at $2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# Multicenter Method Comparison

A multicenter method comparison study was conducted at four sites (three external and one internal) in accordance with CLSI $\mathrm { E P 0 9 c }$ to compare the accuracy of the HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX assay relative to the predicate device, HemosIL Factor deficient plasma, on representative members of the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOP Family 50 Series, using samples from patients with von Willebrand disease, patients with hemophilia A and B and patients on factor IX replacement therapy.

The following results were obtained:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.023</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.411</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.049</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.977</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.490</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.713</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.629</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.024</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.952</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.818</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.478</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>344</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.972</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.037</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.920</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.185</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Factor IX (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicted Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Upper CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr></table>

Note: In the table above, the 1 and $5 \%$ results are presented in absolute measured units and the 50 and $100 \%$ results are presented in relative units.

An internal method comparison study was performed comparing the performance of the ACL TOP Family 50 Series to the ACL TOP Family using representative systems from both families.   

<table><tr><td>System</td><td>N</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>r</td><td>Reference Method</td></tr><tr><td>ACL TOP Family 50 Series</td><td>126</td><td>0.980</td><td>1.731</td><td>0.998</td><td>ACL TOP Family</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The performance testing results demonstrate that HemosIL Chromogenic Factor IX is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, HemosIL Factor IX deficient plasma (K031829), and that the assay is safe and effective for its labeled intended use.