April 4, 2024

Sebia Inc.   
Karen Anderson   
Director of Regulatory   
1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400 Norcross, Georgia 30093

Re: K232027 Trade/Device Name: CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb, CAPILLARYS 3 DBS Instrument Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7415 Regulation Name: Abnormal hemoglobin assay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: GKA Dated: March 4, 2024 Received: March 5, 2024

Dear Karen Anderson:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Min Wu -S

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232027

Device Name CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb kit is intended as a qualitative screen for the detection of normal hemoglobins (F and A) and abnormal hemoglobins (S, C, E, D and Bart’s) in blood from human new-born collected on filter paper. This analysis is performed by capillary electrophoresis with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument.

The CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument is a capillary electrophoresis based automated analyzer which performs a complete hemoglobin profile for the qualitative analysis of hemoglobins (A, F, S, C, D, E and Bart’s). The assay is performed on the hemolysate of whole blood samples previously collected on filter paper.

The test result must be interpreted in conjunction with other biological and clinical findings. In case of abnormal hemoglobin presence, it should be confirmed by additional tests as per local recommendations. The device is intended for professional use only.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(K) SUMMARY (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td>Submitter Name</td><td>Sebia. Inc.</td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td>1705 Corporate Drive Suite 400 Norcross. Georgia 30093. USA</td></tr><tr><td>Contact</td><td>Karen Anderson. Dir of Regulatory. Sebia Inc. Phone: 1-800-835-6497 Fax: 770-446-8511 Email: karen.anderson@sebia-usa.com Matthew C Wagner. Scientific Affairs Specialist Phone 1-800-835-6497. 3752 Fax 770-446-8511</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared</td><td>Email: matthew.wagner@sebia-usa.com April 03, 2024</td></tr><tr><td>Manufacturing</td><td>Sebia Parc Technologique Léonard de Vinci Rue Léonard de Vinci. CP 8010 LISSES. 91008 EVRY Cedex FRANCE Phone: (33) 1 69 89 80 80</td></tr><tr><td>Product Name</td><td>Fax: (33) 1 69 89 78 78 CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb kit using the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name</td><td>instrument HEMOGLOBINS BY CAPILLARY ELECTROPHORESIS</td></tr><tr><td>Product Regulation No.</td><td>21 CFR Part 864.7415 - Abnormal Hemoglobin Assay 21 CFR Part 864.7415 - Abnormal Hemoglobin Assay. Controls (510(k) exempt. FDA docket 2017-N-1129/1610 published</td></tr><tr><td>Product Codes</td><td>December 30. 2019; Class II (special control) devices) GKA - Abnormal Hemoglobin Quantitation - Class II JCM - Control. Hemoglobin. Abnormal  Class II (special control)</td></tr><tr><td>Device classification and Panel Classification</td><td>devices. 510(k) exempt Class II. Hematology</td></tr><tr><td>Establishment Registration No.8023024</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTIONS

The CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb kit is intended for the detection of normal hemoglobins (F and A) and abnormal hemoglobins (S, C, E, D and Bart’s) in blood from human new-born collected on filter paper. The resulting electrophoregrams are automatically evaluated for pattern abnormalities with identification of normal and pathological patterns.

The CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument uses the principle of capillary electrophoresis in free solution which is the most common form of capillary electrophoresis. With this technique. charged molecules are separated by their electrophoretic mobility in an alkaline buffer with a specific pH. Separation also occurs according to the electrolyte pH and electroosmotic flow.

The CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument has silica capillaries functioning in parallel allowing 12 simultaneous analyses. A sample dilution with hemolysing solution is prepared and injected by aspiration at the anodic end of the capillary. A high voltage protein separation is then performed and direct detection of the hemoglobins is made at the cathodic end of the capillary at $4 1 5 \ \mathsf { n m }$ . which is the absorbance wavelength specific to hemoglobins. Before each run. the capillaries are washed with a wash solution and prepared for the next analysis with buffer.

The CAPILLARYS 3 DBS performs all sequences automatically to obtain a complete hemoglobin profile for the qualitative analysis of hemoglobins. The assay is performed on the hemolysate of whole blood samples previously collected on Guthrie filter paper and punched to obtain a paper circle.

By using alkaline pH buffer. normal and abnormal (or variant) hemoglobins are detected in the following order. from cathode to anode: C, A2, E, S, D, F, degraded F, A, degraded A and Bart’s. Variants generated by the mutation of the γ chain may appear in different zones of the electrophoretic pattern. The carbonic anhydrase is not visualized on the hemoglobin electrophoretic patterns with capillary electrophoresis.

# 2. REAGENTS

# REAGENTS AND MATERIALS SUPPLIED IN THE CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb KIT includes:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN 2506</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS HEMOGLOBIN(E) BUFFER(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 vials, 700 mL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Filters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 filters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 3 DBS MICROPLATES96 well-microplates (with bar codes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 pack of 10 microplates</td></tr></table>

# REAGENTS/SUPPLIES REQUIRED BUT NOT SUPPLIED IN THE CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb KIT

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUPPLIES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SEBIA PRODUCT NUMBER</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 NEONAT HEMOLYSING SOLUTION KIT(ready to use)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(PN 2563), 2 vials of 70 mL each and2 pierceable caps</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb AF CONTROL(lyophilized)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(PN 4757), 2 vials and one boardingcartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 3 CAPICLEAN(concentrated solution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(PN 2060), 1 vial of 25 mL and 1pierceable cap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 3 WASH SOLUTION(stock solution)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(PN 2062), 1 vial of 75 mL</td></tr></table>

# OPITIONAL SUPPLIES

<table><tr><td>SUPPLIES</td><td>SEBIA PRODUCT NUMBER</td></tr><tr><td>Hb AFSC CONTROL (lyophilized)</td><td>(PN 4792) 1 vial of 0.5 mL</td></tr></table>

# 3. INDICATIONS FOR USE

# INTENDED USE STATEMENT

The CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb kit is intended as a qualitative screen for the detection of normal hemoglobins (F and A) and abnormal hemoglobins (S, C, E, D and Bart’s) in blood from human new-born collected on filter paper. This analysis is performed by capillary electrophoresis with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument.

The CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument is a capillary electrophoresis based automated analyzer which performs a complete hemoglobin profile for the qualitative analysis of hemoglobins (A, F, S, C, D, E and Bart’s). The assay is performed on the hemolysate of whole blood samples previously collected on filter paper.

The test result must be interpreted in conjunction with other biological and clinical findings. In case of abnormal hemoglobin presence, it should be confirmed by additional tests as per local recommendations. The device is intended for professional use only.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use only.

# 4. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device510(k) number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vendor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS NEONAT Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K091283February 22. 2010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR Part 864.7415 - AbnormalHemoglobin Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sebia</td></tr></table>

510(k) Summary 3

# 5. COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

# SIMILARITIES (Table A).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Kit Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceCAPI 3 NEONAT HbCAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCAPILLARYS NEONAT Hb(K091283)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb kit is intendedas a qualitative screen for the detectionof normal hemoglobins (F and A) andabnormal hemoglobins (S, C, E, D andBart&#x27;s) in blood from human new-borncollected on filter paper. This analysis isperformed by capillary electrophoresiswith the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument.The CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument isa   capillaryelectrophoresis basedautomated analyzer which performs acomplete hemoglobin profile for thequalitative analysis of hemoglobins (A,F, S, C, D, E and Bart&#x27;s). The assay isperformed on the hemolysate of wholeblood samples previously collected onfilter paper.The test result must be interpreted inconjunction with other biological andclinical findings. In case of abnormalhemoglobin presence, it should beconfirmed by additional tests as per localrecommendations. The device isintended for professional use only.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CAPILLARYS NEONAT Hb kit isdesigned for the separation of thenormal hemoglobins (F and A) in bloodsamples from human new-borns. andfor kthe detection of the majorhemoglobin variants (S, C, E, D andBart&#x27;s), by electrophoresis in alkalinebuffer (pH 9.4) with the CAPILLARYS 2system. The CAPILLARYS NEONATHb kit is designed for laboratory use.The CAPILLARYS 2 is an automatedanalyzer which performs a completehemoglobin profile for the qualitativeanalysis of hemoglobins. The assay isperformed on the hemolysate of wholeblood samples previously collected onfilter paper.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood samples from human new-bornscollected on filter paper</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary electrophoresis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InstrumentWavelengthMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>415 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PHORESIS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# REAGENT SIMILARITIES (Table B).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Reagent similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceCAPI 3 NEONAT HbCAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCAPILLARYS NEONAT Hb(K091283)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS HEMOGLOBIN(E) buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemolysingSolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS NNHb hemolysing solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb AF Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb AFSC Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# DIFFERENCES (Table C)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Kit Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Table C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceCAPI 3 NEONAT HbCAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCAPILLARYS NEONAT Hb(K091283)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DilutionVessel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96 well-microplates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution segments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Punch Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2 mm diameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8 mm diameter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 3 DBS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAPILLARYS 2 SYSTEM</td></tr></table>

# 6. ANALYTICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

A) Precision

Between capillaries, between lots, between instruments, and between days precision.

Eight (8) different samples were analyzed using the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure used on the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument. The samples included 6 new-born whole blood samples (with FA, FAS, FAC, FAD, FAE and FA Bart's patterns) and 2 controls.

For the between capillaries precision, each sample was analyzed once on the 12 capillaries of 1 instrument with 1 reagent lot, through 1 run.   
For the between lots precision, for 3 days, same samples were analyzed once per run over 2 runs (with a minimum of 2 hours between both runs), on 1 instrument with 1 reagent lot per day (total of 3 lots).   
For the between instruments precision, within the same day, same samples were analyzed once per run over 2 runs (with a minimum of 2 hours between both runs), on 3 instruments with 1 reagent lot.   
For the between days precision, every day, for 5 days, same samples were analyzed once per run over 2 runs (with a minimum of 2 hours between both runs) on 1 instrument with 1 reagent lot.

All samples gave $100 \%$ identification pattern concordance between all capillaries, lots, instruments, and days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Identificationpattern</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between capillaries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between instruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identificationpattern</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total analyses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total analyses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total analyses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total analyses</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo. 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo. 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo. 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo. 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleNo.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%concordance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total concordance(95% CI. Wilsonscore method)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96.2%;100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96.7%;100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(96.7%;100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(98.0%;100.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td></tr></table>

# Precision using controls as per CLSI EP05-A3 general study design

The precision of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument was evaluated in a study with a study design based on the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP5-A3 guideline "Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition".

Two (2) different control samples (with FA and AFSC patterns) were analyzed using the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure used on the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument.

- For the within-laboratory precision, each sample was analyzed once on the 12 capillaries of 1 instrument with 1 lot of reagents, through 2 runs per day during 20 days.

% Hb F   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr></table>

% Hb A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td></tr></table>

% Hb S   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

% Hb C   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

- For the between-lots precision, during 5 days, same samples were analyzed 3 times per run over 2 runs (with a minimum of 2 hours between both runs), on 1 instrument with 3 lots of reagents.

% Hb F   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr></table>

% Hb A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-DayBetween-Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-DayBetween-Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr></table>

% Hb S   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD % CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td></tr></table>

% Hb C   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

- For the between-instruments precision, during 5 days, same samples were analyzed 3 times per run over 2 runs (with a minimum of 2 hours between both runs), on 3 instruments with 1 lot of reagents.

% Hb F   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr></table>

% Hb A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td></tr></table>

% Hb S   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr></table>

% Hb C   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-Instruments</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

All samples gave $100 \%$ identification pattern concordance between all analyses.

# B) Analytical Specificity/Interference

# Endogenous interference

The common interfering factors with the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure used on the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument (conjugated bilirubin. unconjugated bilirubin and triglycerides) were evaluated in studies based on the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP7-A2 guideline "Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved Guideline - Second Edition" and the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP07. 3rd Edition guideline "Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry".

The results are summarized below.

No interference with the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure used on the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument was detected due to the new-born whole blood sample’s high concentration of the following interfering factors tested at levels up to the concentrations listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous interfering factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# C) Qualitative Method Comparison with Predicate Device

# Qualitative method comparison – Internal study

The concordance study of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument was evaluated in a study based on the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP12-A2 guideline "User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance; Approved Guideline - Second Edition". sections 9. Comparison of Methods and 10. Data Analysis.

NOTE: The analyzed samples were provided by 5 laboratories in France. Thailand and Panama. All the samples followed the same guidelines in regard to sample integrity and were prepared according to the instructions for use of each technique.

One hundred and thirty-eight (138) different new-born whole blood samples (71 normal samples and 67 pathological samples with hemoglobin variants S. C. D. E and Bart’s) were analyzed with the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument and with a commercially available capillary electrophoresis procedure for hemoglobin analysis (reference).

The positive percent agreement (PPA). the negative percent agreement (NPA). and their confidence intervals $9 5 \%$ CI by Wilson score method) of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure compared to the reference procedure have been calculated. The results are listed below:

Positive Percent Agreement $( \% )$ : $100 \%$ $( 9 4 . 6 ~ \%$ ; $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ ). Negative Percent Agreement $( \% )$ : $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $( 9 4 . 9 \ \% ; 1 0 0 . 0 \ \% )$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb fractions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138</td></tr></table>

# Qualitative method comparison – External study No. 1

The concordance study of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument was evaluated in a study based on the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP12-A2 guideline "User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance; Approved Guideline - Second Edition". sections 9. Comparison of Methods and 10. Data Analysis.

NOTE: The samples were analyzed in a laboratory based in the United States of America. All the samples followed the same guidelines in regard to sample integrity and were prepared according to the instructions for use of each technique.

Four hundred and eleven (411) different new-born whole blood samples (210 normal samples and 201 pathological samples with hemoglobin variants S. C. D. E and Bart’s) were analyzed with the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument and with a commercially available capillary electrophoresis procedure for hemoglobin analysis (reference).

The positive percent agreement (PPA). the negative percent agreement (NPA). and their confidence intervals $9 5 \%$ CI by Wilson score method) of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure compared to the reference procedure have been calculated. The results are listed below:

Positive Percent Agreement $( \% )$ : $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $( 9 8 . 1 ~ \%$ ;100.0 %). Negative Percent Agreement $( \% )$ : $10 0 . 0 \%$ $( 9 8 . 2 \ \% ; 1 0 0 . 0 \ \% )$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb fractions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FSE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>411</td></tr></table>

# Qualitative method comparison – External study No. 2

The concordance study of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument was evaluated in a study based on the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI - USA) EP12-A2 guideline "User Protocol for Evaluation of Qualitative Test Performance; Approved Guideline - Second Edition". sections 9. Comparison of Methods and 10. Data Analysis.

NOTE: The samples were analyzed in a laboratory based in Spain. All the samples followed the same guidelines in regard to sample integrity and were prepared according to the instructions for use of each technique.

Two hundred and forty (240) different new-born whole blood samples (120 normal samples and 120 pathological samples with hemoglobin variants S. C. D. E and Bart’s) were analyzed with the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure performed with the CAPILLARYS 3 DBS instrument and with a commercially available capillary electrophoresis procedure for hemoglobin analysis (reference).

The positive percent agreement (PPA). the negative percent agreement (NPA). and their confidence intervals $9 5 \%$ CI by Wilson score method) of the CAPI 3 NEONAT Hb procedure compared to the reference procedure have been calculated. The results are listed below:

Positive Percent Agreement $( \% )$ : $1 0 0 . 0 \%$ $( 9 6 . 9 \%$ ; $100 . 0 \%$ ).   
Negative Percent Agreement $( \% )$ : $10 0 . 0 \%$ $( 9 6 . 9 \%$ ;100.0 %).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hb fractions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FSC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FA + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAS + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAC + Hb Bart&#x27;s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td></tr></table>

# 7. CONCLUSION

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.