March 29, 2024

Haemonetics Corporation   
Julie Bergeman   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
125 Summer St   
Boston, Massachusetts 02110

Re: K232018 Trade/Device Name: Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425 Regulation Name: Multipurpose System For In Vitro Coagulation Studies Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JPA Dated: July 6, 2023 Received: July 7, 2023

Dear Julie Bergeman:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Min Wu -S

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232018

Device Name Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The TEG 6s Hemostasis System consists of the TEG 6s Hemostasis Analyzer and the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge. The TEG 6s Hemostasis System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood hemostasis properties is desired. The TEG 6s Hemostasis System records the kinetic changes in a sample of $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood as the sample clots and provides semi-quantitative results. The TEG 6s Hemostasis System can be used in the laboratory or at the point-of-care.

The Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge is intended to be used in patients where heparin/heparinoids may be present and who are at an increased risk of coagulopathy. Hemostasis evaluations are indicated to assess clinical conditions in cardiovascular surgery, cardiovascular procedures (e.g. minimally invasive valve replacement or repairs) and liver transplantation to assess hemorrhage or thrombosis conditions before, during and following the procedure.

The Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge contains four independent assays (CK, CKH, CRTH and CFFH) and the system output consists of a table of numerical values for parameters R, MA, and LY30.

The CK assay monitors the hemostasis process via the intrinsic pathway in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the TEG 6s Hemostasis System. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameters R (clotting time) and MA (maximum clot strength).

The CKH assay monitors the effects of heparin in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the TEG 6s Hemostasis System. CKH is used in conjunction with CK, and heparin influence is determined by comparing Clotting Times (R) between the two tests. LY30 describes fibrinolysis 30 minutes after reaching maximum clot strength.

The CRTH assay monitors the hemostasis process after stimulation of both the intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the TEG 6s Hemostasis System, neutralizing the effect of heparin in the sample. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameter MA (maximum clot strength with contributions of both platelets and fibrin).

The CFFH assay monitors hemostasis of $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens in the TEG 6s Hemostasis System after blocking platelet contributions to clot strength, neutralizing the effect of heparin in the sample. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameter MA (fibrinogen contribution to maximum clot strength).

Results from the TEG 6s analysis should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis, but should be evaluated together with the patient's medical history, the clinical picture and, if necessary, further hemostasis tests.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# HAEMONETICS

# 510(k) Summary

# Submitter:

Haemonetics Corporation 125 Summer Street Boston MA 02110 United States

# Contact:

Julie Bergeman   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
262-693-8368   
jbergeman@haemonetics.com

Date Prepared:

March 26, 2024

# 1. Device Information

Device Trade Name: Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH   
Common Name: Whole Blood Hemostasis System   
Classification Name: System, Multipurpose For In Vitro Coagulation Studies   
Regulatory Class: 2   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5425   
Product Code: JPA

# 2. Legally Marketed Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K150041</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEG 6s with the Citrated Multichannel Cartridge</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JPA</td></tr></table>

# 3. Device Description Summary

# $\mathbf { T E G } ^ { \mathbf { ( R ) } }$ 6s System Description

The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \textregistered }$ 6s Hemostasis System $\mathrm { \Delta T E G ^ { \mathbb { R } } }$ hemostasis analyzer and $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { ( B ) } }$ 6s assay cartridges) is intended for in vitro diagnostic use to provide semi-quantitative indications of a blood sample’s ability to form and maintain a clot. The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System records the kinetic changes in a sample of whole blood as the sample clots, retracts and/or lyses. The system output consists of a table of numerical values and graphs resulting from the hemostasis process over time. This information can be used by clinicians to aid in determining if a clotting dysfunction or coagulopathy is present.

To perform a test, a disposable $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \circledast }$ 6s assay cartridge is inserted into the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { ( B ) } }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer. The instrument reads the bar code on the cartridge and identifies the type of cartridge for operator confirmation. Blood (collected in a $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrate tube) or Quality Control (QC) material is added to the entry port on the cartridge and drawn into the cartridge under the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer control. The amount of the sample drawn into the cartridge is determined by the pre-set volume of the blood chambers in the cartridge. Once in the cartridge, the sample is metered into as many as 4 separate analysis channels, depending upon the assays being performed. Reconstitution of reagents dried within the cartridge is accomplished by moving the sample back and forth through reagent chambers, under the control of microfluidic valves and bellows (pumps) within the cartridge. After each sample has been mixed with reagent, it is delivered to a test cell where it is monitored for viscoelastic changes due to coagulation. Excess sample material is moved under microfluidic control into an enclosed waste chamber within the cartridge.

# $\mathbf { T E G } ^ { \mathbf { ( B ) } }$ 6s Measurement Technique

The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { ( B ) } }$ 6s technology is based on a disposable cartridge containing up to 4 independent measurement cells. Each cell consists of a short vertically-oriented injection molded tube (ring). Detection of clotting in the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System is performed optically. A piezoelectric actuator vibrates the measurement cell(s) through a motion profile composed of summed sinusoids at different frequencies. The movement of the measurement cells will induce motion in the sample meniscus, which will be detected by a photodiode. The resulting motion of the meniscus is monitored optically and analyzed by the instrument to calculate the resonant frequency and modulus of elasticity (stiffness) of the sample. By performing a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) on meniscus motion data, the resonant frequencies can be determined. The analyzer monitors the harmonic motion of a hanging drop of blood in response to external vibration. As the sample transitions from a liquid state to a gel-like state during clotting, the modulus of elasticity (stiffness) and therefore resonant frequency increase. The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer measures these variations in resonant frequency during clotting and lysis.

Resonance is the tendency of a material or structure to oscillate with greater amplitude at some frequencies than others. The exact frequencies at which resonance occurs will depend on the stiffness and mass of the sample. Stiffness, in turn, is a function of a material’s modulus of elasticity and the boundary conditions to which the material is exposed, such as the geometry and materials of a test cell. By holding these boundary conditions and sample mass constant from sample to sample, the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { ( R ) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System allows direct comparison of

# HAEMONETICS

elasticity between samples. The output measurements are displayed in a table and on a graphical tracing that reflects the hemostasis profile of the clot formation.

In a typical test, blood that has been delivered to the measurement cell will not clot for several minutes. During this time the sample has no inherent stiffness except that provided by surface tension, and since this remains constant the measured resonant frequencies will not change.

Once clotting begins, however, the elastic modulus and thus the resonant frequencies increase rapidly. During fibrinolysis, the process is reversed, with elastic modulus and resonant frequencies decreasing. In tests where clotting does not occur, the resonant frequency of the sample will not change. During coagulation, however, a clot will bind to the ring contained in the cartridge and the resonant frequency will rise with increasing firmness of the clot. The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \textregistered }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer collects meniscus motion data, tracks changing resonant frequencies and analyzes the frequency data to provide semi-quantitative parameters describing the clot.

The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System monitors the interaction of platelets within the fibrin mesh of the clot during clot formation and lysis, all in a whole-blood setting. The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { ( B ) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System uses thromboelastography to provide continuous measurement of clot elasticity.

Method Comparison testing has been performed, yielding data from 8 clinical sites. These data include the applicable parameters for the tests in the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge. Table 1 provides the definitions that apply to calculated parameters in the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { ( B ) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System.

Table 1. TEG® 6s parameter definitions   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TEG 6sParameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Definition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter Relation toHemostasis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R is the time from the start of the test until initialfibrin formation. This represents the enzymaticportion of coagulation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal / reduced / increasedspeed of coagulation initiation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA, or Maximum Amplitude, represents themaximum firmness of the clot during the test.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal / reduced / increasedclot elasticity/strength</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LY30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LY30 is a measurement of the rate of fibrinolysis30 minutes after MA is reached. The LY30measurement is based on the reduction of thetracing area that occurs between the time that MA is measured until 30 minutes after the MA is</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal / reduced clotstability; clot dissolution</td></tr></table>

# HAEMONETICS

<table><tr><td>defined.</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Citrated Assays Citrated Kaolin (CK) assay

The CK assay is a semi-quantitative in vitro diagnostic assay for monitoring the hemostasis process via the intrinsic pathway in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { ( B ) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System. The CK assay consists of Kaolin which is used in the assay for activation of coagulation. It is combined with calcium chloride to neutralize the sodium citrate used to anticoagulate the blood sample.

The clotting characteristics of the CK generated hemostasis profile are described by the functional parameters Clotting Time (R) and Maximum Clot strength (MA). Since it may take an hour or more for a non-activated whole blood sample to reach maximum amplitude MA, Kaolin is essential to reduce run time and variability associated with running non-activated whole blood samples.

# Citrated Kaolin with Heparinase (CKH) assay

The CKH assay is a semi-quantitative in vitro diagnostic assay for monitoring the hemostasis process via the intrinsic pathway in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System. CKH is used in conjunction with CK, and heparin influence is determined by comparing Clotting Times (R) between the two tests. LY30 describes fibrinolysis 30 minutes after reaching maximum clot strength. The Kaolin with heparinase assay neutralizes the anticoagulant property of heparin. Calcium Chloride $\left( \mathbf { C a C l } _ { 2 } \right)$ is included to neutralize any sodium citrate in the blood.

The CKH assay monitors the effects of heparin, a commonly used anticoagulant in surgical procedures. Even very low concentrations of heparin, fractions of $\mathrm { I U / m L }$ of blood, can noticeably increase the R time and can even completely anticoagulate the blood, making it difficult if not impossible to monitor developing coagulopathies that are masked by high levels of therapeutic heparin.

# Citrated RapidTEGTM with Heparinase (CRTH) assay

The CRTH assay is a semi-quantitative in vitro diagnostic assay that monitors the hemostasis process after stimulation of both the intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \circledast }$ 6s Hemostasis System, neutralizing the effect of heparin in the sample. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameter: MA (maximum clot strength with contributions of both platelets and fibrin). The CRTH assay produces an

# HAEMONETICS

accelerated clotting time which allows for an earlier MA result compared to the CK assay. Therefore, in the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { ( B ) } }$ Hemostasis System, the CRTH assay is simultaneously run along with the CK and CKH assays to provide a fast way to reach a stable value for MA (CRTH) while still measuring the time- dependent parameters (CK).

As described in the CK assay, Kaolin is used for activation of coagulation and is combined with Calcium Chloride to neutralize sodium citrate in the blood sample. The addition of Tissue Factor is used for coagulation activation that would be classically described as extrinsic. The addition of heparinase in the assay cartridge neutralizes the effects of heparin in the sample. The CRTH hemostasis profile resulting from Kaolin and Tissue Factor activation provides a measure of the strength of the clot and the breakdown of the clot, or fibrinolysis.

# Citrated Functional Fibrinogen with Heparinase (CFFH) assay

The CFFH assay is a semi-quantitative in vitro diagnostic assay for monitoring the hemostasis process after blocking platelet contributions to clot strength in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens, neutralizing the effect of heparin in the sample. The CFFH assay consists of Tissue Factor and abciximab. It is combined with Calcium Chloride to neutralize sodium citrate in the blood sample. The addition of heparinase in the assay cartridge neutralizes the effects of heparin in the sample. Tissue Factor is used for coagulation activation that would be classically described as extrinsic, with platelet aggregation inhibited by abciximab (a GPIIb/IIIa inhibitor), excluding its contribution to clot strength, and thereby measuring fibrinogen contribution to clot strength.

The Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameter: MA (fibrinogen contribution to maximum clot strength) and measures the part of clot strength that is contributed by fibrinogen in the blood sample.

# 4. Intended Use/Indications for Use

The TEG 6s Hemostasis System consists of the TEG 6s Hemostasis Analyzer and the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge. The TEG 6s Hemostasis System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use with adult patients where an evaluation of their blood hemostasis properties is desired. The TEG 6s Hemostasis System records the kinetic changes in a sample of $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood as the sample clots and provides semi-quantitative results. The TEG 6s Hemostasis System can be used in the laboratory or at the point-of-care.

# HAEMONETICS

The Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge is intended to be used in patients where heparin/heparinoids may be present and who are at an increased risk of coagulopathy. Hemostasis evaluations are indicated to assess clinical conditions in cardiovascular surgery, cardiovascular procedures (e.g. minimally invasive valve replacement or repairs) and liver transplantation to assess hemorrhage or thrombosis conditions before, during and following the procedure.

The Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge contains four independent assays (CK, CKH, CRTH and CFFH) and the system output consists of a table of numerical values for parameters R, MA, and LY30.

The CK assay monitors the hemostasis process via the intrinsic pathway in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the TEG 6s Hemostasis System. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameters R (clotting time) and MA (maximum clot strength).

The CKH assay monitors the effects of heparin in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the TEG 6s Hemostasis System. CKH is used in conjunction with CK, and heparin influence is determined by comparing Clotting Times (R) between the two tests. LY30 describes fibrinolysis 30 minutes after reaching maximum clot strength.

The CRTH assay monitors the hemostasis process after stimulation of both the intrinsic and extrinsic pathways in $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens on the TEG 6s Hemostasis System, neutralizing the effect of heparin in the sample. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameter MA (maximum clot strength with contributions of both platelets and fibrin).

The CFFH assay monitors hemostasis of $3 . 2 \%$ citrated whole blood specimens in the TEG 6s Hemostasis System after blocking platelet contributions to clot strength, neutralizing the effect of heparin in the sample. Clotting characteristics are described by the functional parameter MA (fibrinogen contribution to maximum clot strength).

Results from the TEG 6s analysis should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis, but should be evaluated together with the patient's medical history, the clinical picture and, if necessary, further hemostasis tests.

For professional use only.

# HAEMONETICS

# 5. Comparison Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH and predicate device

# Indications for Use Comparison

The $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System consists of the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \textregistered }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer including analyzer software and assay cartridges. The assay cartridges predicate device is the K150041 TEG 6s with the Citrated Multichannel Cartridge (07-601-US). The indications for use are of the same intent with the following inclusions:

1. Heparinase is included in the RT and FF channels of the new assay cartridge.   
2. Use location is defined as laboratory and point-of-care for the new assay cartridge.   
3. Patient types are defined for the new assay to include the same population as the predicate (cardiovascular surgery, cardiology procedures) with expansion to patients undergoing liver transplant.

# Technology Comparison

Substantial equivalence is being demonstrated through a method comparison clinical study. No key design elements required changes for the cartridge including the reagent spotting technology, the microfluidic pathway, the shaker design, or the cartridge interface with the analyzer. The reagent channel order has been rearranged; however, that has been shown to not influence cartridge functionality. There is no change to the design of the cartridge and there is no change in the mechanics of how the cartridge is run on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer. No additional product development of the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { \Phi } }$ 6s analyzer hardware and $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ 6s software was required to add the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge.

Table-2 Summary of Technological Characteristics for Substantial Equivalence: Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K150041 TEG 6s with the CitratedMultichannel Cartridge (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TechnologicalPurpose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitoring the physical response ofa clot to low levels of applied strain(resonance frequency)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Changes in physical clot elasticityover time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2% citrated whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Initial Warm UpTime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table-3 Summary of Technological Characteristics for Substantial Equivalence: Differences and Clinical Value Comparisons   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K150041 TEG 6s with the CitratedMultichannel Cartridge (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer-Hardware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fully integratedThromboelastography analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer-MeasuringTechnique</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non-contact optical measurement ofshear elasticity of a coagulatingsample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Output</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Graphical tracings of resonantfrequency per reagent type; table ofparameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay and Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK, CKH, CRT, CFF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK, CKH, CRTH, CFFHSame with inclusion of heparinasefor the CRT and CFF channels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK  kaolin and CaCl2CKH  kaolin and CaCl2 withheparinaseCRT  tissue factor, kaolin andCaCl2CFF  abciximab, tissue factor andCaCl2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same with inclusion of heparinasefor the CRT and CFF channels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay ParametersReported</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK: R, K, Angle, MACKH: RCRT: MACFF: MA, FLEV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK: R, MACKH: R, LY30CRTH: MACFFH: MA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridge Reagent QC - Level 1Cartridge Reagent QC - Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K150041 TEG 6s with the CitratedMultichannel Cartridge (Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use Location</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The TEG® 6s Hemostasis Systemwith Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFHassay cartridge can be used in thelaboratory or at the point-of-care.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient Populationfrom Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemostasis evaluations arecommonly used to assess clinicalconditions in cardiovascular surgeryand cardiology procedures to assesshemorrhage or thrombosis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFHassay cartridge is intended to beused in patients whereheparin/heparinoids may be presentand who are at an increased risk ofcoagulopathy. Hemostasis</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">conditions before, during andfollowing the procedure.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">evaluations are indicated to assessclinical conditions in cardiovascularsurgery, cardiovascular procedures(e.g. minimally invasive valvereplacement or repairs) and livertransplantation to assess hemorrhageor thrombosis conditions before,during and following the procedure.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Clinical Value Comparisons</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Value ofCitrated: Kaolin(CK)Parameter R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Initiation phase of coagulationtriggered by enzymatic clottingfactors and culminating with theinitial fibrin formation. A prolongedR value is indicative of slow clotformation, due to coagulation factordeficiencies or heparin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kaolin R is the time in minuteselapsing between sampleactivation and the point in timewhere clotting provides enoughresistance to produce a 2 mmamplitude reading on the TEGanalyzer tracing. The CK - Rparameter represents the initiationphase of coagulation triggered byenzymatic clotting factors andculminating with the initial fibrinformation. A prolonged R value isindicative of slow clot formation,and a shortened R value isindicative of fast clot formation.Clinical Value. A prolonged R value isindicative of slow clot formation, due tocoagulation factor deficiencies, heparin,or other anticoagulants.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Value ofCitrated: Kaolin(CK)Parameter MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MA, or Maximum Amplitude,represents the maximum firmness ofthe clot during the test. The MAprovides information about thecontribution of platelets/fibrin to theoverall strength of the clot.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The maximal strength of the clotwhen activated with kaolin. Thisrepresents the combination of thecontribution of fibrinogen andplatelets to clot strength.Clinical Value: The MA providesinformation of platelets and fibrinogento the overall clot strength withoutexcluding the influence of heparin. Adecreased MA is indicative of low clotstrength, which could be due todecreased platelet contribution ordecreased fibrinogen; whereas, anincreased MA is indicative of high clotstrength, which could be due toincreased platelet or fibrinogencontribution.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Value ofCitrated: Kaolin withHeparinase (CKH)Parameter R (min)Heparinase isincluded in thepredicate andsubject device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Initiation phase of coagulationtriggered by enzymatic coagulationfactors and culminating with theinitial fibrin formation.A prolonged R value is indicative ofslow clot formation, due tocoagulation factor deficiencies orheparin. Inclusion of heparinase inthe blood chamber channel of thecartridge provides ability tocompare R (min) without the effectof heparin on the clot.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reaction time betweeninitiation of the clot (via kaolin)and the point where the tracingreaches 2mm of amplitude, withheparinase being used toneutralize the effect of heparin.Clinical Value: A prolonged R value isindicative of slow clot formation, due tocoagulation factor deficiencies or non-heparin anticoagulant. A shortening ofthe CKH-R compared to the CK-Rindicates effect of heparin in the bloodsample.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Value ofCitrated: Kaolin withHeparinase (CKH)Parameter LY30 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter LY30 (%) is not reportedfor the predicate device.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clot lysis, in a sample withheparinase to neutralize effects ofheparin, expressed as a percentreduction in clot strength 30 minutesafter the MA is reached. ClinicalValue: LY30 provides informationabout fibrinolytic activity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Value ofCitrated: RapidTEGwith Heparinase(CRTH) ParameterMA (mm)Heparinase isincluded in thesubject device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RapidTEGTM MA is the point atwhich clot strength reaches itsmaximum and reflects the end resultof minimal platelet-fibrin interactionvia the GPIIb/IIIa receptors. Due tofaster coagulation activation, clotstrength is measured faster thanCitrated: Kaolin (K) activatedsamples. Same results as CKmaximum amplitude (CK-MA).The MA provides information aboutthe contribution of platelets/fibrin tothe overall strength of the clot.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RapidTEG MA is the point ofmaximal amplitude of the TEGtracing, measured in mm, andreflects the maximum clot strength.The strength of the clot is primarilya result of platelet—fibrin interactionsvia the GPIIb/IIIa receptors. ClinicalValue: The MA providesinformation of platelets andfibrinogen contribution to the overallclot strength. A decreased MA isindicative of low clot strength,which could be due to decreasedplatelet or decreased fibrinogencontribution; whereas an increasedMA is indicative of high clotstrength, which could be due toincreased platelet or fibrinogencontribution.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Value ofCitrated: FunctionalFibrinogen withHeparinase (CFFH)Parameter MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The maximum amplitude of CFFprovides the functional fibrinogencontribution to the clot strength.Provides the overall contribution offunctional fibrinogen to clot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Functional Fibrinogen reagentinhibits platelet aggregation via theGPIIb/IIIa receptor, excluding itscontribution to clot strength (MA),and thereby primarily measures_the</td></tr><tr><td>Heparinase is included in the subject device</td><td>strength. In conjunction with CRT- MA, this assay enables an assessment of the relative contributions of functional fibrinogen and platelets to clot strength. Results may be valuable for guiding fibrinogen supplementation or platelet transfusion.</td><td>functional fibrinogen contribution to clot strength. Clinical Value: CFFH - MA provides the fibrinogen contribution to clot strength by exclusion of platelet aggregation. In conjunction with CRTH-MA, this assay enables the contributions of fibrin and platelets to clot strength to be determined.</td></tr></table>

# 6. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

# Non-Clinical Performance Testing

A. Reference Ranges

Expected values for test results are within the Reference Ranges for a reference population that were established according to CLSI EP28-A3c. Citrated whole blood from normal donors (representative of normal population distributions – age, gender, race) with no known coagulopathies and not taking any drugs that would potentially affect patient hemostasis was used. Non-parametric method for analysis was used to determine the reference range for each assay parameter. The following tables contain the reference range data for each reagent and parameter.

# CK Reference Ranges

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Blood Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6-9.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52-69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CKH Reference Ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Blood Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3-8.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LY30 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-3.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CRTH Reference Ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Blood Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53-69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CFFH Reference Ranges</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated Blood Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-34</td></tr></table>

B. Analytical Precision (Repeatability and Reproducibility)

Several studies were performed to support the Precision (Repeatability and Reproducibility) of the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge. Studies performed with Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Level 2 materials included a multi-site reproducibility study and a single-site repeatability study in accordance with the CLSIEP05 A3 guideline, and a within lab lot to lot precision study. Two additional studies were performed with normal whole blood samples and contrived hypocoagulable, hypercoagulable and hyperfibrinolytic blood samples.

# Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH Cartridge Reagent QC Precision

Several test protocols were executed as part of Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge (PN 07-604-US) performance verification on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { B } }$ 6s Hemostasis System with Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Level 2 materials:

Each data set includes evaluation of different sources of variation, these were combined to generate an assessment of the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge combined QC precision for a worst case estimate of total precision.

Cartridge Reagent QC Precision Studies – Overview   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridge Lot to Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator to Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TR-DIS-102653-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TR-DIS-102583-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TR-DIS-102697-C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TR-DIS-102697-C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 in combination per</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 confounded with rep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 instrument/control I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 instrument/control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 operators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 operator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cartridge Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 lots</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lot</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 run/day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 run/day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 runs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 runs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 reps/control/site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 rep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 reps/control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 reps/control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Crossed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nested</td></tr></table>

Results of the QC precision studies demonstrate that Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge achieves repeatability, within laboratory, reproducibility and total precision requirements on all reported parameters for Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Cartridge Reagent QC Level 2.

# HAEMONETICS

# CARTRIDGE REAGENT QC PRECISION – SUMMARY OF RESULTS

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay-Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenRun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenCartridgeLot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenQC Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between SiteInstrument/Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>CartridgeReagentQC Level1(07-664)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.73</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH-MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH-MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH LY30 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n/a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>CartridgeReagentQC Level2(07-665)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH-MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH-MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-Ly30 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH Cartridge Whole Blood Repeatability

Two studies were conducted for Whole Blood Repeatability on the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge. Testing was conducted with normal donor whole blood and contrived hyper-coagulable, hypo-coagulable, and hyper-fibrinolytic whole blood samples. The following table summarizes the sample types evaluated:

# WHOLE BLOOD PRECISION STUDIES - SAMPLE TYPES

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>SampleType #</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Hemostatic State</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Assay &amp; Parameter Applicability with expected result impact</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Method or Additive forContriving*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>[increase () or decrease</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>[increase () or decrease () from un-spiked &quot;Neat&quot; sample]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKHLY30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived Hypo-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↑</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↑</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>xv</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↓</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abciximab and Dabigatran</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived Hypo-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution and /or Fibrinogendepletion</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived Hyper-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↑</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↑$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platelet Rich Plasma andFibrinogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived Hyper-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↑$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fibrinogen</td></tr></table>

# HAEMONETICS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived Hyper-fibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↑</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tPA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contrived Hyper-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x↓</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>x√</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tissue factor</td></tr></table>

Whole Blood precision testing was conducted at a one (1) location, using two (2) operators, three (3) cartridge lots. For the normal whole blood samples, each operator performed 2 replicates/sample/cartridge lot on each of 2 analyzers for a total $\Nu = 1 2$ per operator. For the contrived samples, each operator performed 1 replicate/sample simultaneously on 4 different analyzers/cartridge lot for a total $_ { \mathrm { N } } { = } 1 2$ per operator. Each contrived sample was prepared just prior to execution of testing.

Data collected for each sample was analyzed separately through an ANOVA for precision. Results are summarized in the tables below:

WHOLE BLOOD PRECISION REPEATABILITY SUMMARY – NORMAL SAMPLE   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Assay Parameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenDevice/Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory(= Total Precision)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>S1NormalDonorWholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH R (min)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH LY30 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

WHOLE BLOOD PRECISION REPEATABILITY SUMMARY – CONTRIVED ABNORMAL SAMPLES   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">AssayParameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">N</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Mean</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Repeatability*</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">BetweenOperator</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Between Lot</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Within Laboratory(= Total Precision)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">S2ContrivedHypo-Coagulable(R,MAV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.04</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.89</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.55</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.62</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.76%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH LY30 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S3Contrived</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Hypo-Coagulable(MAV)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.52</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.83</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH LY30 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ata not</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data not collected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGlb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">S4ContrivedHyper-coagulableMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">51.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH LY30 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ata not</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">collected</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGlb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">S5ContrivedHyper-coagulable(MA↑)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.57</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.71</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.77</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.66</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH LY30 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">S6ContrivedHyper-fibrinolytic(LY30↑)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.53</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.54</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.78</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH MA (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH LY30 (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">S7ContrivedHyper-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH R (min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pass</td></tr></table>

# HAEMONETICS

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>AssayParameter</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenOperator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Laboratory(= Total Precision)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Coagulable(RV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH LY30 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

Repeatability for contrived abnormal samples includes analyzer variation

# Summarized Precision for each channel is as follows:

# CK Precision

The precision of the Kaolin test was evaluated according to CLSI EP5-A3. Precision testing was performed with Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Level 2, normal and contrived hyper-coagulable, hypo-coagulable, and hyper-fibrinolytic whole blood samples using multiple donors, cartridge lots, operators and analyzers. Results included Coefficient of Variance (CV) values for all precision tests. The CV of the test results for the Kaolin assay was less than $1 5 \%$ for the R parameter and less than $10 \%$ for the MA parameter.

# CKH Precision

The precision of the Kaolin with heparinase test was evaluated according to CLSI EP5- A3. Precision testing was performed with Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Level 2, normal and contrived hyper-coagulable, hypo-coagulable, and hyper-fibrinolytic whole blood samples using multiple donors, cartridge lots, operators and analyzers. Results included Coefficient of Variance (CV) values for all precision tests. The CV of the test results for the Kaolin with heparinase assay was less than $1 5 \%$ for the R parameter.

# CRTH Precision

The precision of the RapidTEG with heparinase test was evaluated according to CLSI EP5-A3. Precision testing was performed with Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Level 2, normal and contrived hyper-coagulable, hypo-coagulable, and hyper-fibrinolytic whole blood samples using multiple donors, cartridge lots, operators and analyzers. Results included Coefficient of Variance (CV) values for all precision tests. The CV of the test results for the RapidTEG with heparinase assay was less than $10 \%$ for the MA parameter.

# CFFH Precision

The precision of the Functional Fibrinogen test with heparinase was evaluated according to CLSI EP5-A3. Precision testing was performed with Cartridge Reagent QC Level 1 and Level 2, normal and contrived hyper-coagulable, hypo-coagulable, and hyperfibrinolytic whole blood samples using multiple donors, cartridge lots, operators and analyzers. Results included Coefficient of Variance (CV) values for all precision tests. The CV of the test results for the Functional Fibrinogen with heparinase assay was less than $1 5 \%$ for the MA parameter.

# C. Interference

Testing for interfering factors was conducted according to CLSI EP07-A3 using whole blood from normal donor, contrived hyperfibrinolytic, and contrived hypocoagulable specimens. Potential interferents and levels tested are indicated in the following table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">InterferingFactors(levels)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Highest Concentration with No Interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK - R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK - MA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH - R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH -LY30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH -MIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH -MA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">No DiscardTube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Hemolysis (0,| 2 0mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Short Draw (%fill ina 3.2%sodium citrateVacutainertube: 100, 90,0,70 and0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60% Fill</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Dilution(0%,  20%,3%, 40%,0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Dabigatran(0, 45, 90,15, 180 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Rivaroxaban(0, 50,100,200, 400 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK - R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CK - MA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH - R</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKH -LY30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CRTH -MA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CFFH -MA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Ticagrelor1. ug/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Alcohol (0,400, 801 160, 320mgdL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">320</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Lipemia(0, 1500, 30,400,, 600g/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">TXA(0, 100, 200ug/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">EACA(0, 300, 600ug/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hypocoagulable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NT</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MycophenolicAcid (21, 42ug/mL) (5, 10,21, 42 (ug/mL))</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>|42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Tacrolimus (70,144 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Prednisone (45,99 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Rifaximin (20,40.5 ng/mL) (5,10, 20, 40.5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Lactulose(6, 12 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperfibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr></table>

Legend: NI - No Interference NT - Not Tested

# D. Measurement Interpretation Guidance

The measurement interpretation guidance table that follows is based on in vitro studies that examined individual values of assays and parameters with respect to their reference ranges. Only one or a few variables influencing TEG results were systematically varied while other variables were kept constant.

The measurement interpretation guidance table is not intended to be comprehensive of all variables that could influence test results, but addresses key variables based on literature review and clinical experience. As with any hemostasis test, $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s test results should not be the sole basis for a patient diagnosis, but should be evaluated together with the patient’s medical history, the clinical picture and, if necessary, further hemostasis tests.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter(Units)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ref Range(RR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ParameterReadout</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemostaticSignificanceof IndividualParameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation ofParameter Readout forConsideration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>CK</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>R (min)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4.6- 9.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-R &gt;RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↓Coagulation factoractivity and/orpresence of heparinat sufficiently highconcentrations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-R &lt;RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypercoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGYllob</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>52-69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MA&lt;RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↓Fibrinogen or↓Platelet Contribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MA &gt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypercoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↑Fibrinogen or↑Platelet Contribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>CKH</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>R (min)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>4.3-8.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-R &gt; CKH-R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicative of heparineffect</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-R &gt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coagulationfactor activity and/or presence of non-heparin anticoagulants</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LY30 (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-LY30 &gt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hyperfibrinolysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CRTH</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>53 -69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH-MA &lt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↓Fibrinogen or↓Platelet Contribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH-MA &gt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypercoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↑Fibrinogen or↑Platelet Contribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>CFFH</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MA (mm)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>15-34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH-MA &lt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypocoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↓Fibrinogen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH-MA &gt; RR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hypercoagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>↑Fibrinogen</td></tr></table>

# Citrated Kaolin (CK)

The Citrated Kaolin TEG assay uses kaolin for activation of coagulation. Kaolin activation has traditionally been described as intrinsic pathway activation.

# CK - R

Kaolin R is the time in minutes elapsing between sample activation and the point in time where clotting provides enough resistance to produce a $2 \mathrm { m m }$ amplitude reading on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { P } }$ 6s analyzer tracing. The CK - R parameter represents the initiation phase of coagulation triggered by enzymatic clotting factors and culminating with the initial fibrin formation. A prolonged R value is indicative of slow clot formation, and a shortened R value is indicative of fast clot formation.

Clinical Value: A prolonged R value is indicative of slow clot formation, due to coagulation factor deficiencies, heparin, or other anticoagulants.

# CK-MA

The maximal strength of the clot when activated with kaolin. This represents the combination of the contribution of fibrinogen and platelets to clot strength.

Clinical Value: The MA provides information of platelets and fibrinogen to the overall clot strength without excluding the influence of heparin. A decreased MA is indicative of low clot strength, which could be due to decreased platelet contribution or decreased fibrinogen; whereas, an increased MA is indicative of high clot strength, which could be due to increased platelet or fibrinogen contribution.

# Citrated Kaolin with Heparinase (CKH)

# CKH - R

The reaction time between initiation of the clot (via kaolin) and the point where the tracing reaches $2 \mathrm { m m }$ of amplitude, with heparinase being used to neutralize the effect of heparin.

Clinical Value: A prolonged R value is indicative of slow clot formation, due to coagulation factor deficiencies or non-heparin anticoagulant. A shortening of the CKH-R compared to the CK-R indicates effect of heparin in the blood sample.

# CKH - LY30

Clot lysis, in a sample with heparinase to neutralize effects of heparin, expressed as a percent reduction in clot strength 30 minutes after the MA is reached.

Clinical Value: LY30 provides information about fibrinolytic activity.

# Citrated RapidTEGTM with Heparinase (CRTH)

The RapidTEG assay incorporates both tissue factor and kaolin, which simultaneously activate the extrinsic and intrinsic coagulation pathways. The assay accelerates coagulation compared to the conventional Kaolin test. Heparinase is added to neutralize heparin in the sample.

# CRTH - MA

RapidTEG MA is the point of maximal amplitude of the TEG tracing, measured in mm, and reflects the maximum clot strength. The strength of the clot is primarily a result of platelet–fibrin interactions via the GPIIb/IIIa receptors.

Clinical Value: The MA provides information of platelets and fibrinogen to the overall clot strength. A decreased MA is indicative of low clot strength, which could be due to decreased platelet contribution or decreased fibrinogen; whereas, an increased MA is indicative of high clot strength, which could be due to increased platelet or fibrinogen contribution.

# Citrated Functional Fibrinogen with Heparinase (CFFH)

The Citrated Functional Fibrinogen assay activates the extrinsic pathway using tissue factor and inhibits platelet aggregation using a platelet inhibitor that binds to GPIIb/IIIa receptors. Heparinase is added to neutralize heparin in the sample.

# CFFH - MA

The Functional Fibrinogen reagent inhibits platelet aggregation via the GPIIb/IIIa receptor, excluding its contribution to clot strength (MA), and thereby primarily measures the functional fibrinogen contribution to clot strength.

Clinical Value: CFFH - MA provides the fibrinogen contribution to clot strength by exclusion of platelet aggregation. In conjunction with CRTH-MA, this assay enables the contributions of fibrin and platelets to clot strength to be determined.

# E. CK Sensitivity and Specificity

Two studies were performed to define the sensitivity and specificity for the CK channel. Blood samples were collected from four normal donors and from four donors (four unique donors for each condition) and contrived to simulate hypocoagulable, hypercoagulable and hyperfibrinolytic conditions. Final heparin concentration in tested samples were 0, 0.1, 0.15 and 0.2 IU.

For Normal donors, a $9 5 \%$ specificity in samples without heparin and a $9 5 \%$ sensitivity for detection of heparin at $0 . 2 \mathrm { I U / m l }$ was calculated using blood samples from four donors. All contrived hypo-coagulable, hyper-coagulable and hyper-fibrinolytic samples without heparin showed $100 \%$ specificity and all samples spiked at $0 . 2 \mathrm { I U / m l }$ showed $100 \%$ sensitivity for the detection of heparin. A summary of cumulative results is shown in the table below.

# HAEMONETICS

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cumulative Results (total N=20, 4 Donors/condition evaluated)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Condition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin Concentration(IU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ContrivedHypo-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ContrivedHyper-coagulable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>ContrivedHyper-fibrinolytic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# F. Assay Measuring Range

The Assay Measuring Range (AMR) study was performed to establish the analytical measurement ranges for MA (CRTH and CFFH channels) and LY30 (CKH channel) for the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge and to demonstrate verification of required $\% \mathrm { C V }$ for each parameter. The high and low boundaries of AMR values for MA and LY30 obtained from the study are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowerAMR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalculatedCV (%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UpperAMR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalculatedCV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-LY30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr></table>

As there are no changes in assay composition and formulation of CK and CKH channels in the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge compared to existing channels in the Citrated Multichannel Cartridge (CM), previously established AMR values for CK-R (lower AMR of 0.4 and upper AMR of 17), CK-MA (lower AMR of 40 and upper AMR of 70) and CKH-R (lower AMR of 0.3 and upper AMR of 17) parameters, will also be used for the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge.

# HAEMONETICS

The Assay Measuring Range values available from the TEG 6s with the Citrated Multichannel Cartridge (K150041, 07-601-US) are being retained for the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge.

G. Heparin Neutralization Requirement Verification   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowerAMR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UpperAMR</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH-R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr></table>

The use of heparinase neutralizes the effect of heparin in the blood sample. Tests were performed using Unfractionated Heparin (UFH) and Low Molecular Weight Heparin (LMWH) spiked samples and un-spiked samples. All tests reported R parameter values within the normal range, confirming the neutralization effectiveness of the assay. Functional performance of the cartridges were verified against heparin neutralization requirements. A total of 200 cartridges were tested across four donors, and 10 replicates.

The mean result per test specimen condition fell within the respective normal reference range for CRTH-MA, CFFH-MA, CKH-R, and CKH-LY30 for all donors. The study acceptance criteria were met and has verified the defined heparin neutralization performance requirements:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Requirement Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcceptanceCriteria Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CKH, CRTH, and CFFH assays shall be able to neutralizeup to 5.0 IU/mL (+/- 0.1IU/mL) of heparin. (CTQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CKH, CRTH, and CFFH assays shall be able to neutralizeup to 0.013 mg/mL (+/- 0.001 mg/mL) of LMWH. (CTQ)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pass</td></tr></table>

The tolerance interval $9 5 \%$ confidence for $90 \%$ of the population) calculated for CFFHMA, and CRTH-MA for all specimen types fell within the respective normal reference range. The study acceptance criteria were met and has verified the following heparin neutralization performance requirements:

<table><tr><td>Requirement Description</td><td>Acceptance Criteria Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td>Blood treated with 5.0 IU/ml (+/- 0.1IU/mL) of heparin, measured CFFH MA, shall remain within the normal reference range, 90% of the time. (CTQ)</td><td>Pass</td></tr><tr><td>Blood treated with 5.0 IU/ml (+/- 0.1IU/mL), measured CRTH MA, shall remain within the normal reference range, 90% of the time. (CTQ)</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

For all $0 . 0 0 8 \mathrm { m g / m L }$ LMWH contrived samples, the CK-R value was greater than the CKH-R value. The study acceptance criteria were met and has verified the following heparin neutralization performance requirement for the LMWH sample condition:

<table><tr><td>Requirement Description</td><td>Acceptance Criteria Pass/Fail</td></tr><tr><td>CK R shall be greater than CKH R when at least 0.2 IU/mL of heparin or at least 0.008 mg/mL LMWH is present in the blood sample. (CTQ)</td><td>Pass</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Performance Testing

# Clinical Performance - Method Comparison

A Method Comparison study was conducted with patient samples collected at eight clinical trial sites, following CLSI EP09-A3 guidelines. The subjects enrolled were patients undergoing liver transplantation, cardiovascular surgery, or cardiology procedures. Blood samples were drawn before, during, and after the procedures and were analyzed using $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ 6s analyzers with the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH (Global Hemostasis - HN) cartridge, as well as the TEG 6s with the associated Cartridge (Citrated Multichannel Cartridge) and Clauss Fibrinogen as the comparators. Summary statistics are presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayParameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N ofSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept[95% CI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pearson Corr.[95% CI]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpearmanCor.[95% CI]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK - R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>617</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.45[-0.769; -0.125]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.08[1.041; 1.126]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90[0.878; 0.910]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK - MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>539</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.43[-5.127; -1.731]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05[1.022; 1.082]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.95[0.939; 0.956]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH - R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>829</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.17[-0.538; 0.193]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01[0.960; 1.055]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.82[0.800; 0.844]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKH - LY30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>828</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01[-0.095; 0.071]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00[0.988; 1.010]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99[0.985; 0.989]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH - MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>870</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.54[-6.626; -4.459]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11[1.094; 1.133]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97[0.962; 0.971]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH - MA *</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>883</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-78.71[-98.9; -58.53]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.32[1.25; 1.40]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.79[0.757; 0.814]</td></tr></table>

\*Clauss Fibrinogen comparator

Three assessment types were assigned due to the differing comparisons that were to be made for the parameters of the assays in the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assessment Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citrated: K, KH, RTH,FFH Parameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate/Comparative DeviceDescription</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-RCK-MACKH-RCKH-LY30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The parameters in the predicate areidentical with the Citrated: K, KH, RTH,FFH assay cartridge</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRTH-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CKH-MA on the predicate device is anequivalent channel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFFH-MA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clauss fibrinogen plasma concentrationallows comparison of contribution offibrinogen to clot formation</td></tr></table>

The assessment of equivalency between the CK, CKH, CRTH, and CFFH channels on the cartridge with its comparators was primarily based on the assessment of the bias at the medical decision points relative to the acceptable limits of the bias and the analysis of the relationship between the device parameters and their respective comparators.

For each parameter of Type 1 and Type 2, the predicted bias estimates at the lower and upper limits of the normal reference range (NRR) were within the acceptable bias limits. The entire confidence intervals for the predicted biases of all parameters were contained within the acceptable bias limits at the lower and upper limits of the NRR for all parameters, passing and exceeding pre-established bias acceptance criteria at the medical decision points and indicating excellent agreement. In summary, for all parameters, the assessment of the predicted bias and its $9 5 \%$ confidence interval relative to the preestablished bias acceptance criteria at the medical decision points suggested equivalence according to the CLSI EP09-A3.

The linear regression slope estimates, for all primary between-device comparisons of Type 1 and 2 parameters, were close to 1.0 with their respective $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals containing 1.0 with Pearson correlation coefficients greater than 0.82 in all cases. Slope estimates for the primary parameters (CKH-R, CKH-LY30, CRTH-MA) ranged from 1.00 to 1.11. The origin was contained in the $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of the intercept for each of the Type 1 and Type 2 parameters.

Type 3 parameters were defined as parameters that measure a different physical property, i.e., the maximum amplitude on the CFFH channel (CFFH-MA) than the comparator, the Clauss fibrinogen plasma concentration. However, the two parameters were expected to convey similar information, i.e., the contribution of fibrinogen to clot formation. There was no expectation of a perfect linear relationship between the two parameters as viscoelastic testing measures the functionality of large parts of the coagulation cascade and not an individual analyte, i.e., fibrinogen. Regression analysis for the Type 3 parameter, CFFH-MA on the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge, with its comparator, Clauss fibrinogen plasma concentration, yielded a Spearman correlation coefficient of 0.79 [0.757; 0.814] .

Secondary within-device comparison analysis confirmed that the entire confidence intervals for the predicted biases of all parameters were contained within the acceptable bias limits at the lower and upper limits of the NRR for all parameters, passing and exceeding pre-established bias acceptance criteria at the medical decision points and indicating excellent reproducibility.

Repeatability for all parameters (i.e., Replicate 2 vs. Replicate 1, measured with two Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH cartridges) resulted in Pearson linear correlation coefficients that were above 0.88 for all parameters. Another important outcome of the study was that the new heparinase-containing parameters CRTH-MA and CFFH-MA yielded over $90 \%$ of samples contributing to the final data set at each of the three time points, irrespective of whether heparin was typically present at theses time points or not and similar to the percentage of samples contributing in the CKH-channels. This high number of contributing samples suggests that the incidence of heparin-induced data quality issues was reduced in these channels versus non-heparinase containing channels, suggesting the feasibility of coagulation assessment under conditions of the presence of heparin and/or its reversal agents.

Method comparison data supports the equivalency of the Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH assay cartridge parameters and their respective comparators. Within-device replicability was excellent in each case. The data suggests that the feasibility of obtaining diagnostic information with the novel CRTH-MA and CFFH-MA parameters enables the measurement of these parameters in the presence of heparin and/or its reversal agents.

# 7. Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ 6s hemostasis analyzer. The system complies with the IEC 61010-1, IEC 61010‐2‐010, IEC 61010‐2‐101, standards for safety and the IEC 60601‐1‐2, IEC/ EN61326‐1, IEC/ EN61326‐2‐6, standards for EMC.

# HAEMONETICS

# 8. Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device was considered as a “moderate” level of concern since there is no direct patient contact, any possible injury to a patient is indirect.

# 9. Conclusions drawn from Performance Testing

The performance data and information provided in this submission support a substantial equivalence determination for the $\mathrm { T E G } ^ { \mathbb { \left( B \right) } }$ 6s Hemostasis System assay cartridges Citrated: K, KH, RTH, FFH and the predicate device K150041 TEG 6s with the Citrated Multichannel Cartridge.

# 10. Location of Studies

All studies were performed in the United States.

# 11. References

1. Previtali E, Bucciarelli P, Passamonti SM, Martinelli I Risk factors for venous and arterial thrombosis. Blood Transfus. 2011 Apr; 9(2):120-38. 2. Ak K, Isbir CS, Tetik S, Atalan N, Tekeli A, Aljodi M, et al. Thromboelastography- based transfusion algorithm reduces blood product use after elective CABG: a prospective randomized study. J Card Surg. 2009; 24: 404– 10.   
3. Avidan MS, Alcock EL, Da Fonseca J, Ponte J, Desai JB, Despotis GJ, et al. Comparison of structured use of routine laboratory tests or near-patient assessment with clinical judgement in the management of bleeding after cardiac surgery. Br J Anaesth. 2004; 92: 178– 86   
4. Cui Y, Hei F, Long C, Feng Z, Zhao J, Yan F, et al. Perioperative monitoring of thromboelastograph on blood protection and recovery for severely cyanotic patients undergoing complex cardiac surgery. Artif Organs. 2010; 34: 955–60   
5. De Pietri L, Bianchini M, Montalti R, De Maria N, Di Maira T, Begliomini B, et al. Thrombelastography-guided blood product use before invasive procedures in cirrhosis with severe coagulopathy: a randomized, controlled trial. Hepatology. 2016; 63: 566– 7   
6. Nuttall GA, Oliver WC, Santrach PJ, Bryant S, Dearani JA, Schaff HV, et al. Efficacy of a simple intraoperative transfusion algorithm for nonerythrocyte component utilization after cardiopulmonary bypass. Anesthesiology. 2001; 94:773– 81.   
7. Royston D, von Kier S. Reduced haemostatic factor transfusion using heparinasemodified thrombelastography during cardiopulmonary bypass. Br J Anaesth. 2001; 86: 575– 8.   
8. Wang SC, Shieh JF, Chang KY, Chu YC, Liu CS, Loong CC, et al. Thromboelastographyguided transfusion decreases intraoperative blood transfusion during orthotopic liver transplantation: randomized clinical trial. Transplant Proc. 2010; 42: 2590–

# HAEMONETICS

9. Westbrook AJ, Olsen J, Bailey M, Bates J, Scully M, Salamonsen RF. Protocol based on thromboelastograph (TEG) out-performs physician preference using laboratory coagulation tests to guide blood replacement during and after cardiac surgery: a pilot study. Heart Lung Circ. 2009; 18: 277– 88.

10. Shore-Lesserson L, Manspeizer HE, DePerio M, Francis S, Vela-Cantos F, Ergin MA. Thromboelastography-guided transfusion algorithm reduces transfusions in complex cardiac surgery. Anesth Analg. 1999; 88: 312– 19.

11. Chen Z, Ma Y, Li Q, Deng Z, Zheng Q. The application of thromboelastography in risk stratification for selective thromboembolism prophylaxis after total joint arthroplasty in Chinese: a randomized controlled trial. Ann Palliat Med. Sep 2020;9(5):2498-2507

12. Vuyyuru SK, Singh AD, Gamanagatti SR, Rout G, Gunjan D, Shalimar. A Randomized Control Trial of Thromboelastography-Guided Transfusion in Cirrhosis for High-Risk Invasive Liver-Related Procedures. Dig Dis Sci. Jul 2020;65(7):2104- 2111.Chen Z, Ma

Y, Li Q, Deng Z, Zheng Q. The application of thromboelastography in risk stratification for selective thromboembolism prophylaxis after total joint arthroplasty in Chinese: a randomized controlled trial. Ann Palliat Med. Sep 2020; 9(5):2498-2507

13. Kovalic AJ, Khan MA, Malaver D, et al. Thromboelastography versus standard coagulation testing in the assessment and reversal of coagulopathy among cirrhotics: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Eur J Gastroenterol Hepatol. Mar 2020;32(3):291- 302.

14. Hartmann J, Dias JD, Pivalizza EG, Garcia-Tsao G. Thromboelastography-Guided Therapy Enhances Patient Blood Management in Cirrhotic Patients: A Meta-analysis Based on Randomized Controlled Trials. Semin Thromb Hemost. Sep 2 2022

15. Dias JD, Sauaia A, Achneck HE, Hartmann J, Moore EE. Thromboelastography- guided therapy improves patient blood management and certain clinical outcomes in elective cardiac and liver surgery and emergency resuscitation: A systematic review and analysis. J Thromb Haemost. Jun 2019;17(6):984-994

16. Kumar M, Ahmad J, Maiwall R. Thromboelastography-guided blood component use in patients with cirrhosis with nonvariceal bleeding: a randomized controlled trial. Hepatology. 2020;71(01):235–246.

17. Gonzalez E, Moore EE, Moore HB, Chapman MP, Chin TL, Ghasabyan A, et al. Goaldirected hemostatic resuscitation of trauma-induced coagulopathy: a pragmatic randomized clinical trial comparing a viscoelastic assay to conventional coagulation assays. Ann Surg. 2016;263:1051–9.

18. Hoffman M., M. D. (2001). A cell-based model of hemostasis. Thromb Haemost, 85:958-   
19. Hartmann J, Murphy M, Dias JD. Viscoelastic Hemostatic Assays:Moving from the Laboratory to the Site of Care-A Review of Established and Emerging Technologies. Diagnostics (Basel). 2020 Feb 21;10(2):118