November 22, 2023

Beckman Coulter, Inc   
Stephanie Harlacz   
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
11800 SW 147 Ave   
Miami, Florida 33196

Re: K232600 Trade/Device Name: DxFLEX Flow Cytometer; ClearLLab 10C Panels Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220 Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OYE, PWD Dated: August 25, 2023 Received: August 28, 2023

Dear Stephanie Harlacz:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Ying Mao -S

Ying Mao, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Submission Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K232600</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>DxFLEX Flow Cytometer;</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ClearLLab 10C Panels</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use (Describe)</td><td></td></tr></table>

T DxFLEx Flo Cyoe is intende oru  n ni dos evi mheno using up to ten fluorescent detection channels using three lasers $( 4 8 8 \mathsf { n m }$ - $6 3 8 \mathsf { n m }$ and $4 0 5 \mathsf { n m }$ and two are indicated for use with the instrument

The ClearLLab 10C Panels are intended for in vitro diagnostic use for qualitative identification of cell populations by multiparameter immunophenotyping on the Navios, Navios EX and DxFLEX flow cytoeters.These reagents are used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of hematologically abnormal pts havig or suspect ofhavig,he followig hematopoineoplass:hroni leukeia acute leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and/or myeloproliferative plasms (MPN). The reagents can beused with peripheral whole blood collectd in K2ETA, Acid Crate Dextrose (ACD) or Heparin), bone marrow (collected in K2EDTA, ACD or Heparin) and lymph node smens. Interpretationheesulthould  e by  pathologis  uivalen professa conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

These reagents provide multiparameter, qualitative results for the surface antigens listed below:   
ClearLLab 10C B Cell Tube: Kappa, Lambda, CD10, CD5, CD200, CD34, CD38, CD20, CD19, CD45   
ClearLLab 10C T CelI Tube: TCRyδ, CD4, CD2, CD56, CD5, CD34, CD3, CD8, CD7, CD45   
ClearLLab 10C M1 ClI Tube: CD16, CD7, CD10, CD13, CD64, CD34, CD14, HLA-DR, CD11b, CD45   
ClearLLab 10C M2 CelI Tube: CD15, CD123, CD117, CD13, CD33, CD34, CD38, HLA-DR, CD19, CD45

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW,

urentoctinoationtatevehours onnc t  eviwnstructions, search existing dat sources, gather andmaintain hedata neede and cople and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any otheraspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary for ClearLLab 10C Reagents on DxFLEX Flow Cytometer

# 510(k) Owner / Submitter Information

Name: Beckman Coulter Inc.   
Address: 11800 SW $1 4 7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Ave., Miami, FL 33196 Phone #: (305) 563-0116   
Contact Person: Stephanie Harlacz   
Email Address: smharlacz@beckman.com   
Date Submitted: 25 August 2023   
Device Information   
Trade Name: DxFLEX Flow Cytometer   
Common Name: DxFLEX Flow Cytometer   
Classification Name: Automated differential cell counter (21 CFR 864.5220)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: OYE   
Panel: Hematology   
Trade Name: ClearLLab 10C (T), ClearLLab 10C (B), ClearLLab 10C (M1),   
ClearLLab (M2)   
Common Name: ClearLLab Reagents   
Classification Name: Flow Cytometric Test System for Hematopoietic Neoplasms (21   
CFR 864.7010)   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: PWD   
Panel: Hematology

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td>Predicate Product</td><td>510(k) Number</td><td>Date Cleared</td><td>Classification</td><td>21 CFR</td><td>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td>Navios EX Flow Cytometer</td><td>K183592</td><td>03/21/2019</td><td>Class II</td><td>864.5220</td><td>OYE</td></tr><tr><td>ClearLLab 10C Reagent System</td><td>K183592</td><td>03/21/2019</td><td>Class Ⅱ</td><td>864.7010</td><td>PWD</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

The ClearLLab 10C Reagent System is currently cleared on the Navios EX Flow cytometer under K183592. Beckman Coulter has developed the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer, a next generation flow cytometer that offers enhanced performance in terms of optics and electronics, as well as more convenient installation and operation. The indications for use of the ClearLLab 10C Reagent System will be expanded to include its use on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer. Furthermore, the indications for use will be clearly stated on labeling. The intended use of the ClearLLab 10C Reagent System will not be modified.

ClearLLab 10C Reagent System components that are included with use on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer:

DxFLEX Flow Cytometer [3 laser/10 color configuration] [New] DxFLEX Daily QC Fluorospheres [New] ClearLLab 10C Panels [B, T, M1 and M2] [Modification to Existing] ClearLLab Compensation Kit [Modification to Existing] ClearLLab Compensation Beads [Modification to Existing] ClearLLab Control Cells, normal and abnormal [Modification to Existing] • Kaluza C data analysis software [Existing] IOTest 3 Fixative Solution [Existing] IOTest 3 Lysing Solution [Existing]

The ClearLLab 10C Reagent System is run on Beckman Coulter’s DxFLEX Flow Cytometer (3 Laser/10 Color configuration]. The DxFLEX Flow Cytometer includes the hardware and CytExpert for DxFLEX software. It requires off-line manual sample processing and use of the accompanying lysing reagent. As part of the ClearLLab 10C Reagent System, to allow proper utilization of this application, the indications for the DxFLEX flow cytometers include ten fluorescent detection channels (FL1-FL10) and three laser configurations (blue, red and violet).

As with the workflow on the predicate system, LMD data analysis is performed manually using the Kaluza C Analysis Software. This Analysis Software package is supplied separately from the DxFLEX and must be installed on an independent computer workstation for off-line analysis of listmode files generated on the flow cytometer with the associated reagents and cytometer system software package, including Control Cell QC data and sample data analysis. The CytExpert for DxFLEX software is NOT be recommended for analysis use with this application (Note that QC data DxFLEX Daily QC Fluorospheres and Compensation products will continue to be analyzed using the on-board instrument software).

Kaluza C Software is a software tool designed to work with \*.fcs and \*.lmd files generated from flow cytometers. The advantages of using the Kaluza C over the CytExpert for DxFLEX software are listed below:

Powerful processing speed allows fast analysis of listmode data, including real-time   
updating of gating and compensation   
Plot displays are more versatile allowing linear, logarithmic and ‘Logicle’ (linear/log   
hybrid) axes as well as configurable scaling and zooming options   
Range of compensation options   
QC reporting includes Levey-Jennings plots and highlighted pass/fail criteria on   
results displays

Preset Kaluza C analysis templates for the ClearLLab 10C reagent system will be provided. The total WBC gate is defined in the histogram of SS vs. CD45-KO525-A by the inclusion of all $\mathrm { C D 4 5 + }$ events with low, medium and high Side Scatter after the exclusion of the cells that were compromised and/or aggregated. A subsequent histogram defines specific leukocyte subset such as lymphocytes, monocytes, granulocytes. The low SS/bright $\mathrm { C D } 4 5 +$ population identifies lymphocytes. Applicable markers are then displayed in subsequent histograms gated on lymphocytes. This process is repeated for mid SS/medium $\mathrm { C D } 4 5 +$ populations to identify monocytes and for high SS/medium $\mathrm { C D } 4 5 +$ to identify granulocytes.

# Intended Use:

DxFLEX Flow Cytometer

The DxFLEX Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping using up to ten fluorescent detection channels using three lasers $( 4 8 8 \mathrm { n m }$ , $6 3 8 \mathrm { n m }$ , and $4 0 5 \mathrm { n m }$ ) and two light scatter detection channels. It is intended for use with in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays and software that are indicated for use with the instrument.

ClearLLab 10C Panels

The ClearLLab 10C Panels are intended for in vitro diagnostic use for qualitative identification of cell populations by multiparameter immunophenotyping on the DxFLEX flow cytometers. These reagents are used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of hematologically abnormal patients having, or suspected of having, the following hematopoietic neoplasms: chronic leukemia, acute leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and/or myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN). The reagents can be used with peripheral whole blood (collected in K2EDTA, Acid Citrate Dextrose (ACD) or Heparin), bone marrow (collected in $\mathrm { K _ { 2 } E D T A }$ , ACD or Heparin) and lymph node specimens. Interpretation of the results should be confirmed by a pathologist or equivalent professional in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings. These reagents provide multiparameter, qualitative results for the surface antigens listed below:

• ClearLLab 10C B Cell Tube: Kappa, Lambda, CD10, CD5, CD200, CD34, CD38, CD20, CD19, CD45   
ClearLLab 10C T Cell Tube: TCRγδ, CD4, CD2, CD56, CD5, CD34, CD3, CD8, CD7, CD45   
• ClearLLab 10C M1 Cell Tube: CD16, CD7, CD10, CD13, CD64, CD34, CD14, HLADR, CD11b, CD45   
• ClearLLab 10C M2 Cell Tube: CD15, CD123, CD117, CD13, CD33, CD34, CD38, HLA-DR, CD19, CD45

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClearLLab 10C Reagent System onNavios EX flow cytometer (K183592) -Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClearLLab 10C Reagent Systemon DxFLEX flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA product codefor ClearLLab 10CPanels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PWD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PWD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a panel forqualitative identification of various cellpopulations by immunophenotyping on the Naviosand Navios EX flow cytometers. These reagentsare used as an aid in the differential diagnosis ofhematologically abnormal patients having thefollowing hematopoietic neoplasms: chronicleukemia, acute leukemia, non-Hodgkinlymphoma, myeloma, myelodysplastic syndrome(MDS), and/or myeloproliferative neoplasms(MPN). The reagents can be used with peripheralwhole blood (collected in K2EDTA, ACD orHeparin), bone marrow (collected in K2EDTA,ACD or Heparin) and lymph node specimens forimmunophenotyping. The results should beinterpreted by a pathologist or equivalent inconjunction with other clinical and laboratoryfindings.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ClearLLab 10C Reagent System onNavios EX flow cytometer (K183592) -Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClearLLab 10C Reagent Systemon DxFLEX flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Panels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B panel T panel  M1        M2panel     panelKAPPA TCRγδ    CD16     CD15LAMBDCD4       CD7       CD123ACD10    CD2       CD10     CD117CD5      CD56     CD13     CD13CD200  CD5      CD64     CD33CD34    CD34     CD34     CD34CD38    CD7      CD14     CD38CD20    CD8       HLA-DR HLA-DRCD19    CD3       CD11b   CD19CD45    CD45     CD45     CD45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALL MARKERS ARE THE SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Form</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Dry unitized form (one test / panel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Conditions</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Room Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Set-up ReagentsOptical and FluidicsAlignment</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Flow-Check Pro Fluorospheres</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SIMILARDxFLEX Daily QC FluorospheresSame function. Designed to be used on 10 channels of theDxFLEX flow cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Set-up ReagentsStandardization</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Flow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SIMILARDxFLEX Daily QC FluorospheresThe standardization for the ClearLLab 10C ReagentSystem on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer is performedwith the same reagent and during the same step as theoptical alignment and fluidics verification.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristic</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="2">ClearLLab 10C Reagent System onNavios EX flow cytometer (K183592) -Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">ClearLLab 10C Reagent Systemon DxFLEX flow cytometer</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxFLEX Daily QC Fluorospheres have target valuesassigned to monitor optical alignment and fluidics that arealso used as an aid in standardizing forward scatter, sidescatter, and fluorescence detectors on the DxFLEX FlowCytometer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyse and Fixation</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">IOTest 3 Fixative SolutionIOTest 3 Lysing Solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">Wash and prepare samples manually</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">Sample Age andPrepared SampleStability</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K2EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LN(Media)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">WholeBlood(WB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreparedSampleAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">BoneMarrow (BM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SpecimenAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreparedSSampleAge</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LymphNode(LN)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PreparedSampleAge</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color Compensation</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">ClearLLab Compensation Kit with ClearLLabCompensation Beads</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME, except with labeling changes to include DxFLEXFlow Cytometer only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control cells</td><td colspan="6" rowspan="1">ClearLLab Control cells (normal and abnormal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME, except with labeling changes to include DxFLEXFlow Cytometer and assay ranges specific for theDxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Navios EX Flow Cytometer(K183592)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA productcode for FlowCytometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OYE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OYE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Navios EX Flow Cytometer is intended for use asan in vitro diagnostic device for immunophenotypingusing up to ten fluorescent detection channels usingthree lasers (488 nm, 638 nm, and 405 nm) and twolight scatter detection channels. It is intended for usewith in vitro diagnostic (IVD) assays and software thatare indicated for use with the instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DxFLEX Flow Cytometer is intended for use as an invitro diagnostic device for immunophenotyping using upto ten fluorescent detection channels using three lasers(488 nm, 638 nm, and 405 nm) and two light scatterdetection channels. It is intended for use with in vitrodiagnostic (IVD) assays and software that are indicatedfor use with the instrument.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Safety Features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interlocks and mitigation of hazards via software andhardware controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SoftwareArchitecture</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The acquisition software enables the user to acquiredata from the instrument and to analyze, display, printand export acquired data.The embedded software resides in the instrument. Itcontrols the instrument functionality including themulti-carousel loader (MCL) for sample introduction.The embedded software controls the instruments' lasers,acquisition system and fluidics. The instrument fluidicsaspirates the sample, and performs instrumentmaintenance functions such as startup/shutdown. Theembedded software also captures and provides the datato the workstation for processing.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Pre-Analytic Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SystemConfiguration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•   Workstation•  PC based workstation running Microsoft Windows7 and Windows 10 application specific software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME, except the workstation only runs Windows 10Enterprise LTSC 2019</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Off-board sample preparation following instructionsprovided with cleared antibody reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePresentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample prepared in dry reagent tube presented in thesame tube</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resuspension ofprepared sampleprior tointroduction tosystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared sample is vortex mixed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIntroduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tube samplerAutomated presentation with Multi-tube CarouselLoader (MCL) from 32 test tube capacity carousel•Manual presentation into a tube location on a MCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleIdentification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bar-code reading of carousel position and labeledsample tube. User may also identify samples based oncarousel location with a worklist.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AspirationPathway</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same aspiration pathway used for automated andmanual presentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Using peristaltic pump for automatic presentation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleAspirationProbe</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adjustable (by Beckman Coulter field servicepersonnel)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adjustable (both Beckman Coulter field service personneland user)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Analytical Features</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lasers / DriverBoards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blue (488 nm) Diode Pumped Solid State (DPSS), 55mW488 nm laser driver board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blue (488 nm) Diode Pumped Solid State (DPSS), 50mW488 nm laser driver board</td></tr></table>

510(k) Submission for ClearLLab 10C Reagent System on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Navios EX Flow Cytometer(K183592)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red (638 nm)Diode Pumped Solid State (DPSS), 50 mW638 nm laser driver boardViolet (405 nm) Diode Pumped Solid State (DPSS), 80 mW405 nm laser driver board</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red (638 nm) Diode Pumped Solid State (DPSS), 50 mW638 nm laser driver boardViolet (405 nm)Diode Pumped Solid State (DPSS), 85 mW405 nm laser driver board</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Forward AngleLight Scatter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Forward scatter maskSingle lens collimates the lightBand-pass filter passes only 488nm lightDiode detector converts light into electrical signals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Forward scatter maskUse ellipsoidal mirror to focus the lightBand-pass filter passes only 488nm lightDiode detector converts light into electrical signals</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spherical and cylindrical lenses coupled to the flow cell</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspherical and cylindrical lenses coupled to the flow cell</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow Cell</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•Channel Size: 140 x 460 micronsSheath Flow Pressure: 4 psiThin wall to allow for gel coupling distanceOptics module temperature management hardware:one thermoelectric devices at the top and bottom ofthe optics module box</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Channel Size: 180 x 430 microns• Sheath Flow Pressure: 18.8 kPaOptics module temperature management hardware: twothermoelectric devices at the top and bottom of the opticsmodule box</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescencecollection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection lens and light path:Spherical mirror and aspheric Schmidt lens No gel coupling, NA=1.2.Light passes through optical fiber to PMTareaLight leaves the fiber and is collimated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collection lens and light path•Spherical mirror and aspheric Schmidt lens Gel coupled to flow cellLight passes through optical fiber to WDM areaOLight leaves the fiber and is collimatedOCollimated light is separated by filters intodesired bands</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Navios EX Flow Cytometer(K183592)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">DxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OCollimated light is separated by filters intodesired bandsPMTs detect light and convert to electrical signals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APDs (Avalanche Photodiodes) detect light and convertto electrical signals</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MaximumParameterDetectors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Twelve (Forward Scatter, Side Scatter and 10fluorescence channels)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Twelve (Forward Scatter, Side Scatter and10 fluorescence channels)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40 MHz sampling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 MHz sampling</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Detectors /Colors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Standard 5 PMTs (FL1  FL5) off of 488 nm laser(blue)Standard 3 PMTs (FL6 - FL8) off of 638 nm laser (red)Standard 2 PMTs (FL9 - FL10) off of 405 nm laser(violet)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClearLLab 10C application will require the first 10 APDs.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard 5 APDs (FITC  PC7 off of 488 nm laser (blue)Standard 3 APDs (APC - APC-A750) off of 638 nm laser(red)Standard 2 APDs (PB450  KO525) off of 405 nm laser(violet)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical Filters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical Filters: (SP = Short Pass, BP = Band Pass, LP =Long Pass)FITC 550 SP - 525 BPPE 595 SP- 575/30 BP•ECD 655 SP - 614/20 BP•PC5.5 730 SP - 695/30 BPPC7 755 LPAPC        710 SP - 660/20 BPAPC-A700 750 SP - 725/20 BPAPC-A750 755 LP•PB 480 SP - 450/50 BPKRO 550/40 BP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical Filters (all band pass):FITC 525/40PE 585/42ECD 610/20PC5.5 690/50PC7 780/60APC-A750 780/60APC 660/10APC-700 712/25PB450 450/45K0525 525/40</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ColorSeparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Collimated beam is separated into desired componentswith dichroic filters.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Use filter to separate into desired components.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Navios EX Flow Cytometer(K183592)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-boardacquisitionsoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Software available</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalysisSoftware</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kaluza C data analysis software to be used with theClearLLab 10C application and to be used off-line.Navios EX on-board and off-line analysis software isnot recommended for use of control cell and sampledata analysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME, except provided analysis protocols will bespecific for ClearLLab Reagents on DxFLEX FlowCytometerCytExpert for DxFLEX software will not berecommended for use of control cell and sample dataanalysis.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Post-Analytical Features</td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Reporting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Report, Plots and Statistics printouts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleaning CycleBetweenSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Executed with Sheath Fluid ensuring carryoverspecification is met</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality ControlTechniques</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily Instrument Checks•Supplied Controls for ClearLLab 10C application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleanse Cycle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cleaning cycle performed with FlowClean cleaningreagent as part of the daily shutdown process, beforeand after running samples with vital dyes that stain thetubing, and as part of troubleshooting.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SAME, except additional cleaning cycle required afterrunning DxFLEX Daily QC Fluorospheres</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Compensation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Reagents usedforcompensationand samplepreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClearLLab Compensation Kit and Compensation Beads</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SAME, except with labeling changes to include DxFLEXFlow Cytometer only</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>will be used with the ClearLLab 10C application.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Controls and Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Navios EX Flow Cytometer(K183592)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Controlsand Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flow-Check Pro FluorospheresFlow-Set Pro Fluorospheres</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SIMILARDxFLEX Daily QC Fluorospheres have target valuesassigned to monitor optical alignment and fluidics and toaid in standardization.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProcessControls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ClearLLab Control Cells (Normal and Abnormal)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME except with labeling changes to include DxFLEXFlow Cytometer and assay ranges specific for theDxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Instrument Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PowerPC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProgrammingLanguage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C++</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> C#C++</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RTOS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VxWorks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WorkstationInterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethernet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•USBEthernet</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DataAcquisition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital Pulse Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software functionality to allow:Patient data management — storage, review,reportingControl data management  storage, review,reportingSystem configuration managementSystem service test and adjustment procedures.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Region/gates evaluation•  Statistics generationExport of results to MS Excel/PDFfile</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Region/gates evaluation•  Statistics generationExport of results to CSV/PDF file.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic voltage/gain adjustments</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic gain calibration using target value</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plots and reports</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SAME</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ControlSoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• The acquisition software enables the user to acquiredata from the Navios EX Flow Cytometer and toanalyze, display, print and export acquired listmodedata. The embedded software resides in the NaviosEX instrument. It controls the instrumentfunctionality including the multi-carousel loader(MCL) for sample introduction.The embedded software controls the instruments'lasers, acquisition system and fluidics. Theinstrument fluidics aspirates the sample, andperforms instrument maintenance functions such asstartup/shutdown. The embedded software alsocaptures and provides the data to the workstation forprocessing.Communication protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  CytExpert for DxFLEX software enables the user toacquire data from the DxFLEX flow cytometerinstrument and to analyze, display, print and exportacquired fcs file.•   CytExpert for DxFLEX controls the instrumentfunctionality including the multi-carousel loader(MCL) for sample introduction.CytExpert for DxFLEX controls the instruments'lasers, acquisition system and fluidics. The instrumentfluidics aspirates the sample, and performs instrumentmaintenance functions such as startup/shutdown.CytExpert for DxFLEX also captures and provides thedata to the workstation for processing.Communication protocol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Region and Gate processing•  Statistics GenerationExport to ExcelIncoming data stream formatted into per-parametervectors for improved performance of lin/log datatransformations and compensation calculations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Region and Gate processingStatistics GenerationExport to CSVIncoming data stream formatted into per-parametervectors for improved performance of lin/log datatransformations and compensation calculations</td></tr></table>

Summary of Instrument Characterization and Analytical Performance Testing   

<table><tr><td>Attribute</td><td>Navios EX Flow Cytometer (K183592)</td><td>DxFLEX Flow Cytometer</td></tr><tr><td>User Account Control</td><td>Enhanced security and user permissions • functionality Multiple role assignments • User account information stored in password protected database.</td><td>Enhanced security and user permissions functionality Multiple role assignments User account information encrypted and stored in password protected database. Additional password timeout and auto-lockout of user</td></tr><tr><td>Report generator</td><td>on repeated password failure Panel reports &amp; QC</td><td>on repeated password failure. Password complexity policy. SAME</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Approach</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Guidance Documents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standards/ References</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Laser PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verify stability of the laserperformance of the DxFLEXFlow Cytometer over time.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer laserperformance is stable over time.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Carryover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To verify carryover of theDxFLEX Daily QCFluorospheres in specimenson the DxFLEX FlowCytometer after running therequired daily clean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications for AutomatedDifferential Cell Countersfor Immature or AbnormalBlood Cells - Carryover(Section 12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CLSI H26-A2; FDA StandardsRecognition #7-210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer meets thecarryover performance requirements.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verify fluorescence detectionis linear using standardDxFLEX Flow Cytometersettings.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity of fluorescence measurements wasdemonstrated.</td></tr></table>

Summary of System Performance Testing:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Objective</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FDA Guidance Documents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Standards/ References</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Testing Results</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carryover  Specimen andReagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To verify carryover ofspecimen and reagents on theDxFLEX Flow Cytometermeets performancespecifications.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Carryover (Section 12)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Validation, Verification, andQuality Assurance of AutomatedHematology Analyzers, ApprovedStandard - 2nd Edition; June 2010;CLSI H26-A2; FDA StandardsRecognition #7-210</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer meetscarryover performance requirements.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Capability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To verify that the ClearLLab10C Reagent System on theDxFLEX Flow Cytometermeet the performancerequirements for the ability todifferentiate betweenabnormal and normalpopulations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wood B et al. Validation of Cell-Based Fluorescence Assays:Practice Guidelines from the ICSHand ICCS - Part V - Assayperformance Criteria. CytometryPart B (Clinical Cytometry), pp.315-323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C Reagent System onthe DxFLEX Flow Cytometer meet theperformance requirements for DetectionCapability.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision - ControlMaterial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate systemimprecision using controlmaterial as a surrogate for astabilized sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Precision (Section 9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP05-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures;Approved Guideline  ThirdEdition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C Reagent System onthe DxFLEX Flow Cytometer meetsperformance requirements for repeatabilityand reproducibility.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision  Multi-Site withClinical Specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate assayrepeatability andreproducibility using bothnormal and clinicalspecimens.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Precision (Section 9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP05-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures;Approved Guideline - ThirdEdition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline  Second</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C Reagent System onthe DxFLEX Flow Cytometer meetsperformance requirements for repeatabilityand reproducibility.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Objective</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA Guidance Documents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standards/ References</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Edition; CLSI EP12-A2; FDAStandards Recognition #7-152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision - Operator andInstrument Variability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate systemimprecision performance ofthe ClearLLab 10C ReagentSystem on the DxFLEX FlowCytometer using the samespecimen prepared by three(3) operators, twice a day, ontwo (2) DxFLEX FlowCytometers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special Controls GuidanceDocument: PremarketNotifications forAutomated DifferentialCell Counters for Immatureor Abnormal Blood Cells -Precision (Section 9)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI EP05-A3, Evaluation ofPrecision of QuantitativeMeasurement Procedures;Approved Guideline  ThirdEdition. FDA StandardsRecognition #7-251User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline  SecondEdition; CLSI EP12-A2; FDAStandards Recognition #7-152</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ClearLLab 10C Reagent System, whenrun on each specimen type by differentoperators on different DxFLEX FlowCytometers, demonstrated acceptableprecision performance and met acceptancecriteria.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Accuracy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demonstrate the performanceequivalency betweenClearLLab 10C ReagentSystem on DxFLEXcytometers (Test Method) andNavios EX flow cytometers(Predicate Method) by amulti-site evaluation of thequalitative immunophenotypeagreement between the twosystems using specimens fromdonors in the intended usepopulation.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CLSI H43-A2: Clinical FlowCytometric Analysis of NeoplasticHematolymphoid Cells  SecondEdition; FDA StandardsRecognition #7-150User Protocol for Evaluation ofQualitative Test Performance;Approved Guideline  SecondEdition; CLSI EP12-Ed3; FDAStandards Recognition #7-315CLSI EP09-A3: MeasurementProcedure Comparison and BiasEstimation Using Patient Samples;Approved Guideline-3rd Edition;FDA Standards Recognition #7-296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat the ClearLLab 10C panels are ableidentify the abnormal population whencompared to the predicate.</td></tr></table>

Summary of Accessory Reagents Performance Testing:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Objective</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA Guidance Documents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standards/ References</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testing Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DxFLEX Daily QCFluorospheres AnalyteValue Assignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Define DxFLEX Daily QCFluorospheres Target Valueranges for use with theClearLLab 10C ReagentSystem and define a processfor ranges transfer from onelot of DxFLEX Daily QCFluorospheres.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analysis of the data collected demonstratesthat appropriate DxFLEX Daily QCFluorospheres Target Value ranges aredefined for use with the ClearLLab 10CReagent System and that a process for rangetransfer from one lot of DxFLEX Daily QCFluorospheres to another one is in place.</td></tr></table>

# Substantial Equivalence Conclusion to Demonstrate Safety, Effectiveness & Equivalent Performance to Predicate:

The ClearLLab 10C Reagents on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer, that is the subject of this submission, in concert with the conclusions drawn from the performance testing discussed above demonstrate that when compared to the predicate device is as safe, as effective, and meets the performance acceptance criteria.

In summary, the ClearLLab 10C Reagents on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer as described in this submission is substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to its predicate devices.

The ClearLLab 10C Reagents on the DxFLEX Flow Cytometer is substantially equivalent to the ClearLLab 10C Reagents on the Navios EX Flow Cytometer.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.