October 10, 2024

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Anja Wilhelm   
Manager Regulatory Affairs   
Emil-von-Behring-Strasse 76   
Marburg, HE 35041   
Germany

Re: K240315 Trade/Device Name: INNOVANCE Anti-Xa Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7295 Regulation Name: Heparin And Direct Oral Factor Xa Inhibitor Drug Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QLU Dated: September 10, 2024 Received: September 10, 2024

Dear Anja Wilhelm:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Min Wu -S

Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240315

Device Name INNOVANCE Anti-Xa

Indications for Use (Describe)

INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay in combination with INNOVANCE Heparin Calibrator is an In-vitro diagnostic automated chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) activity in human plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrated tubes in the clinical laboratory. The quantitative determination of UFH and LMWH can be performed on the BCS XP System, CS-2500 System, CS-5100 System and the CA‑660 System. For use with plasma from patients undergoing anticoagulant therapy with either UFH or LMWH.

INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay in combination with INNOVANCE Apixaban Standard provides quantitative determination of the concentration of apixaban in human plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrated tubes in the clinical laboratory. The quantitative determination of apixaban can be performed on CS-2500 System. For use with plasma from patients undergoing anticoagulant therapy with apixaban in situations where quantification of apixaban levels may be indicated:

• Patient with bleeding,   
• Patient with risk for bleeding (e.g. during perioperative management),   
• Patient with conditions affecting pharmacokinetics (e.g. deteriorating renal function, extremes of body weight, treatment with other drugs known to affect pharmacokinetics of apixaban).   
The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ , the Safe Medical Act of 1990, and follows the FDA guidance ‘The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications $[ 5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } ) ] ^ { \prime }$ , issued July 28, 2014.

# 1. Applicant

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH   
Emil-von-Behring-Str. 76   
35041 Marburg, Germany   
Contact Person:   
Email:   
Phone:   
Anja Wilhelm   
anja.wilhelm@siemens-healthineers.com   
$+ 4 9$ 172 3428316

# 2. Device

Name of Device: INNOVANCE Anti-Xa   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7295   
Regulation Description: Heparin And Direct Oral Factor Xa Inhibitor Drug Test System   
Product Code: QLU   
Device Classification Name: Anti-Factor Xa Activity Test System, Apixaban   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
510(k) Review Panel Hematology (81)

# 3. Predicate Device

Name of Device / 510(k): HemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa / DEN190032, K213464, K223187 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7295   
Regulation Description: Heparin And Direct Oral Factor Xa Inhibitor Drug Test System Product Code: QLU

Device Classification Name: Anti-Factor Xa Activity Test System, Apixaban

Regulatory Class: Class II

510(k) Review Panel Hematology (81)

A Class 2 Device Recall HemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa was issued on October 19, 2021. The recall topic was related to labeled On-board instrument stability issue for current and future lots, reduced On-board Instrument Stability from 7 days to 5 days. Furthermore, in K213464 Instrumentation Laboratory Company cleared the reduced on-board stability claims of 4 days for the ACL TOP Family/ACL TOP Family 50 Series.

No reference devices were used in this submission.

# 4. Device Description / Test Principle

INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay is a one stage chromogenic assay. The reagent kit consists of two components. One component (Reagent) contains Xa, the other (Substrate) a chromogenic substrate specific for Xa. Upon mixing of INNOVANCE Anti-Xa Reagent and INNOVANCE Anti-Xa Substrate, Xa converts the chromogenic substrate into two products, one of them is paranitroaniline. The formation of paranitroaniline can be quantified by the coagulation analyzer employing light absorption at a specific wavelength $( 4 0 5 \mathsf { n m } )$ .

In the presence of a heparin containing sample the formation of paranitroaniline will be reduced in a time dependent manner. This is due to inhibition of Xa by the heparin/AT complex. This complex is formed in the patient's plasma and competes with the substrate conversion by Xa. The concentration of the complex is not only dependent on the concentration of heparin but also on the availability of the patient’s endogenous antithrombin. By comparison to a reference curve the heparin activity of the sample can be quantified.

To reduce the influence from heparin antagonists, such as platelet factor 4 (PF4), dextran sulfate i included in the reaction mixture.

In the presence of an apixaban containing sample factor Xa is inhibited directly by this inhibitor. Comparison to an inhibitor specific reference curve allows quantification of the inhibitor concentration in the sample.

# 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay in combination with INNOVANCE Heparin Calibrator is an In-vitro diagnostic automated chromogenic assay for the quantitative determination of unfractionated heparin (UFH) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) activity in human plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrated tubes in the clinical laboratory. The quantitative determination of UFH and LMWH can be performed on the BCS XP System, CS-2500 System, CS-5100 System and the CA-660 System. For use with plasma from patients undergoing anticoagulant therapy with either UFH or LMWH.

INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay in combination with INNOVANCE Apixaban Standards provides quantitative determination of the concentration of apixaban in human plasma collected from venous blood samples in $3 . 2 \%$ sodium citrated tubes in the clinical laboratory. The quantitative determination of apixaban can be performed on CS-2500 System. For use with plasma from patients undergoing anticoagulant therapy with apixaban in situations where quantification of apixaban levels may be indicated:

Patient with bleeding   
Patient with risk for bleeding (e.g. during perioperative management)   
Patient with conditions affecting pharmacokinetics (e.g. deteriorating renal function, extremes of body weight, treatment with other drugs known to affect pharmacokinetics of apixaban).

The performance of this device has not been established in neonate and pediatric patient populations.

# 6. Special Conditions for Use Statements

For in-vitro diagnostic use only.

For laboratory professional use.

For prescription use only.

# 7. Special instrument requirements:

When used with INNOVANCE Heparin Calibrator:

BCS XP System Automated Blood Coagulation Analyzer CA‑600 series (CA‑600 series) AUTOMATED BLOOD COAGULATION ANALYZER CS-2500 (CS‑2500 System) AUTOMATED BLOOD COAGULATION ANALYZER CS-5100 (CS‑5100 System)

When used with INNOVANCE Apixaban Standards:

AUTOMATED BLOOD COAGULATION ANALYZER CS-2500 (CS‑2500 System)

# 8. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The following table presents a comparison of the similarities and differences between the proposed device INNOVANCE Anti-Xa and the predicate device HemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa including their dedicated calibrator and control materials.

# Similarities of the Reagents

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceHemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Anti-Xa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Intended   UseIIndication    forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">HemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa is an automatedchromogenic assay for in vitro diagnosticuse by laboratory professionals inclinical laboratories. The assay providesquantitative results on 3.2%citratedhuman plasma for the following analytesbased on the calibrators used:When used with HemoslL HeparinCalibrators:Quantitative       determination       ofunfractionated heparin (UFH) and lowmolecularweight heparin (LMWH)activity on the ACL TOP Family and ACLTOP Family 50 Series.When used with HemosIL ApixabanCalibrators:Quantitative determination of apixabanon the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOPFamily 50 Series through measurementof factor Xa activity, which is inverselyproportional to the apixaban level. WithHemosIL ApixabanCalibrators, theassay is intended to measure apixabanconcentrations in patients on apixaban</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INNOVANCE    Anti-Xa   assay   incombination with INNOVANCE HeparinCalibratoris anIn-vitro diagnosticautomated chromogenic assay for thequantitative       determination       ofunfractionated heparin (UFH) and lowmolecular weight heparin(LMWH)activity in human plasma collected fromvenous blood samples in 3.2 % sodiumcitrated tubes in the clinical laboratory.The quantitative determination of UFHand LMWH can be performed on theBCS XP System, CS-2500 System, CS-5100 System and the CA-660 System.Forusewith plasma from patientsundergoinganticoagulant therapy witheither UFH or LMWH.INNOVANCE   Anti-Xa   assay   incombination     with     INNOVANCEApixaban      Standards      provides</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">quantitative  determination  oftheconcentrationofapixabaninhumanplasma collected from venous bloodsamples in 3.2 % sodium citrated tubesin the clinical laboratory. The quantitativedetermination of apixabancanbeperformed on CS-2500 System. For use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">therapy in the following situations wheremeasurement of apixaban levels couldbe useful to have as additionalinformation:Patients at risk for major bleedingPatients experiencing a bleedingepisode•       WhenusedIwith HemosILRivaroxaban Calibrators:Quantitative      determination      ofrivaroxaban on the ACL TOP Family andACL TOP Family 50 Series throughmeasurement of factor Xa activity, whichinversely proportionalto therivaroxaban level. With HemosILRivaroxaban Calibrators, the assay isintended  to  measure rivaroxabanconcentrations   in   patients   onrivaroxaban therapy in the followingsituations where measurement ofrivaroxaban levels could be useful tohave as additional information:Patients at risk for major bleedingPatients experiencing a bleedingepisodeThe assay is not a stand-alone test andthe results should be used in conjunctionwith other clinical and laboratoryfindings.For use in adult population. Forprescription use only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">with plasma from patients undergoinganticoagulant therapy with apixaban insituations wherequantification  ofapixaban levels may be indicated:Patient with bleedingPatient with risk for bleeding(e.g. during perioperativemanagement)Patient with conditions affectingpharmacokinetics (e.g.deteriorating renal function,extremes of body weight,treatment with other drugsknown to affectpharmacokinetics of apixaban).The performance of this device has notbeen established in neonate andpediatric patient populations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.2% citrated human plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestingMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reporting Unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Item</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa</td><td>INNOVANCE Anti-Xa</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument type</td><td>Automated Coagulation analyzer</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# Similarities of the Calibrator Material

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceHemosIL Apixaban Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Apixaban Standards</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HemosIL Apixaban Calibrators areintended for the calibration of theHemoslL Liquid Anti-Xa assay whentesting for apixaban on the ACL TOPFamily and ACL TOP Family 50 Series.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For calibration of the INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assayforthequantitativedetermination of the concentration ofapixaban in citrated human plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>used by the instrument to automaticallyprepare a calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>used to establish a reference curve(calibration curve)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>human citrated plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>human plasma, citrated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Physical status</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationlevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2Calibrator 1: no apixaban Calibrator 2:lot-specific</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2Standard 0: no apixaban Standard 1: lot-specific</td></tr></table>

# Similarities of the Control Material

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceHemoslL Apixaban Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Apixaban Controls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Apixaban Controls are for thequality control of the HemoslL LiquidAnti-Xa assay when testing for apixabanon the ACL TOP Family and ACL TOPFamily 50 Series.Apixaban Low Control: Assayed controlintended for the assessment of precisionand accuracy of the assay at the lowconcentration of apixaban.Apixaban High Control: Assayed controlintended for the assessment of precisionand accuracy of the assay at the highconcentration of apixaban.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For quality control of the INNOVANCEAnti-Xa assay for the quantitativedetermination of apixaban in citratedhuman plasma.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">human citrated plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">human plasma, citrated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical status</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Item</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td>Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL Apixaban Controls</td><td>INNOVANCE Apixaban Controls</td></tr><tr><td>Concentration levels</td><td>2 (concentrations lot-specific)</td><td>2 (concentrations lot-specific)</td></tr></table>

# Differences of the Reagents

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceHemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Anti-Xa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP Family (K160276)ACL TOP Family 50 Series (K150877)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUTOMATED BLOOD COAGULATIONANALYZER    CS-2500    (CS-2500System) (K172286)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-boardStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72 hours</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open  ReagentStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 month</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The HemoslL Anti-Xa kit includes thefollowing components:Factor Xa reagent: Liquid preparationcontainingpurified    bovine    Factor    Xa(approximately    5.5    nkat/mL),Tris-Buffer,EDTA,dextran                            sulfate,sodium          chloride          andbovine serum albumin.Chromogenic      substrate:      liquidchromogenic  substrate   S-2732(approximately1.2 mg/mL)andbulking agent.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The INNOVANCE Anti-Xa kit includesthe following components:Ready  to  use  liquid  containing:FXa,    bovine   (~0.7    IU/mLbuffers/stabilizers,preservativespH 8Ready  to use  liquid  containing:Suc-Ile-Glu(piperidin-1-yl)-Gly-Arg-pNA.HCI        (1.25        mg/mL)buffers/stabilizers,preservativespH 5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 ng/mL for apixaban</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.3 ng/mL for apixaban</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 1000 ng/mL for apixaban</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 700 ng/mL for apixaban</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit            SizeConfigurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mL Kit Vial Size (Size 1):Factor   Xa   reagent   (Cat.   No.0020302612): 5 x 2.5 mL vial of aliquid preparation containing purifiedbovine Factor Xa (approximately 5.5nkat/mL), Tris- Buffer, EDTA, dextransulfate, sodium chloride and bovineserum albumin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INNOVANCE Anti-Xa (Only 1 Size):INNOVANCE     Anti-Xa     Reagent:5 x 3.2 mL vial of a liquid preparation.INNOVANCE    Anti-Xa    Substrate:5 x 4.0 mL vial of liquid chromogenicsubstrate.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceHemoslL Liquid Anti-Xa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Anti-Xa</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chromogenic  substrate  (Cat.  No.0020302622): 5 x 3 mL vial of liquidchromogenicsubstrateS-2732(approximately1.2 mg/mL) andbulking agent.10 mL Kit Vial Size (Size 2):Factor  Xa  reagent   (Cat.   No.0020303610): 5 x 5 mL vial of a liquidpreparation   containing   purifiedbovine Factor Xa (approximately 5.5nkat/mL), Tris-Buffer, EDTA, dextransulfate, sodium chloride and bovineserum albumin.Chromogenic substrate (Cat.No.0020303620): 5 x 6 mL vial of liquidchromogenic     substrate     S-2732(approximately 1.2 mg/mL) and bulkingagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators (SoldSeparately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Apixaban Calibrators TargetLevels: 0 and ~500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INNOVANCE  Apixaban  StandardsTarget Levels: 0 and ~420 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls   (SoldSeparately)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL Apixaban ControlsTarget Levels: ~75 and ~300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">INNOVANCE Apixaban ControlsTarget Levels: ~70 and ~260 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Differences of the Calibrator Material

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceHemosIL Apixaban Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Apixaban Standards</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability       afterreconstitution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days at 2-8°C in the closed originalvial,8 hours at 15-25°C on-board the ACLTOP Family/ACL TOP Family 50 Seriesor60 days at -20°C in the closed originalvial (single thaw only).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 °C: reconstituted, 40 hours (closedoriginal vial)1525 °C: reconstituted, 12 hours(closed original vial)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There are no international standards forapixaban.        Calibrator        valueassignments are traceable to apixabansupplied by the manufacturer andquantitated in plasmas assayed byLiquid Chromatography — tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There are no international standards forapixaban.The  concentrationofapixaban is calibrated against aninternal reference preparation and is lotspecific.</td></tr></table>

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products GmbH

# Differences of the Control Material

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceHemosIL Apixaban Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceINNOVANCE Apixaban Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability      afterreconstitution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days at 2-8°C in the closed originalvial8 hours at 15-25°C on-board the ACLTOP Family/ACL TOP Family 50 Series60 days at -20°C in the closed originalvial (single thaw only).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 °C: reconstituted, 48 hours (closedoriginal vial)1525 °C: reconstituted, 20 hours(closed original vial)≤-18°C:reconstituted, 4 weeks(closed original vial)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There are no international standards forapixaban. Control value assignmentsare traceable to apixaban supplied bythe manufacturer and quantitated inplasmas    assayed    by    LiquidChromatography - tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>There are no international standards forapixaban.The  concentrationofapixaban is calibrated against aninternal reference preparation</td></tr></table>

The differences between the predicate device and proposed device do not result in a change to the intended use of apixaban method, the indications for use, or to safety and efficacy when used according to the product labeling.

# 9. Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

# Precision

Precision studies were conducted with the CS-2500 System as described in the CLSI document EP05- A3, using INNOVANCE Apixaban Control 1, INNOVANCE Apixaban Control 2 and 4 plasma pools.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within-Device/LabPrecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meanng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDhng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVi%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDhng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVi%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma pool 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Pool 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INNOVANCE Apixaban Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INNOVANCE Apixaban Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma pool 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.09</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility

Reproducibility was assessed based on internally and externally conducted studies, including site, laboratory, operator and lot variability factors.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Combined sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Combined assay lots</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDhng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVi%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SDhng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVi%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 65 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 65 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 6.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 4.05</td></tr></table>

h SD: Standard Deviation i CV: Coefficient of Variation

# Limit of Blank (LoB), Limit of Detection (LoD) and Limit of Quantitation (LoQ)

The LoB for INNOVANCE Anti-Xa on the SYSMEX CS-2500 was successfully calculated from measurements of samples with an assigned value of $0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ apixaban. The LoB for the measurement procedure was set to $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LoD for INNOVANCE Anti-Xa on the SYSMEX CS-2500 was successfully calculated from measurements of samples with an assigned value of 2, 4, 6, 8 and $1 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ apixaban (approximately 1- fold, 2-fold, 3-fold, 4-fold and 5-fold of the measured LoB value $( 1 . 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L } ) $ . The LoD for the measurement procedure was set to $3 . 3 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

The LoQ for INNOVANCE Anti-Xa on the SYSMEX CS-2500 was successfully calculated from measurements of samples with an assigned value of 16, 18, 20, 22 and $2 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ apixaban $( 2 0 \mathrm { \ n g / m L \pm }$ $20 \%$ ) allowing a maximum TE of $\leq 7 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The LoQ for the measurement procedure was set to 15.8 $\mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m L }$ . The TE was ${ < } 7 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ for both reagent lots.

# Linearity

The method ‘Apixaban with INNOVANCE Anti-Xa on the SYSMEX CS-2500’ demonstrates acceptable linearity over the range of $1 0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ to $3 7 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

# Measuring Interval

Based on the outcome of the LoQ and linearity studies the measuring interval is provided to the users of INNOVANCE Anti-Xa as follows:

Apixaban: 20 to $3 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$

For the quantitative determination of the concentration of apixaban the upper limit of the measuring interval can be extended up to $7 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ by manual 1:2 dilution of the sample with Standard Human Plasma (e.g. 200 μL Sample with $2 0 0 \mu \ L$ Standard Human Plasma) and subsequent measurement of the diluted sample. The result of the manually diluted sample must be multiplied by the dilution factor of 2 prior to reporting. To confirm extended measuring range The dilution recovery study was carried out in accordance with the CLSI document EP34-ED1:2018 ‘Establishing and Verifying an Extended Measuring Interval Through Specimen Dilution and Spiking.’

# Interference

The INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay was evaluated for interference on the CS-2500 System (Apixaban) according to CLSI document EP07-A2 and CLSI document EP07-ED3.

Following concentrations of listed endogenous substances were found to cause no interference up to the indicated concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to...</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconjugated)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conjugated)*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*According to CLSI guideline EP07-A2

\*\*Evaluated with INTRALIPID equivalent (LIPOVENOES) spiked samples.

In addition, no interferences up to the indicated activities/concentrations of following exogenous substances were observed:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Interference up to..</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Danaparoid sodium*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Edoxaban*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fondaparinux*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LMWH*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UFH*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rivaroxaban*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.3 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.077 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ticagrelor***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.190 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.00 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warfarin***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.34 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isosorbide dinitrate***</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.600 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\*according to CLSI guideline EP07-A2

\*\*\*according to CLSI guideline EP07-ED3

# Method Comparison

A study was performed according to CLSI document EP09-A3 with fresh and frozen samples to compare the INNOVANCE Anti-Xa assay on the CS-2500 System to the HemosIL Liquid Anti-Xa on the ACL TOP for the measurement of apixaban. The results from the Passing-Bablock regression analysis are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td>n</td><td>Concentration range samples investigated</td><td>of</td><td>plasma</td><td>Coefficient correlation</td><td>of Regression equation</td></tr><tr><td>301</td><td>23-602 ng/mL</td><td></td><td>0.989</td><td></td><td>y = 1.026 x - 8.590 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The summary of multicentric study is given below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Intercept</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% Cl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% Cl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.568</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-6.562</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.376</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.990</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.956</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14.670</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.346</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.987</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.970</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.034</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-9.299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-14.621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.552</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multicenter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>301</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.989</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-8.590</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-11.593</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.677</td></tr></table>

# 10.Conclusion

Based on the nonclinical and clinical performance studies as documented in this 510k, INNOVANCE Anti-Xa was found to have a safety and effectiveness profile that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device for use of apixaban method (legally marketed predicate device, HemosIL Liquid AntiXa, with initial FDA marketing authorization under DEN190032 for apixaban measurement and FDA cleared under K213464 with modified on-board instrument stability claims as well as addition of rivaroxaban claim under K223187 device clearance).