January 28, 2025

Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Co. Nikita Malladi   
Regulatory Affairs Manager II   
180 Hartwell Rd   
Bedford, Massachusetts 01730

Re: K243374 Trade/Device Name: HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(PF4-H) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.7695 Regulation Name: Platelet Factor 4 Radioimmunoassay Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LCO Dated: October 30, 2024 Received: October 30, 2024

Dear Nikita Malladi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely, YAN CAI -S

for   
Min Wu, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known)

Device NameHemosIL CL HIT-IgG(PF4-H)

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# werfen

# 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Submitter</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory (IL) Company180 Hartwell RoadBedford, MA 01730-2443 (USA)Establishment Registration: 1217183</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primary Contact</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Nikita MalladiRegulatory Affairs Manager IIPhone: 781-353-1486Fax: 781-861-4207Email: nmalladi@werfen.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preparation Date</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">October 30, 2024</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(F4-H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Devicesand 510(k) Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(PF4-H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K170854</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulatory Information</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematology (81)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7695</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platelet factor 4radioimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCO</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">HemosIL CL HIT IgG(PF4-H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) assay is a chemiluminescent two-step immunoassayconsisting of magnetic particles coated with PF4 complexed to polyvinyl sulfonate(PVS) which capture, if present, PF4/H antibodies from the sample. After incubation,magnetic separation, and a wash step, a tracer consisting of an isoluminol-labeled anti-human IgG antibody is added and may bind with the captured PF4/H IgG on theparticles. After a second incubation, magnetic separation, and a wash step, reagents thattrigger the luminescent reaction are added, and the emitted light is measured as relativelight units (RLUs) by the ACL TOP 970 CL optical system. The RLUs are directlyproportional to the PF4/H IgG concentration in the sample.The HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) assay utilizes a 4 Parameter Logistic Curve fit (4PLC)data reduction method to generate a Master Curve. The Master Curve is predefined andlot dependent and it is stored in the instrument through the cartridge barcode. With themeasurement of calibrators, the predefined Master Curve is transformed to a new,instrument specific 4PLC Working Curve. The concentration values of the calibratorsare included in the reagent kit calibrator value sheet 2D barcode.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use / Indication for Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) is a qualitative, fully automated, chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CIA) for the detection of IgG antibodies that react with Platelet Factor 4(PF4) when complexed to heparin. The assay is for use in human 3.2% citrated plasmaon the ACL TOP 970 CL in a laboratory setting.The result provided by the assay should be interpreted as either positive or negativebased on the assay cut-off (1.00 U/mL). The positive or negative result aids indetermining the risk for heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) when used inconjunction with other laboratory and clinical findings.Anti-PF4/heparin antibodies are commonly found in patients with HIT. For use withadult population suspected of HIT. Not for use in isolation to exclude HIT.For prescription use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) Comparison to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K170854)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Names</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(PF4-H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation Laboratory Co.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurand</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-PF4/Heparin IgG Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 864.7695</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(pF4-H) is aqualitative, fully automated, chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CIA) for the detection of IgGantibodies that react with Platelet Factor 4(PF4) when complexed to heparin. The assay isfor use in human 3.2% or 3.8% citrated plasmaand serum on the ACL AcuStar instrument in alaboratory setting.The result provided by the assay should beinterpreted as either positive or negative basedon the assay cut-off (1.00 U/mL). The positiveor negative result aids in determining the riskfor heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT)when used in conjunction with other laboratoryand clinical findings.Anti-PF4/Heparin antibodies are commonlyfound in patients with HIT. For use in adultpopulation suspected of HIT. Not for use inisolation to exclude HIT.For prescription use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) is a qualitative, fullyautomated, chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA) forthe detection of IgG antibodies that react with PlateletFactor 4 (PF4) when complexed to heparin. The assay isfor use in human 3.2% citrated plasma on the ACL TOP970 CL in a laboratory setting.The result provided by the assay should be interpreted aseither positive or negative based on the assay cut-off(1.00 U/mL). The positive or negative result aids indetermining the risk for heparin inducedthrombocytopenia (HIT) when used in conjunction withother laboratory and clinical findings.Anti-PF4/heparin antibodies are commonly found inpatients with HIT. For use with adult populationsuspected of HIT. Not for use in isolation to excludeHIT.For prescription use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) Comparison to Predicate Device (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (K170854)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent immunoassay (CIA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cartridge containing magnetic particlesuspension coated with PF4 complexed topolyvinyl sulfonate (PVS)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-human IgG antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoluminol conjugated anti-human IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fixed clinical cut-off:•  Positive: ≥ 1.00 U/mL•  Negative: &lt; 1.00 U/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 cartridge containing 1 vial of magneticparticle suspension coated with PF4/PVScomplex, 1 vial of assay buffer, 1 vial of tracerconsisting of an mAb anti-human IgG antibodylabeled with isoluminol, and 1 vial of samplediluent used for the regular predilution of thesample. The reagents are in a phosphate or Trisbuffer containing bovine serum albumin,bovine fetal serum, PF4/PVS complex, mousemonoclonal IgG, stabilizers, and preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 cartridge containing 1 vial of magnetic particlesuspension coated with PF4/PVS complex, 1 vial ofassay buffer, 1 vial of tracer consisting of an mAbanti-human IgG antibody labeled with isoluminol,and 1 vial of sample diluent used for the regularpredilution of the sample. The reagents are in aphosphate or HEPES buffer containing bovineserum albumin, bovine fetal serum, PF4/PVScomplex, mouse monoclonal IgG, stabilizers, andpreservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two calibrator levels (included in the kit):Calibrator 1 target value: 1.00 U/mLCalibrator 2 target value: 16.00 U/mLLiquid format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two calibrator levels (included in the kit):Calibrator 1 target value: 1.00 U/mLCalibrator 2 target value: 16.50 U/mLLiquid format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two control levels (sold separately):Low Control target value: 0.60 U/mLHigh Control target value: 3.00 U/mLLiquid format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two control levels (sold separately):• Low Control target value: 0.60 U/mL• High Control target value: 3.50 U/mLLiquid format</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human citrated plasma or serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human 3.2% citrated plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL AcuStar</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ACL TOP 970 CL</td></tr></table>

The tables below show data for 1 representative reagent lot and also aggregated data for the 3 reagent lots.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACL TOP 970 CL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability (% CV)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Laboratory (% CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low CL Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High CL Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample A (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.248</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample B (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample C (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.346</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample D (Unadulterated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.910</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample E (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.677</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagent (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Precision (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(PF4-H)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Aggregated data (Reagent Lots 1, 2, and 3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean (U/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot-to-Lot Variability (% CV)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low CL Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High CL Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.777</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.817</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagent (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td>Reproducibility</td></tr><tr><td>HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(PF4-H)</td></tr></table>

Each level for all materials was tested across 3 sites twice per day over 5 days with 3 replicates for each of the 3 reagent lots.

The pooled data for a representative reagent lot is presented below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(U/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between-lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Reproducibility(Total)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low CL Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.515</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0212</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High CL Multi-Ab Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1047</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1214</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0803</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample1 (Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.405</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0521</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0050</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0585</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 2(Unadulterated)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0.050</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=6>All Replicates &lt; 1.00 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 3(Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.845</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0509</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0645</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 4(Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.336</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0423</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0327</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 5(Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.622</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0569</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0505</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0960</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1623</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma Sample 6(Pool)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4223</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3153</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8821</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.4</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagent (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of detection (LoD) was assessed per CLSI EP17-A2 (2nd Edition) using three different lots of HemosIL CLHIT-IgG(4-H reagent cartridges. Based on the results, the limit of blank (LoB) is 0.09 U/mL and the limit ofdetection (LoD) is 0.14 U/mL.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity was not applicable to this HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) submission.</td></tr><tr><td>Analytical Specificity</td></tr><tr><td>Interference testing was performed in accordance with CLSI EP07 (3rd Edition) using HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(PF4-H) reagent cartridge. Based on the results, following are the interference claims for the new chemiluminescent assay:</td></tr><tr><td>No interference for: Hemoglobin 1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin (unconjugated) 40 mg/dL Bilirubin (conjugated)</td></tr><tr><td>40 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Triglycerides 1500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Unfractionated heparin 1.2 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2.5 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Low molecular weight heparin Human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA)</td></tr><tr><td>1 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor 160 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Acid citric dextrose 0.45 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td>1.2 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Argatroban Fondaparinux</td></tr><tr><td>0.102 mg/dL Dabigatran</td></tr><tr><td>0.900 mg/dL Rivaroxaban</td></tr><tr><td>0.270 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Twenty four citrated plasma samples from patients diagnosed with Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) were tested</td></tr><tr><td>with the HemosIL CL HIT-IgGF4asay andour crcially availabl ntihospholipi antibod assys ani- GMnyGaM four samples recovered above the cut-off of 1.00 U/mL for HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H). These three samples also tested positive for anti-cardiolipin IgG but tested negative for the other three antiphospholipid assays.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Performance Characteristics: New HemosIL CL Reagent (Cont.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Normal Reference Range</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">A normal range study was performed in accordance with CLSI EP28-A3c (3rd Edition) using two lots of HemosILCL HIT-IgG(pF4) reagent cartridge. The normal range was verified on the ACL TOP 970 CL. The threshold forpositive HIT-IgG antibodies were established in the 90th percentile.Cut-OffValidation: A method comparison with the Serotonin Release Assay (SRA) on 91 citrated plasma samplesfromHIT suspected patients (45 SRA positive and 46 SRA negative) validated a cut-off value of 1.00 U/mL (98.9%Agreement, 95% CI = 94.0% - 99.8%; 97.8% Negative Percent Agreement, 95% CI = 88.7% - 99.6%, 100.0%Positive Percent Agreement, 95% CI = 92.1% - 100.0%).Following are the resultant upper limits of the normal range for the heparin exposed and healthy donors:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Reference Interval</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Patient Population</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. of CitratedPlasma Samples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Upper Limit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin Exposed, Non-HIT Suspected Patients</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.42 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Healthy Donors</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.45 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Base on thes studi it has been determined that r hepar treat patient sample, HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(F4Hresults equal to or higher than 1.00 U/mL may indicate the presence of anti-PF4/H antibodies.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Method Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">An external, multicenter method comparison study was performed at three clinical sites comparing HemosIL CLHIT-IgG(F4-H) with HemosILAcuSar HIT-IgGPF4H.The sample were from HIT-susected patientsThe ultssummarizd below are basedon a cut-off value f 1.00 U/mL for the HemosL CL HIT-IgG(F4-) assay and theHemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(PF4-H) assay.HemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(PF4-H) Results</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(PF4-H) Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(PF4-H) Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>341</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proportion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Wilson 95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>PPA (Positive Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97% (91/94)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>NPA (Negative Percent Agreement)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (246/247)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Percent Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99% (337/341)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Conclusion</td></tr><tr><td>Based on the substantial equivalence comparison and the results o the conducted performance evaluations, the HemosIL CL HIT-IgG(pF4-H) assay on the ACL TOP 970 CL was shown to be substantialy equivalent to the ceare and currently marketed device, HemosIL AcuStar HIT-IgG(pF4-H) ( K170854) on the ACL AcuStar (K083518). The differences between the subject and predicate devices do not impact safety and effectiveness.</td></tr></table>