PerkinElmer Life and Analytical Sciences   
Wallac Oy   
P.O.Box10   
FIN-20101 Turku, Finland   
Phone: +358 - (0)2 · 2678111   
Fax:+358-(0)2-2678357   
http:/www.perkinelrner.com

The assigned 510(k) number is: K050960

Submitted by:

Gunnel Laaksonen   
Regulatory Affairs Manager Wallac Oy   
Mustionkatu 6, 20750 Turku P.O. Box 10, 20101 Turku Finland

Device Name:

AutoDELFIA® Neonatal 17 α-OH-progesterone L kit

Common Name:

Fluoroimmunoassay, 17-hydroxyprogesterone

Classification:

Radioimmunoassay, 17-hydroxyprogesterone Class I per 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1395

Product Code: JLX

Predicate Device: AutoDELFIA® Neonatal 17 a-OH-progesterone kit, K042425

Device Description:

The AutoDELFIA Neonatal 17o-OH-progesterone (17-OHP) assay is a solid phase, time-resolved fiuoroimmunoassay based on the competition between europium-labeled 17-OHP and sample 17-OHP for a limited number of binding sites on 17-OHP specific polyclonal antibodies (derived from rabbit). Danazol facilitates the release of 17-OHP from the binding proteins. A second antibody, directed against rabbit IgG, is coated to the solid phase, giving convenient separation of the antibodybound and free antigen.

Enhancement Solution dissociates europium ions from the labeled antiserum into solution, where they form highly fluorescent chelates with components of the Enhancement Solution. The fluorescence in each well is then measured. The fluorescence of each sample is inversely proportional to the quantity of 17-OHP in the sample.

Indications for Use:

The AutoDELFIA Neonatal 17a-OH-progesterone L kit is intended for the quantitative determination of 17a-OH-progesterone in blood specimens dried on filter paper as an aid in screening newborns for congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) using the 1235 AutoDELFIA automatic immunoassay system.

Substantial Equivalence:

The modified B006-112 AutoDELFIA Neonatal 17a-OH-progesterone L kit has the same Intended Use and indications for Use as the original B015-112 AutoDELFlA Neonatal 17a-OH-progesterone kit (k 042425 ), and is based on the same assay principle.

The design control validation of the modified AutoDELFlA Neonatal 17aOH-progesterone L kit has been done, and the performance of the modified kit is equivalent to the performance of the original AutoDELFiA Neonatal17a-OH-progesterone kit.

In summary, the modified B006-112 AutoDELFIA Neonatal 17a-OHprogesterone L kit described in this Special 510 (k) submission has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the original B015-112 AutoDELFIA Neonatal 17a-OH-progesterone kit.

# JUL I 1 2005

Ms. Gunnel Laaksonen   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
PerkinElmer Life and Analytical Sciences   
Wallac Oy   
Mustionkatu 6, 20750   
P.O. Box 10   
FIN-20101 Turku   
Finland

Re: k050960 Trade/Device Name: AutoDELFIA® Neonatal 17 a-OH- progesterone L kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1395 Regulation Name: 17- Hydroxyprogesterone test system Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JLX Dated: June 15, 2005 Received: July 5, 2005

Dear Ms. Laaksonen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice reauirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 –

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. AIso, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

CaolC. Benam

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number : K050960

Device Name: AutoDELFIA®Neonatal 17 a-OH-progesterone L kit

Indications For Use: This kit is intended for the quantitative determination of $1 7 a \cdot$ OH-progesterone in blood specimens dried on filter paper as an aid in screening newborns for congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) using the 1235 AutoDELFIA automatic immunoassay system.