# 510(K) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in compliance with 21CFR 807.92.

1. Application Date: November 30, 2004

AUG092005

# 2. Applicant Information:

Biomedix,Inc., USA   
40471 Encyclopedia Circle,   
Fremont,CA 94538   
Establishment Registration No.: 3004525092   
Contact Person:Paul K Shieh, Ph.D Judy S. Chen, Ph.D.   
Phone Number: 510-438-9500 ext.401, 405 510-366-8270 (Cell) 510-449-1554 (Cell)   
FaxNumber: 510-438-9141   
e-mail: ShiehPaul $@$ Yahoo.com jchen@biomedixusa.com

3. Trade Names:

Q.STEPSim Biometer G/C Dual Monitoring System

# 4. Device Description:

The Q. STEPsTM Biometer G/C Dual Monitoring System uses enzymatic electrochemical biosensor technology for a quick and easy measurement of the whole blood glucose and cholesterol levels. When finger blood is applied to the test spot of the biosensor (test strip), a reduction-oxidation reaction occurs. The oxidation of D-Glucose or Cholesterol which is catalyzed by Glucose Oxidase or by Cholesterol Oxidase respectively, causes an electron transfer at the electrode (silver) surfaces; and therefore, the magnitude of the current produced is proportional to the glucose or cholesterol concentration in the blood. The Biometer G/C uses that current to quantify the glucose and the cholesterol levels in the blood, and then display on the readout of the monitor.

# 5. Classification Name:

Cholesterol test system Glucose test system Product Codes: CHH, CGA

# 6. Device Classification:

1. Q.STEPSTMBiometer G/C and Glucose Test Strips - Class II devices (21 C.F.R. $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ , Glucose Test System)   
2. Q.STEPsTM Biometer G/C and Cholesterol Test Strips - Class I devices (21 C.F.R. S862.1175, Cholesterol Test System)

# 7. Intended Use

The Q.STEPS Biometer G/C Dual Monitoring System is intended for use with Q.STEPS Glucose and Cholesterol Test Strips with Q.STEPS Biometer $_ { \mathtt { G } / \mathtt { C } }$ by healthcare professionals and home users. Q.STEPS Biometer G/C, System provides a quantitative measurement of Glucose and Cholesterol in whole blood from the fingertips. The Glucose measurements are used in helping the management of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, idiopathic hypoglycemia and pancreatic islet cell tumors. Cholesterol measurements are used in the management of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood, ipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

# 8. Reason for 510K

New Device application of 510K Clearance

# 9. Predicate Devices

The predicate devices for determination of Substantial Equivalence are:

1. Q.STEPsT" Biometer G Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K033627)   
2. Polymer Technology Systems, Inc., PTS PANELS Lipid Panel Test Strips (K023558))   
3. One Touch Basic/Profile/One Touch II Test Strips, LifeScan, Inc.(K031472)

# AUG 9- 2005

Judy S. Chen, Ph.D.   
Consultant   
Biomedix, Inc.   
40471 Encyclopedia Circle Fremont CA, 94538

Re: k050182 Trade/Device Name: Q.STEPS Biometer G/C Dual Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, CHH, JIX Dated: May 12, 2005 Received: May 16, 2005

Dear Dr. Chen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# ATTACHMENT 4

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K050182

Device Name:

# Q. STEPS Biometer G/C Dual Monitoring System

Indications: For Use:The Q.STEPS Biometer G/C Dual Monitoring System is intended for use with Q.STEPS Glucose and Cholesterol Test Strips with Q.STEPS Biometer G/C by heaithcare professionals and home users. Q.STEPS Biometer G/C System provides a quantitative measurement of Glucose and Cholesterol in whole blood from the fingertips. The Glucose measurements are used in helping the management of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes melltus, idiopathic hypoglycemia and pancreatic islet cell tumors. Cholesterol measurements are used in the management of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood, lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders.

Concurrepc of GDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Su Division Sign-Off Page 1 of Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k)<050182