# 510(k) Summary

According to the requirements of 21 CFR.807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

1. Submitter Name, Address, Contact

All Medicus., Co. Ltd.   
#7106, Dong-il Techno Town $7 ^ { 1 h }$ -   
823, Gwanyang 2-dong, Dongan-gu, Anyang. Gyeonggi-do, 431-062, Korea   
Phone : (82) 31-425-8288   
Fax: (82)31-422-8589   
Contact Person : Mr. Chang, Je Young

# 2. Date Prepared

Mar 07, 2005

# 3. Device Name

Propriety name : GlucoDrTM SuperSensor System Common name : Blood glucose monitoring system Classification name : Glucose Test System (21 CFR Section 862.1345, Product Codg: LFR)

4. Predicate Device

We claim substantial equivalence to the Roche Diagnostics Corporation, Accu-Chek Advantage System. (K032552)

5. Device Description

The GlucoDr'M SuperSensor system consists of the GlucoDrTM SuperSensor Test Meter, GlucoDrTM SuperSensor Test strips and GlucoDrTM SuperSensor control solution.

The GlucoDrTM SuperSensor system is based on measurement of electrical currents caused by the reaction of glucose with the regents on the glod electrode strip. Glucose in the sample reacts with glucose dehydrogenase and mediators. This reaction creates electrical currents. The subsequent electrical currents is proportional to the glucose concentration in the blood and converted to the equivalent glucose concentration by the algorithm programmed in the GlucoDrTM SuperSensor test meter.

# 6. Intended use

The GlucoDr'M SuperSensor system is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (i.e., for external use only) for quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary, venous, and arterial whole blood.

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Device

The GlucoDr'M SuperSensor system has equivalent technological characteristics as the Accu-Chek Advantage System. The GlucoDrTM SuperSensor system also has the same intended use as the Accu-Chek Advantage System.

# 8. Conclusion

The GlucoDrtM SuperSensor system is substantially equivalent to the predicate device system.

# 0CT7-2005

Mr. Je Young Chang   
All Medicus., Co.Ltd.   
7106, Dong-il Techno Town 7h   
823, Gwanyang 2-dong, Dongan-gu, Anyang Gyeonggi-do, 431-062, Korea

Re: k050985 Trade/Device Name: GlucoDrTMSuperSensor Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JX Dated: September 30, 2005 Received: October 4, 2005

Dear Mr. Chang:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Revised

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_k050985

Device Name: GlucoDrTM SuperSensor

Indications For Use:

The GlucoDrM SuperSensor system is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (i. e., for external use only) for quantitative measurement of glucose in venous whole blood and_capillary whole blood from the fingertip.

The GlucoDr'm SuperSensor system may be used by healthcare professionals or for self testing by diabetic lay users in the home.

The GlucoDr'm SuperSensor system is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus.

The GlucoDr'M SuperSensor system is not intended for use on neonates.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Re Cwln Division Sign-Of

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k)_k05o9f5

Page 1of1