# MAY I 3 2005

# 510(k) Summary

(a) (1) Submitter's name, address

Bionostics, Inc. 7 Jackson Road Devens, MA 01434

Contact Person Kathleen Storro Sr.Director, QA & Regulatory Affairs (978) 772-7070 ×220

Date of preparation of this summary: 15 April 2005 (2) Device trade or proprietary name:  RNAic Control for NycoCard HbA1c

Device common or usual name or classification name:

Glycosylated Hemoglobin Control CLASSIFICATION PRODUCT NOMENCLATURE NUMBER CLASS PANEL Control, Single Analyte (Assayed or Unassayed) 862.1660 (JJX) Chemistry

I. Substantial Equivalence HbAlc Control for Axis-Shield NycoCard is substantially equivalent in function, safety and efficacy to Primus Liquid Control for GHb/A1c [K992921].

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>New Device</td><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td>Name: 510(k), Date: Description:</td><td>RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbA1c Glycosolated bovine hemoglobin hemolysate with polystyrene beads</td><td>Primus Liquid Control for GHb/A1c K992921,11/12/1999 Liquid, whole biood hemolysate prepared from diabetic and non-</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use:</td><td>to simulate blood cells. As a quality control solution for use to verify the performance of the Axis-Shield NycoCard reader for the</td><td>diabetic whole bloods. As a quality control solution for use to verify the performance of the Axis-Shield NycoCard reader for the</td></tr><tr><td>Number of levels: Analytes: Container:</td><td>measurement of HbA1c 2 Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c%) 3 mL clear glass vial with plastic cap</td><td>measurement of HbA1c 2 Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c%) 1 mL clear glass vial with plastic cap.</td></tr><tr><td>Serology Testing of</td><td>No serology testing is necessary.</td><td>Non-reactive for:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Human Source Material</td><td>Non-human source material</td><td>• Hepatitis B Surface Antigen</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>• Antibody to Hepatitis C</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>•Antibody to HIV</td></tr><tr><td>Storage: Stability of unopened</td><td>2-8C,or-20C</td><td>2-8C</td></tr><tr><td>Product:</td><td>12months at2 -8 C</td><td>9months at2 -8 C</td></tr><tr><td>Stability of opened</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Product: Color:</td><td>30days at2-8C Red</td><td>30 days at2 -8C Dark red</td></tr></table>

# II. Description of the new device

Glycosylated Hemoglobin (HbA1c) is a human hemoglobin A (HbA0) with glucose irreversibly bound to the N-terminal valine of the beta-chain. %HbA1c is the percentage of glycolsylated hemoglobin molecules as a percentage of the total hemoglobin concentration.

%HbAlc is quantified on medical devices by turbidimetric inhibition immunoassay (TINIA), ion-exchange HPLC, boronate affinity HPLC or gel electrophoresis.

The Axis-Shield NycoCard reader[K993131] determines HbA1c concentration by the boronate affinity test principle and hemoglobin concentration photometrically. Using the values obtained for each of these two analytes, the percentage of the total hemoglobin that is glycated is calculated and reported as $\mathbf { H b A 1 c \% }$ .

RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbAlc is a two-level, glycated bovine hemoglobin liquid control solution with dyed polystyrene beads to provide the appropriate total hemoglobin value. The concentration of dyed beads and glycated hemoglobin are optimized for the Axis-Shield NycoCard reader to provide measurement values for HbAlc equivalent to the predicate device, Primus Liquid Control for GHb/A1c.

RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbA1c provides a convenient method of performing periodic QC checks for laboratories selecting to measure liquid QC material as a part of their quality assurance program. The product is packaged in a glass bottle.

RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbA1c is a minimally hazardous liquid control solution containing no human biological materials and requires no reconstitution prior to use.

(5) Intended use of the device

RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbAlc is intended for use to verify the performance of the Axis-Shield NycoCard HbA1c reader with normal and elevated glycosylated hemoglobin levels within the reportable range.

(6) Technological characteristics of the device.

RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbA1c is a two-level, glycated bovine hemoglobin liquid control solution with dyed polystyrene beads to provide the appropriate total hemoglobin value. The concentration of dyed beads and glycated hemoglobin are optimized for the Axis-Shield NycoCard reader to provide measurement values for Hb Alc equivalent to the predicate device, Primus Liquid Control for Alc/GHb.

(b) (1) Summary of non-clinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for the device.

Tests were conducted to verify specific performance requirements:

a) Closed bottle stability b) Stability after opening c) Correlation to predicate device d) Test precision and range

(b) (2) Summary of clinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for the device.

N/A

(b) (3) Conclusions drawn from the clinical and non-clinical trials.

Comparison of technological characteristics, formulation and intended use to predicate devices listed in this summary support the claim of substantial equivalence.

# MAY I 3 2005

Ms. Kathleen Storro   
Director, QA and Regulatory Affairs Bionostics, Inc.   
7 Jackson Road   
Devens, MA 01434

Re: k050961 Trade/Device Name: RNAIc Control for NycoCard HbAlc Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJX Dated: April 15, 2005 Received: April 18, 2005

Dear Ms. Storro:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 –

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consuner Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

CaolC. Bemm

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K050961

Device Name: RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbAlc

Indications For Use:

RNA1c Control for NycoCard HbAlc is intended to be used to monitor and evaluate the analytical performance of the Axis-Shield NycoCard HbAlc reader for the measurement of glycosylated hemoglobin. The use of quality control materials is indicated as an objective assessment of the precision of methods and techniques in use and is an integral part of good laboratory practice. The two levels of controls allow performance monitoring within the clinically important range.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page1of1

DN Offico  t Diagnostc and safety 5100 K050961