# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 (317) 521-3544

Contact Person: Kay A. Taylor

# Device Name

Proprietary name:  Elecsys CA 19-9 Immunoassay Elecsys CA 19-9 CalSet

Common name: Immunological test for CA 19-9 antigen Calibrator

Classification name: System, Test, Carbohydrate Antigen (CA 19-9), for monitoring and management of Pancreatic Cancer Calibrator, secondary

# Device Description

The Elecsys CA 19-9 Assay is a two step sandwich immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection. Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2 point calibration and a master curve provided with the reagent bar code.

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

# Intended use

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determinatio n of CA 19-9 tumor associated antigen, in human serum and plasma. The assay is indicated for the serial measurement of CA 19-9 to aid in the management of patients diagnosed with cancers of the exocrine pancreas. The test is useful as an aid in the monitoring of disease status in those patients having confirmed pancreatic cancer who have levels of CA 19-9 at some point in their disease process exceeding the median concentration determined for the apparently healthy cohort. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Roche Elecsys 1010/2010 and MODULAR ANALYTICS E170 (Elecsys module) immunoassay systems.

Elecsys CA 19-9 CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys CA 19-9 assay on the Elecsys immunoassay systems.

# Substantial equivalence

The Elecsys CA 19-9 immunoassay test system is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States. We claim equivalence to the Fujirebio Diagnostics CA 19-9 RIA cleared under K020566. Both products are intended for use in the quantitative determination of CA 19-9 tumor associated antigen in human serum and plasma.

The following table compares the Roche Elecsys CA 19-9 Immunoassay with the predicate device.

Substantial equivalence - comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fujirebio CA 19-9 RIA(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro quantitativedetermination of CA 19-9 tumor-associated antigen in serum andplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro quantitativedetermination of CA 19-9tumor-associated antigen inserum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An aid in the management ofpatients with cancers of theexocrine pancreas.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An aid in the management ofpatients with cancers of theexocrine pancreas.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescentimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Radioimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fujirebio CA 19-9 RIA(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 19-9 CalSet (2levels)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 19-9 Standard set (6 levelsincluding 0)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Tumor Marker (2level)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Defibrinated human plasmacontaining 2 levels of Ca 19-9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 1010, 2010 andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual method or semi-automated with commerciallyavailable rinsing/aspirationsystems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60-1000U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-240U/mL</td></tr></table>

The performance characteristics of the Elecsys CA 19-9 Immunoassay and the predicate device are compared in the table below.

Substantial equivalence – performance characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fujirebio CA 19-9 RIA(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1010/2010Within-run2.9%-4.8% CV @11.1-185.4 U/mLTotal Precision2.9%-4.4% CV @11.1-185.4 U/mLE170Within-run1.2%-2.5% CV @ 5.2-379 U/mLTotal Precision1.9%-8.0%CV @ 5.57-371 U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average variability ranged from6.7% (44 U/mL) to 15.4%(8U/mL).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyticalsensitivity (LDL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.60U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 U/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No high dose hook effect up to500,000U/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None up to 1,250,000 U/mL</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fujirebio CA 19-9 RIA(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is unaffected byicterus (bilirubin &lt; 1129 μmol/L or&lt;66 mg/dL),hemolysis (Hb &lt; 1.4 mmol/L or&lt;2.2 g/dL),lipemia (Intralipid &lt; 1500 mg/dL),andbiotin &lt;100 ng/mL. In patients receiving therapy withhigh biotin doses (i.e. &gt;5 mg/day),no sample should be taken until atleast 8 hours after the last biotinadministration.No interference was observed fromrheumatoid factors up to aconcentration of 1500 IU/mL.In vitro tests were performed on 27commonly used pharmaceuticals.No interference with the assay wasfound.As with all tests containingmonoclonal mouse antibodies,erroneous findings may beobtained from samples taken frompatients who have been treatedwith monoclonal mouse antibodiesor have received them fordiagnostic purposes. Elecsys CA19-9 contains additives whichminimize these effects.In rare cases, interference due toextremely high titers of antibodiesto streptavidin and ruthenium canoccur.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This assay should not beperformed on clotted, icteric,hemolyzed or lipemic samples.Human anti-mouse antibodies(HAMA) may be present insamples from patients who havereceived mouse monoclonalantibodies for immunotherapy.Such sample may show falseelevated or depressed values whentested with this method. Resultsfor patients suspected of havingsuch antibodies should be carefullyevaluated and interpreted in thecontext of the clinical status of thepatient.Can be used with serum andplasma prepared using differentanti-coagulants (ACD-A, Citrate,EDTA, and Heparin). However, it is recommended that if thespecimen type is changed duringpatient monitoring, the patientshould be rebaselined to negateany potential biases due tospecimen type.Patients known to be genotypicallynegative for the Lewis blood groupantigen will be unable to producethe CA 19-9 antigen even in thepresence of malignant tissue.Phenotyping for the presence ofthe Lewis antigen may be producevarying levels of CA 19-9 based ongene dosage effect.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys CA 19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fujirebio CA 19-9 RIA(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For diagnostic purposes, the resultsshould always be assessed inconjunction with the patient&#x27;smedical history, clinicalexamination and other findings.Patients known to be genotypicallynegative for Lewis blood groupantigens will be unable to producethe CA 19-9 antigen even in thepresence of malignant tissue.Phenotyping for the presence ofthe Lewis blood group antigen maybe insufficient to detect tue Lewisantigen negative individuals. Evenpatients who are genotype positivefor the Lewis antigen may producevarying levels of CA 19-9 as theresult of gene dosage effect.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics Corp. c/o Ms Kay A. Taylor 9115 Hague Rd. Indianapolis, IN 46250

# JUL 6-2005

Re: k050231 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys CA 19-9 Immunoassay Elecsys CA 19-9 CalSet Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6010 Regulation Name: Tumor-associated antigen immunological test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NIG, JIT Dated: January 21, 2005 Received: January 26, 2005

Dear Ms Taylor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not imited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

This letter willallw you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } ) \dots$ premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

Page 2–

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html

Sincerely yours,

PobetBeclerh

Robert L. Becker, Jr., MD, PKD   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

Device Name: Elecsys CA 19-9 Immunoassay Elecsys CA 19-9 CalSet

Indications For Use:

# IMMUNOASSAY

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of CA 19-9 tumor associated antigen, in human serum and plasma.

The assay is indicated for the serial measurement of CA 19-9 to aid in the management of patients diagnosed with cancers of the exocrine pancreas. The test is useful as an aid in the monitoring of disease status in those patients having confirmed pancreatic cancer who have levels of CA 19-9 at some point in their disease process exceeding the median concentration determined for the apparently healthy cohort.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA"is intended for use on the Roche Elecsys 1010/2010 and MODULAR ANAL YTiCS E170 (Elecsys module) immunoassay analyzers.

# CALSET

Elecsys CA 19-9 is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys CA 19-9 assay on the Elecsys immunoassay systems.

Prescription Use XXX AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTiNUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)