# August 12, 2013

Arkray, Inc.   
C/O Ms. Helen Landicho, RAC   
Director of Regulatory Affairs   
Polymedco Inc.   
510 Furnace Dock Rd.   
COURTLANDT MANOR NY 10567

Re:k050790 Trade/Device Name: Arkray SPOTCHEM II LDH test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1440 Regulation Name: Lactate dehydrogenase test system Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: CFH Dated: March 18, 2005 Received: March 31, 2005

Dear Ms. Landicho:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of June 6, 2005.

We have reviewed your Section $\mathfrak { s l o } ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you; however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR [SELECT ONE: Part 801 [or, for IVDs only] Parts 801 and 809 ] ); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809 ), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, Intermational and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.  Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safely/ReporaProblem/default.him for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act firom the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address Inttp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.him.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k050790

Device Name: Arkray SPOTCHEM I LDH test

Indications for Use:

The SPOTCHEM I LDH test is intended to measure the activity of the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase in serum, plasma, and whole blood. Lactate dehydrogenase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the liver, cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction, and tumors of the lung or kidneys.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S