# 510(k) Summary

# JUL 2 6 2005

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 317-521-3723

Contact Person: Corina Harper

Date Prepared: June 22 , 2005

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal

Common name: PreciControl Universal

Classification name: Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (assayed and unassayed)

# Predicate Device

The Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937).

Device Description

The Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal is a lyophilized product consisting of added antigens in human serum matrix. During manufacture, the analytes are spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended use

# Comparison to Predicate Device

# Similarities

The Elecsys $\mathfrak { Q }$ PreciControl Universal is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys® PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937). The table below compares Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal with the predicate device, Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys® PreciControlMultiAnalyte(K033937)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal is used forquality control of theElecsys® immunoassayson the Elecsys®immunoassay systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys® PreciControlMultiAnalyte is used forquality control of theElecsys® C-Peptide andElecsys® Insulinimmunoassays on theElecsys® immunoassaysystems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Continued on next page

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Comparison to Predicate Device (continued) - Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys® PreciControlUniversal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys® PreciControlMultiAnalyte(K033937)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with exactly3.0 mL of distilled waterand allow to stand closedfor 30 minutes toreconstitute, and then mixgently.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with exactly2.0 mL of distilled waterand allow to stand closedfor 15 minutes toreconstitute, and then mixgently.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateReconstituted (except forInsulin):on the analyzers at 20-25°C: up to 5 hrs20 - 25°C: up to 8 hrsat 2-8°C: 3 daysat -20°C: 1 month (freezeonly once)Reconstituted of Insulin:on the analyzers at 20-25°C: up to 5 hrs20 - 25°C: up to 5 hrsat -20°C: 1 month (freezeonly once)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:SameReconstituted:on the analyzers at 20-25°C: up to 3 hrsat -20°C: 1 month (freezeonly once)after thawing: use onlyonce</td></tr></table>

# Differences

<table><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Elecsys® PreciControl Universal</td><td>Predicate Device Elecsys® PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937)</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix</td><td>Human serum matrix with added Antigens (see Table 1: &quot;Matrix Compositon&quot;)</td><td>Equine serum with added C-Peptide and insulin</td></tr></table>

# Matrix Composition

The table below lists all active ingredients for Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal.

The active ingredients are spiked into a buffered human serum matrix

Table 1   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Component AFP (human, cell culture)</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>Reactive Components</td><td>Cortisol (synthetic) DHEAs (synthetic)</td><td>please refer to target value sheet of package insert</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Estradiol (synthetic) Ferritin (human) Folate (synthetic) FSH (human)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>L-Thyroxin(synthetic)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>hCG (human)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>IgE (human)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Insulin (human, recomb.) LH (human)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Progesterone (vegetable)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Prolactin (human)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Testosterone (vegetable)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>SHBG (human)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>T3 (synthetic)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>TSH (human, recomb.) Vitamin B12 (synthetic)</td><td></td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

The Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

# JUL 2 5 2005

Ms. Corina Harper, RAC Regulatory Consultant Roche Diagnostics Corporation 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k051687 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys® PreciControl Universal Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJY Dated: June 22, 2005 Received: June 24, 2005

Dear Ms. Harper:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510my umenkK.0687

Device Name:

Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Universal

Indications For Use: