K051292

JUN 17 2005

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name,address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-3544

Contact person: Kay A. Taylor

Date prepared: May 17, 2005

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent

Common name: Folate Assay

Classification name: Acid, Folic, Radioimmunoassay

# Device description

The Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent is an ascorbic acid solution with which whole blood treated with anticoagulants (heparin or EDTA） is diluted. After incubation the erythrocytes are lysed and intracellular folate is liberated and stabilized. The hemolysate is then used as a prediluted sample for subsequent measurement in the Elecsys Folate II assay.

# Intended use

Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent is used together with the Elecsys Folate I assay for the quantitative determination of folate in erythrocytes (RBC folate).

# Predicate Device

We claim substantial equivalence to the Elecsys Red Blood Cell Folate Lysing Reagent currently marketed on the Elecsys 2010 and MODULAR ANALYTICS E170. (K981931).

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent, continued

The table below illustrates the similarities between the Elecsys Red Blood Cell Folate Lysing Reagent (K981931) and the Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent (modified device).

Device Comparison   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Red Blood Cell FolateLysing Reagent (K981931)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys RBC Folate HemolyzingReagent (Modified Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Red Blood Cell FolateLysing Reagent to be used in combinationwith the Elecsys Folate Assay for thequanitation of folate in human red bloodcells.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagentis used together with the Elecsys Folate IIassay for the quantitative determination offolate in erythrocytes (RBC folate).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive chemiluminescence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood,heparinized orEDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample/LysingReagent Ratio</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not provided</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Without considering the hematocrit value:up to 1407 nmol/L(620 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pretreatmentincubation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 minutes±15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>StabilityAscorbic AcidWhole blood at -room temp- 2-8°CHemolysate at- room temp</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days4 hours1 daynot recommended</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days2 hours Same3.5 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N=111,342-786ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(US)N=105,342-786 ng/ml（Europe）N=282,176-589 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified NCCLS(N=60) Whole blood2010 analyzer6.5% CV @ 469 ng/ml4.8% CV@ 850 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified NCCLS(N=63)Whole blood2010 analyzer6.8% CV @ 478 ng/ml6.6% CV @ 573 ng/ml5.5% CV @ 623 ng/mlE170 analyzer9.5% CV @ 188 ng/ml6.1% CV @ 312 ng/ml3.6% CV@ 410 ng/ml</td></tr></table>

# JUN 17 2005

Kay A. Taylor MT(ASCP), RAC Regulatory Affairs Principal Roche Diagnostics Corp. 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k051292 Trade/Device Name: Roche Elecsys Folate II Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1295 Regulation Name: Folic acid test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGN Dated:May 17,2005 Received: May 18,2005

Dear Ms. Taylor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice,labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This leter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Ofice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, Intermational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Intermet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): /OS 129 2

Device Name: Roche Elecsys Folate I Immunoassay

Indications For Use:

Binding assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of folate in human serum.   
Measurements obtained by this devices are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias.

The binding assay is intended for use on the Roche Elecsys 2010 and MODULAR ANALYTICS E170 (Elecsys module) immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)