# 0C117 2005

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Bone

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides suficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name,address, contact

Roche Diagnostics Corporation   
9115 Hague Rd   
Indianapolis IN 46250   
(317) 521-3831

Contact person: Corina Harper

Date prepared: Jun 9,2005

# Device Name

Proprietary name:Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Bone

Common name: Control

Classification name: Multi-analyte Controls (assayed and unassayed)

# Device description

PreciControl Bone contains lyophilized control serum based on equine serum in three concentration ranges. The controls are used for monitoring the accuracy and precision of Elecsys $\beta$ -CrossLaps/serum ( $\beta$ -CTX), N-MID Osteocalcin, and PTH (parathyroid hormone) immunoassays.

# Intended use

PreciControl Bone is used for quality control of specified Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys immunoassay systems.

# Predicate Device

We claim substantial equivalence to the currently marketed Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Bone (K993706).

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Bone, continued

# Device Comparison

The table below indicates the similarities between the modified Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Bone and the current device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current Elecsys? PreciControlBone(approved via K993706)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Elecsys?PreciControlBone(Modified Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Bone is used for qualitycontrol of the Elecsys β-CrossLaps/serum (β-CTX) and PTH(parathyroid hormone) immunoassayson Elecsys 1010/2010 andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170immunoassay systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Bone is used for qualitycontrol of specified Elecsysimmunoassays on Elecsysimmunoassay systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyzerSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys? immunoassay analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentFormat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lyophilized, based on equine serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentrationPCB1/PCB2/PCB3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-CTX (synthetic): approx. 0.315,0.75&amp; 3.0 ng/mLPTH(synthetic): approx. 60,205 &amp; 850pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-CTX (synthetic): approx. 0.315, 0.75&amp; 3.0 ng/mLPTH (synthetic): approx. 60,205 &amp; 850pg/mLOsteocalcin (synthetic): approx.20, 100&amp; 205 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>@2-8C·   unopened until expiration dateReconstituted/thawed@ 20-25° C·8 hours (in total)@2-8° C·5 days@ -20° C (four freeze/thaw cyclespossible)·  1 month</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>@ 2-8 C：unopened until expiration dateReconstituted/thawed@ 20-25° C·8 hours (in total)@ 2-8°C·5 days@ -20° C (four freeze/thaw cyclespossible)： 1 month</td></tr></table>

# OCT17 2005

Ms. Corina Harper, RAC   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k051543 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys PreciControl Bone Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJY Dated: September 13, 2005 Received: September 14,2005

Dear Ms. Harper:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarkct notification of intcnt to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate dcvices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordancc with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarkct approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to thc general controls provisions of the Act. Thc general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practicc, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see abovc) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subjcct to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Titlc 21,Codc of Fcderal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your dcvice in the Federal Rcgister.

Pleasc be adviscd that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complics with othcr requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by othcr Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements,including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labcling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice rcquirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This leter will allow you to begin marketing your device as dcscribed in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device rcsults in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C.Benson,M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Ccnter for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name:Elccsys PreciControl Bone

Indications For Use:

PreciControl Bone is used for quality control of specified Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys immunoassay systems.

Page 1of_1_