# JUL 2 5 2005

pay183

# 510(k) Summary

Submitter's Name/Address Sentinel CH. Srl Via Principe Eugenio 5 20155Milan-ITALY

# Contact Person

Mr.Davide Spada Application Specialist Telephone: +39 02 345514.1 Facsimile: $+ 3 9 0 2 3 4 5 5 1 4 . 6 4$ E-Mail: spada@sentinel.it

Date of Preparation of this Summary: May 28,2005 Device Trade or Proprietary Name: Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal $_ { 3 \mathbf { x } }$ Device Common/Usual Name or Classification Name: （ Calibrator Classification Number/Class: JIX/Class ⅡI

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is: K051457

# Test Description:

The Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x is a device intended for medical purposes for use in ceruloplasmin, kappa light chain,and lambda light chain assays to establish points of reference that are used in the determination of values in the measurement of ceruloplasmin,kappa light chains,and lambda light chains in human serum and plasma.

# Intended Use:

Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x must be used only for the calibration of plasmaprotein tests using the immunoturbidimetric methods.

# Description of the Calibrator Material:

Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x contains analytes (plasmatic plasmaproteins) in human serum matrix. The analytes consist of ceruloplasmin, kappa light chains, and lambda light chains.

# Assigned Values and Value Assignment Process:

The Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x value assignment is assessed by testing the new lot of calibrator with approved reagent calibrated with a Master lot stored at -20 C.

In the assignment testing, five replicates per three runs are assessed for Kappa light chains,Lambda light chains and Ceruloplasmin assays. The assigned value is calculated as the average of all the replicates for each assay.

Quality control materials are used to verify the assay performance at every step of the test. Fresh reagents and new calibrations are used at each run.

# Directions for Use:

Refer to Draft Calibrator Labeling

# Performance Characteristics:

1. Precision/Reproducibility N/A

2. Linearity/assay reportable range

N/A

# 3. Traceability (controls,calibrators,or method)

The Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x is traceable to the following referenced standards:

pge363

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ShortName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cerul</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceruloplasmin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRM 470</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa Light Chains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRM 470</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambd</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda Light Chains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CRM 470</td></tr></table>

# 4. Detection limit (functional sensitivity)

N/A

5. Analytical specificity

N/A

6. Assay cut-off

N/A

# 7. Calibrator Shelf-life Stability

The calibrator shelf-life stability was determined by the recovery method on one lot of Plasmaproteins Cal 3x stored at 2 -8 C, compared with the value assigned at manufacturing time. Percent recovery was calculated for each calibrator level by dividing the result in conventional units (mg/dL) of the test calibrators by the assigned value (mg/dL) and multiplying the result by 100. Acceptance criteria is 10O ± 10 %. At each testing point. Data support a shelf life of 25 months. Claim will be 24 months. Results are reported in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasmaproteins Cal 3xlot P0387</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssignedValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Found1 Monthat 2-8℃</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Rec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Found25 Monthsat 2-8℃</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Rec</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>590</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>592</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100.3%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>599</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>101.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kappa light chains (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>356</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>354</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>99.4%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>353</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>99.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lambda light chains (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ceruloplasmin (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.9%</td></tr></table>

# JUL 25 2005

Mr.Davide Spada Applicantion Specialist SENTINEL CH. S.r.1 Via Principe Eugenio,5 20155 Milano- Italy

Re: k051457 Trade/Device Name: Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class:Class II Product Code: JIX Dated: May 28,2005 Reccived: June 2, 2005

Dear Mr. Spada:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prir to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have bcen reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code ofFederal Regulations (CFR),Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination docs not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C.Benson, MA.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number if known): Ko51457

Device Name:_Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x

Indications For Use:

The Sentinel Plasmaproteins Cal 3x is a device intended for medical purpose for use in ceruloplasmin, kappa light chains and lambda light chains assay to establish points of reference that are used in the determination of values in the measurement of ceruloplasmin. kappa and lambda light chains in human serum and plasma.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

CAc s

Division-SgnOff） Division of Clinical Laboratory Devices 510（k）NumberKo51457