# JUN 17 2005

Arkray, Inc.   
c/o Ms.Helen Landicho,RAC Director of Regulatory Affairs Polymedco Inc.   
510 Furnace Dock Rd.   
Cortlandt Manor,NY 10567

Re: k051432 Trade/Device Name: Arkray SPOTCHEM II Total Bilirubin, Total Protein and Albumin Tests Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1110 Regulation Name: Bilirubin (total or direct) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CIG, CEK, CIX Dated: May 31,2005 Received: June 3,2005

Dear Ms. Landicho:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,therefore, market the device,subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code ofFederal Regulations (CFR),Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including,but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Ofice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also,please note the regulation entitled,"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

50)4

Device Name:_Arkray SPOTCHEMIITotal Bilirubin,Total Protein,and Albumin Tests

Indications For Use:

The SPOTCHEM Il Total Bilirubin test is intended to measure the levels of bilirubin in serum,plasma,and whole blood. Measurements of the levels of bilirubin are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic hematological,and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

The SPOTCHEM Il Total Protein test is intended to measure total protein in serum, plasma, and whole blood. Measurements of total protein are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as other metabolic and nutritional disorders.

The SPOTCHEM I Albumin test is intended to measure the albumin concentration in serum, plasma, and whole blood. Measurements of albumin are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases involving the liver or kidneys.

Prescription Use_ (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1of_1

y Division Sign6ff Division of Cnical Laboratory Deviees 510（k）NumberK051432