# JUL 5-2005

# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name,address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis,IN 46250 317-521-3723

Contact Person: Corina Harper

Date Prepared: Jun 6,2005

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys? PreciControl Anemia

Common name: PreciControl Anemia

Classification name: The FDA has classified Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (assayed and unassayed) in Class I.

# Predicate device

The Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937).

Device Description

The Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia is a lyophilized product consisting of added Ferritin and Aprotinine in human serum matrix. During manufacture, the analytes are spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended use

Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia is used for quality control of the Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Ferritin,Folate I,and Vitamin B12 immunoassays on the Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ immunoassay systems.

Comparison to predicate device   
The Elecsys $\mathfrak { B }$ PreciControl Anemia is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937). The below tables compare Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia with the predicate device,Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PreciControl MultiAnalyte (K033937).   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys? PreciControlAnemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys?PreciControlMultiAnalyte(K033937)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys? PreciControlAnemia is used for qualitycontrol of the Elecsys?Ferritin,Folate II,andVitamin B12 immunoassayson the Elecsys?immunoassay systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys?PreciControlMultiAnalyte is used forquality control of the Elecsys?C-Peptide and Elecsys Insulinimmunoassays on theElecsys? immunoassaysystems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with exactly 2.0mL of distilled water andallow to stand closed for 30minutes to reconstitute,andthen mix gently.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with exactly 2.0mL of distilled water and allowto stand closed for 15 minutesto reconstitute,and then mixgently.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:· Store at 2-8C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:· 20-25 C: up to 8 hrs· on the analyzers at 20-25C: up to 5 hrs· at 2-8℃: 3 days·at -20C: 1 month (freezeonly once)·after thawing: use onlyonce</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:· Store at 2-8C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:·on the analyzers at 20-25℃:up to 3 hrs· at -20C: 1 month (freezeonly once)· after thawing: use only once</td></tr></table>

# Similarities

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys? PreciControlAnemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys? PreciControlMultiAnalyte(K033937)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum with addedFerritin (human origin) andAprotinine (bovine origin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine serum with added C-Peptide and insulin</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

The Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

JUL 5- 2005

Ms.Corina Harper,RAC   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
Centralized Diagnostics   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
PO Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Re: k051517 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Multi-Analyte controls all kinds (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJY Dated: June 6,2005 Received: June 8,2005

Dear Ms. Harper:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice,labeling,and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21,Code of Federal Regulations (CFR),Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements,including,but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled,"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

5100/mmK051517

Device Name:

Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PreciControl Anemia

Indications For Use:

Elecsys? PreciControl Anemia is used for quality control of the Elecsys? Ferrtin, Folate II, and Vitamin B12 immunoassays on the Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ immunoassay systems.