# Attachment 4

$5 1 0 ( k )$ Summary Per 21 CFR S807.92

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Street Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360 South Loop Road</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>City，State Zip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alameda,CA94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-749-6360</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Andrea L. Ruth510-749-6360andrea.ruth@abbott.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MediSense Optium Plus and Precision Xtra PlusBlood Glucose Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR S862.1345</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MediSense Optium Plus and Precision Xtra PlusBlood Glucose Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>May 11,2005</td></tr></table>

# Description of the Device:

The Precision $\mathsf { X t r a ^ { T M } }$ Advanced Diabetes Management System utilizes amperometric biosensor technology to generate a current. The size of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measure of glucose in whole blood and control solutions.

# Intended Use of the Device:

Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for in-vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood for self-testing by lay users (e.g.,from the finger,forearm,upper arm or base of thumb),or by health care professionals.The test strip is to be used for monitoring blood glucose concentrations in persons with diabetes and other conditions.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject (modified)Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AbbottLaboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)Reference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K023256</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Current Submission</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProprietaryName:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MediSense Optium Plus and PrecisionXtra Plus Blood Glucose Test Strips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Test Strips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR S862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative measurement of bloodglucose concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes,test stripsare single use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sterilized?</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Studies:

The performance of the strips using various diabetes monitoring systems was studied in the laboratory. The studies demonstrated that lay users can obtain blood glucose results that are substantially equivalent to the current methods for blood glucose measurements.

# Conclusion:

Results of laboratory testing demonstrate that the performance of the Precision Xtra Diabetes Test Strip is acceptable and comparable to the performance of the predicate device for blood glucose testing, when used according to its intended use.

Ms.Andrea L. Ruth, RAC   
Senior Associate, Regulatory Affairs AbbottLaboratories   
TheraSense, Inc.   
1360 South Loop Road   
Alameda, CA 94502

Re: k051213 Trade/Device Name: Optium Plus Blood Glucose Test Strips and Precision Xtra Plus Blood Glucose Test Strips Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFR, NBW Dated: May 11,2005 Received: May 17,2005

Dear Ms. Ruth:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21,Code ofFederal Regulations (CFR),Parts 800 to 895.In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice reauirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also,please note the regulation entitled,"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k)Number (if known):K051213

Device Name:

Optium Plus Blood Glucose Test Strips and Precision Xtra Plus Blood Glucose Test Strips

Indications For Use:

The Precision Xtra / MediSense Optium / Precision Easy / MediSense Optium Easy Blood Glucose Test Stripis intended for outside-the-body (in-vitro diagnostic) use. The strip is indicated for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary blood for self-testing by lay users (e.g., from the finger， forearm，upper arm or base of thumb)，or by health care professionals. The test strip is to be used for monitoring blood glucose concentrations in persons with diabetes and other conditions.

Dlvision Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety S10k K051213