# AUG 1 - 2003

# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS Lipoprotein Calibrator

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The aied Ko51619

# Submitter's name, address and telephone number:

Andres Holle   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Bayer HealthCare LLC   
A subsidiary of Bayer Corporation   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591   
TEL: 914-524-3494   
FAX: 914-524-2500   
Email: andres.holle.b@bayer.com

# Name of the device:

Classification Names: Calibrator, §862.1150 Classification: Class II Product Code: 75 JIX

Common name: Calibrator for multiple assays

Proprietary name: Lipoprotein Calibrator

The device:

<table><tr><td>Product Name</td><td>Calibrator Part # / BAN Number</td></tr><tr><td>Lipoprotein Calibrator</td><td>00848903</td></tr></table>

Contract Manufacturing Site:

Medical Analysis Systems, Inc. (MAS)   
5300 Adolfo Road   
Camarillo, CA 93012

# Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td>Product Name</td><td>Calibrator Part #</td></tr><tr><td>Lipoprotein Calibrator</td><td>00848903</td></tr></table>

Contract Manufacturing Site:

Medical Analysis Systems, Inc. (MAS)   
5300 Adolfo Road   
Camarillo, CA 93012

510(k) Number: K031682

# Description of the device:

The Lipoprotein Calibrator is a human serum based solution containing various non human and human constituents.

# 5. Statement of Intended Use

Bayer Lipoprotein Calibrator is intended for in vitro diagnostic use to calibrate Apolipoprotein A1, Apolipoprotein B assays and Direct HDL on the ADVIA IMS Chemistry systems.

# 6 Product Performance

The stability of the Lipoprotein calibrator values has been validated according to Bayer procedures and is based on the results of three separate lots of calibrator material. The performance of the calibrator is similar to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use.

# 7. Substantial Equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Feature                                    Predicate Lipoprotein            Proposed LipoproteinCalibrator (K031682)             Calibrator (addition ofassigned value for DirectHDL Cholesterol Method)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bayer Lipoprotein Calibratoris intended for in vitrodiagnostic use to calibrateapolipoprotein A1 andapolipoprotein B assays onthe ADVIA IMS chemistrysystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bayer Lipoprotein Calibratoris intended for in vitrodiagnostic use to calibrateapolipoprotein A1,apolipoprotein B and DirectHDL cholesterol assays onthe ADVIA IMS chemistrysystems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized mixture of humanand bovine serum base towhich appropriate human andbovine constituents havebeen added to achievespecific concentrations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constituent Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apolipoprotein A1Apolipoprotein BHDL Cholesterol*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apolipoprotein A1Apolipoprotein BHDL Cholesterol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable at 2-8°C until theexpiration date printed onthe label.Stable 3 days whenreconstituted according todirections whenrefrigerated at 2-8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six levels for ApolipoproteinA1 and Apolipoprotein B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six levels for ApolipoproteinA1 and Apolipoprotein B anda single level for the DirectHDL Cholesterol method</td></tr></table>

\* Please note: The predicate device already contained HDL Cholesterol as an analyte so the manufacturing process did not change, however Bayer did not assign any values for Direct HDL Cholesterol method at the time of the predicate device submission.

Date

6/4/2005

Andres Holle   
Manager Regulatory Affairs   
Bayer Corporation   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, New York 10591-5097

# AUG 1 - 2005

Mr. Andres Holle Manager, Regulatory Affairs Bayer HealthCare LLC 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: k051619 Trade/Device Name: Lipoprotein for Multiple Analytes Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIX Dated: June 9, 2005 Received: June 17, 2005

Dear Mr. Holle:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ EY premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.htnl.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Page 3 -

cc: HFZ-401 DMC HFZ-404 510(k) Staff HFZ- Division D.O.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (f known): 05 /619

Device Name: Lipoprotein Calibrator

Indications For Use:

The Bayer Lipoprotein Calibrator is intended for in vitro diagnostic use to calibrate Apolipoprotein A1, Apolipoprotein B and the Direct HDL assays on the ADVIA® IMS Chemistry systems.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

(Diviston Sign-Off) Page 1 of _1_   
Division of Clinical Laboratory Devices   
510(k) Number 051619