# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys® Troponin T STAT Assay

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-3723

Contact person: Theresa M. Ambrose

Date prepared: June 28, 2005

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Troponin T STAT Assay

Common name: Troponin T Test

Classification name: Immunoassay method, troponin subunit

# Device Description

The Elecsys® Troponin T STAT assay is a two step sandwich immunoassay with streptavidin micro particles and electrochemiluminescence detection, for the measurement of human TnT in serum or plasma .

# Intended use

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of troponin T in human serum and plasma. Elecsys Troponin T can be used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome to identify necrosis, e.g., acute myocardial infarction. The test is further indicated for the risk stratification of patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome and for cardiac risk in patients with chronic renal failure. The test may also be useful for the selection of more intensive therapy and intervention in patients with elevated levels of cardiac Troponin T. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Roche Elecsys family of immunoassay analyzers.

# Predicate Device

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys® Troponin T STAT Assay, Continued

Substantial equivalency - device comparison

The table below indicates the similarities and differences between the modified Elecsys® Elecsys Troponin T STAT and its predicate device (current Troponin T STAT, K040733).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Current Elecsys® Troponin T STAT(3rd Gen.) (K040733)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified device Elecsys®Troponin T STAT (4th Gen.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of troponinT in human serum and plasma.Elecsys Troponin T can be used as anaid in the differential diagnosis ofacute coronary syndrome to identifynecrosis, e.g., acute myocardialinfarction. The test is furtherindicated for the risk stratification ofpatients presenting with acutecoronary syndrome and for cardiacrisk in patients with chronic renalfailure. The test may also be usefulfor the selection of more intensivetherapy and intervention in patientswith elevated levels of cardiacTroponin T. Theelectrochemiluminescenceimmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; is intendedfor use on the Roche Elecsys familyof immunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Troponin T can be used as anaid in the differential diagnosis ofacute coronary syndrome to identifynecrosis, e.g., acute myocardialinfarction. The test is furtherindicated for the risk stratification ofpatients presenting with acutecoronary syndrome and for cardiacrisk in patients with chronic renalfailure. The test may also be usefulfor the selection of more intensivetherapy and intervention in patientswith elevated levels of cardiacTroponin T.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Special 510(k): Device Modification - Elecsys® Troponin T STAT ,Continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescentimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the 2ndgeneration Troponin T test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the 3rdgeneration Elecsys Troponin T test;traceable to the  generation test</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration frequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 2010After I month when using the samereagent lotAfter 7 days when using the samereagent kit on the analyzerElecsys 1010With every reagent kitAfter 7 days (20-25 C)After 3 days (25-32 C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 2010After 1 month when using thesame reagent lotAfter 7 days when using the samereagent kit on the analyzerElecsys 1010With every reagent kitAfter 7 days (20-25 C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, K3-EDTA and Na-citrate plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, K2- and K3-EDTA,Li-heparin, and Na-citrate plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UnopenedUp to the stated expiration date at 2-8After opening•12 weeks at 2-8 °8 weeks on Elecsys 20108 weeks on Elecsys 1010 (20-25 °C;up to 20 hours opened in total)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Troponin T STAT CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Troponin T orElecsys PreciControl Cardiac.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Troponin T</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Duration of assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Special 510(k): Device Modification - Elecsys® Troponin T STAT , Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.010 - 25.00 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run (human serum)• 1.1% CV at 0.47 ng/mL•1.1% CV at 2.63 ng/mL• 1.4% CV at 11.5 ng/mLWithin-run (PreciControl)•4.2% CV at 0.10 ng/mL• 3.0% CV at 5.07 ng/mLTotal (human serum)•5.8% CV at 0.47 ng/mL5.4% CV at 2.63 ng/mL5.7% CV at 11.5 ng/mLTotal (PreciControl)•9.3% CV at 0.10 ng/mL•6.0% CV at 5.07 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within-run (human serum)4.5% CV at 0.047 ng/mL•2.0% CV at 0.652 ng/mL•2.9% CV at 6.08 ng/mLWithin-run (PreciControl)•2.2% CV at 0.137 ng/mL2.5% CV at 2.89 ng/mLTotal (human serum)•6.2% CV at 0.047 ng/mL•4.6 % CV at 0.652 ng/mL5.6% CV at 6.08 ng/mLWithin-run (PreciControl)•3.5% CV at 0.137 ng/mL4.7% CV at 2.89 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration at 10%CV:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No hook effect up to 400 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower detection limit: 0.01 ng/mLLowest concentration giving 10 %CV: 0.03 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Special 510(k): Device Modification - Elecsys® Troponin T STAT ,Continued   

<table><tr><td>Limitations - interference</td><td>No interference from icterus up to 27 mg/dL bilirubin •hemolysis up to 0.1 g/dL, •Lipemia up to 1500 mg/dL Intralipid Biotin up to 50 ng/mL Rheumatoid factor up to 2000 U/mL Falsely depressed results are obtained when using samples with higher hemoglobin concentrations. conjunction with the patient&#x27;s medical</td><td>Same Same Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Results should be assessed in history, clinical examination, and other findings</td><td>Plasma samples collected with heparin or oxalate/fluoride revealed sample-dependent low TnT values Same</td><td rowspan="3">Plasma samples collected using tubes containing oxalate/fluoride revealed sample-dependent low TnT values when compared to results obtained on serum samples.</td></tr><tr><td>compared to results obtained on serum samples. Contains additives to minimize the effects of interference due to Monoclonal mouse antibodies Antibodies to streptavidin</td></tr><tr><td>Same Extremely high titers of antibodies to ruthenium can cause interference.</td></tr></table>

# JUL. 1 1 2005

Theresa M. Ambrose, Ph.D., RAC   
Regulatory Principal   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k051752 Trade/Device Name: Roche Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Troponin T STAT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MMI Dated: June 28, 2005 Received: June 29, 2005

Dear Dr. Ambrose:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benam

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (ifknown): K05 /752

Device Name: Roche Elecsys ® Troponin T STAT

Indications For Use:

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of troponin T in human serum and plasma. Elecsys Troponin T can be used as an aid in the differential diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome to identify necrosis, e.g., acute myocardial infarction. The test is further indicated for the risk stratification of patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome and for cardiac risk in patients with chronic renal failure. The test may also be useful for the selection of more intensive therapy and intervention in patients with elevated levels of cardiac Troponin T. The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on the Roche Elecsys family of immunoassay analyzers.