# SEP - 2 2005

# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 1) Submitter name,address, contact

Roche Diagnostics Corporation   
9115 Hague Rd.   
Indianapolis,IN 46250   
(317) 521-7688   
Contact Person: Dimitris Demirtzoglou Date Prepared: June 14,2005

# 2) Device name

Proprietary name: Accu-Chek Go System   
Classification name: Glucose dehydrogenase, glucose test system   
(21 C.F.R. \$ 862.1345)(75LFR)

# 3)Predicate device

We claim substantial equivalence to the current legally marketed Accu-Chek Go System (K#040796).

4) Device Description

Instrument Operating Principle -- photometry Reagent Test Principle -- glucose dehydrogenase

# 5) Intended use

The Accu-Chek Go system is designed to quantitatively measure the concentration of glucose in whole blood by persons with diabetes or by health care professionals for monitoring glucose in the home or in health care facilities. The device is indicated for professional use and over-the-counter sale.

Profesionals may use the test strips to test capillary, venous and arterial blood samples; lay use is limited to capillary whole blood testing. Capillary blood samples can be acquired from fingertips, forearm, upper arm, thigh, calf and palm.

# 6) Similarities

The Roche Diagnostics Accu-Chek Go (modified) System is substantially equivalent to the current legally marketed Accu-Chek Go (predicate) System. The proposed modification is relatively modest in scope. The following is a list of some of the claims and features unaffected by the proposed modification.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature/Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A glucose dye oxidoreductase mediator reaction.Step 1: Glucose is oxidized by the PQQ-dependent enzyme glucoe-dye-oxidoreductase (EC.1.1.99.17) to gluconolactone and the reductionequivalents are transferred to the enzyme-bound PQQ to give PQQH2.Step 2: The enzyme transfers the reduction equivalents from PQQH2 tothe oxidized form of the mediator. Bis-(2-hydroxyethyl)-(4-hydroximinocyclohexa-2,5-dienylidene)-ammonium-chloride is used as amediator. Step 3: The reduced form of the mediator reduces the indicator 2,18-phosphomolybdic acid to produce the color heteropolyblue.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test strip storageconditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at room temperature between +36°F (+2° C) and +86°F(+30° C).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test strip operatingconditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between +5°F(+10° C)and +104°F(+40° C).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality control testingfrequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tests should be run with liquid quality control materials whenever a newvial of test strips is opened or an unusual blood test result is obtained.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality controlacceptable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The mean is strip lot specific and will be determined individually. Therange of the controls is within ± 15 mg/dL or± 15% compared to thedetermined mean.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling instructionsregarding expectedresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The normal fasting adult blood glucose range for a non-diabetic is 74-106mg/dL. One to two hours after meals, normal blood glucose levels shouldbe less than 140 mg/dL. Doctors will determine the range that isappropriate for the patients.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling instructionsregarding response tounusual results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Run a quality control test, if the result is outside the acceptable QCrecovery range contact Roche Diagnostic&#x27;s Accu-Chek Customer Carecenter; if result is within the acceptable range, review proper testingprocedure and repeat blood glucose test with a new test strip.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25- 65%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warnings andprecautions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td></tr></table>

# ${ \bar { \bf 5 } } 1 0 ( { \bf k } )$ Summary, Continued

6) Similarities (continued)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature/Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data transmission toexternal devices</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infrared interface</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bis-(2-hydroxyethyl)-(4-hydroximinocyclohexa-2,5-dienylidene)-ammonium-chlorideGlucose dye oxidoreductase*2,18-phosphomolybdic acidStabilizerNonreactive ingredients*(from A. Calcoaceticus, recombinant from E. Coli)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate Site Test(AST) Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both meter systems claim six testing sites, including: fingertip, upperarm, forearm, thigh, calf, and palm.·Both meter systems include the same precautionary messaging relativeto AST in the associated labeling.· Both meter systems utilize the same optical detection system.· Both meter systems utilize the same under dose detection technologyand scheme.· Both test strips have the same architecture and functional structure.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter physicaldimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113 x 46 x 20 mm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Batteries required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 lithium battery type CR2430 or DL2430</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data MemoryCapacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 blood glucose results with date and time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor coding procedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code chip provided with each carton of test strips.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method of preparing atest strip for a glucosetest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User extracts a single test strip from a test strip vial and inserts the stripinto the appropriate port in the meter until positioned correctly for a test.</td></tr></table>

# Differences

7)Data demonstrating substantial equivalence   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Chek Go(modified)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accu-Chek Go(predicate)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Accu-Chek Go system isdesigned to quantitatively measurethe concentration of glucose in wholeblood by persons with diabetes or byhealth care professionals formonitoring glucose in the home or inhealth care facilities. The device isindicated for professional use andover-the-counter sale.Professionals may use the test stripsto test capillary, venous and arterialblood samples; lay use is limited tocapillary whole blood testing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Accu-Chek Go system is designedto quantitatively measure theconcentration of glucose in capillarywhole blood by persons with diabetesor by health care professionals in thehome or in health care facilities. Thedevice is indicated for professional useand over-the-counter sale.Professionals may use the test strips totest capillary and venous blood samples; lay use is limited to capillarywhole blood testing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptable sampletypes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood samples froma finger stick or AST site. Venousand arterial blood may also be usedonly if drawn by health careprofessionals.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capillary whole blood samples from afinger stick or AST site. Venous bloodmay also be used only if drawn byhealth care professionals.</td></tr></table>

Performance-testing on the modified Accu-Chek Go System demonstrated that the device meets the performance requirements for its intended use.A multi-center performance study was conducted to evaluate the accuracy and precision of the modified device. The study's objective was to evaluate the extent, to which results obtained from the system correlate to whole blood glucose reference that has been converted to a plasma-like result, using arterial whole blood. The clinical data demonstrates that the performance of the Accu-Chek Go correlates well with the laboratory plasma glucose reference test method, Glucose Hexokinase.All predetermined acceptance criteria were satisfied. The data also demonstrates that the Accu-Chek Go is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# SEP-2 2005

Mr. Dimitris Demirtzoglou   
Roche Diagnostics Corporation   
9115 Hague Road   
P.O.Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k051592 Trade/Device Name: Accu-Chek Go test system Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class:Class II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: June 14,2005 Received: June 15,2005

Dear Mr. Demirtzoglou:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28,1976,the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice,labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21,Code ofFederal Regulations (CFR),Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 80l and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus,permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also,please note the regulation entitled,"Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers,International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

Device Name: Accu-Chek Go Test System

Indications For Use:

The Accu-Chek Go system is designed to quantitatively measure the concentration of glucose in whole blood by persons with diabetes or by health care professionals for monitoring glucose in the home or in health care facilities. The device is indicated for professional use and over-the-counter sale.

Professionals may use the test strips to test capillary, venous and arterial blood samples; lay use is limited to capillary whole blood testing.