# OCT 4 - 2005 SECTION II

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: k052010

# Submitter:

Cone Bioproducts 1008 N. River Street Seguin, TX 78155

Telephone: (830)379-0197   
Facsimile: (830)379-0471

# Contact Person:

William K. Cone Regulatory Affairs Officer Telephone: (830)379-0197 ext. 203 Facsimile: (839)379-0471

Preparation Date: September 1, 2005

# Device Information:

Proprietary Name: Regulation Number: Regulatory Name: Product Code: Regulatory Class:

HbAlc Linearity Set   
21 CFR§862.1660   
Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed)   
JJX   
Class I

# Predicate Devices:

The HbAlc Linearity Set is substantially equivalent to LiniCAL Enzyme Calibration Verifiers (k040535) for its stated intended use.

# Device Description:

The HbAlc Linearity Set is prepared from human blood to which stabilizers are added. The control is provided in liquid form for user convenience.

# Intended Use:

Hemoglobin Alc Linearity is intended for use as quality control material to demonstrate linearity throughout the reportable range of Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c%) for Immunoassay and HPLC test methods using protocols established in individual laboratories.

Cone Bioproducts' HbAlc Linearity Set is substantially equivalent to LiniCAL Enzyme Calibration Verifiers (k040535) for its stated intended use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceHemoglobin Alc Linearity Set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(s)LiniCAL Enzyme CalibrationVerifiers (k040535)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Alc Linearity is intendedfor use as quality control material todemonstrate the linearity ofHemoglobin A1c (HbA1c%) forImmunoassay and HPLC test methodsusing protocols established inindividual laboratories.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiniCAL Enzyme CalibrationVerifiers are intended for use in theclinical laboratory to verifycalibaration and/or linearity of theBeckman Coulter Synchron ProteinSystems. Five assayed levels ofAlkaline Phosphatase, AlanineAminotransferase, Amylase, AsparateAminotransferase, Cholinesterase,Creatine Kinase, Creatine Kinase MB,Lactate Dehydrogenase, Lipase.Gamma Glutamyl Transferase, andPancreatic Amylase are provided toallow monitoring of the reportablerange.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Constituent :Alc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple Constituents:Alkaline Phosphatase, AlanineAminotransferase, Amylase, AsparateAminotransferase. Cholinesterase,Creatine Kinase, Creatine Kinase MB.Lactate Dehydrogenase, Lipase,Gamma Glutamyl Transferase, andPancreatic Amylase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology/Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compatible with Immunoassay andHPLC HbAlc test methods.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coutler Sychron</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human and Bovine Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-44)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A-E5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2°C to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened vial stability (-20°C):2 YearsOpened vial stability (2-8°C):14 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened vial stability (2-8°C):3 YearsOpened vial stability (2-8°C):14 days</td></tr></table>

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that Cone Bioproducts' Alc Linearity Set is substantially equivalent to LiniCAL Enzyme Calibration Verifiers (k040535). Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available and analytical predicate device. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the Cone Bioproducts' Alc Linearity Set is safe and effective for its stated intended use.

# OCT 4 - 2005

Mr. William Cone Regulatory Affairs Officer Cone Bioproducts 1008 N. River Street Seguin, TX 78155

Re: k052010 Trade/Device Name: Cone Bioproducts HbA1c Linearity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJX Dated: September 1, 2005 Received: September 16, 2005

Dear Mr. Cone:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) peart noticatin.The DAfndingusanial equivalence o your device to aally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C.Benam

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# SECTION III

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k052010

Device Name: Cone Bioproducts' HbA ic Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

HegobAcLeariy ru ualiynolatl ry rerab rang  Hemoglobin 1c (HbA1c%)or moassay and HPLC testmethos usi protocos establish in individual laboratories.