# DEC 9 2005

# SECTION II 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510{k) Number: Designed K#: 052208

# Submitter:

Tianjin New Bay Bioresearch Co., Ltd.   
#3 Jian She Rd, Ba Li Tai Industry Area Jin Nan District, Tianjin, China   
Telephone: 86-22-28751515   
Facsimile: 86-222-875-1516

# Contact Person:

Rodrigo Berlie New Product Development Director Telephone: (760) 602-2929 Facsimile: (760) 602-2999

# Preparation Date:

Nov. 10, 2005 Device Information:

Device Classification Name: Quantitative of Blood glucose by using Electrochemical biosensor.   
Common/Usual Name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System.   
Proprietary Name: Glucose Pilot Glucose Monitoring System.   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.1345, Glucose test system.   
21 CFR§862.1660, Quantity Control Material   
Regulatory Name: Glucose Test System   
Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX   
Regulatory Class: Class II

# Predicate Devices:

Glucose Pilot Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to Ultra One Touch Glucose monitoring system of Life Scan. Cleared by FDA (K024194).

# Device Description:

The Glucose Pilot Glucose monitoring System consists of a hand-held blood glucose meter, test strips, lancets, Lance device, storage case, and two levels of control solutions. Each lot of test strips has a lot - specific calibration information and the meter reads automatically.

The meter is turned on by inserting the strip, the user supplies the capillary blood or control solution to the strip and the meter makes an audible tone and starts the assay, which completes in five seconds. The meter's software converts the results read off the test strip into a plasma glucose concentration and displays the value on the meter's LCD screen. The sponsor has provided instructions and illustrations explaining that the blood drop will be pulled into the strip sample entry by capillary action. Results are stored in the meter's memory for tracking purposes.

# Intended Use:

The Glucose Pilot Blood Glucose Monitoring system is intended for in vitro diagnostic use. The system is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of capillary whole blood. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

# Comparison to Predicate Device(s):

Glucose Pilot Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to cleared by FDA, e.g., Ultra One Touch Glucose Monitoring System (024194).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEW DEVICE:GlucosePilot BLOOD GLUCOSEMONITORING SYSTEM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE:ONETOUCHTM ULTRAGLUCOSE MONITORINGSYSTEM</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Premarket Notification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K052208</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K024194</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Bay Bioresearch, Co. Ltd.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LifeScan, Inc (U.S.A.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biosensor (Electrode)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biosensor (Electrode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Measurement Technology(Test Strip)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose pilot Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONETOUCH™M Ultra Test Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To quantitatively measure glucosein fresh capillary whole blood.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">To quantitatively measureglucose in fresh capillary wholeblood.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood sample is placed directly tothe test strip after finger is lanced.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood sample is placed directlyto the test strip after finger is</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">lanced.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">30-55%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">30-55%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Solution(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose pilot Control Solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONETOUCHTM Ultra ControlSolution</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10°-40°C (50°-104°F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">6°-44°C(43°-111°F)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Temperature Range</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">25-90% Relative Humidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">10 - 90% Relative Humidity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Humidity Range</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3.2" (L) x 2.3" (W) x 0.8"(H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3.12" x 2.25" x 0.85"</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 ounces (72g) including 2batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 ounces(43g) with battery</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Liquid Crystal Display (LCD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Liquid Crystal Display (LCD)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mg/dL or mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">mg/dL or mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results Presentation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory Capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stores 350 of the most recent bloodtest results. Results of the testsolution are not stored in thememory.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150 blood glucose and controlsolution tests</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Automatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Automatic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Start</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two replaceable AAA size batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One replaceable 3.Ov lithiumbattery</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Approximately 1000 glucose tests.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">1000 tests</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL (1.1 to 33.3 mmol/L.Lower results are displayed asLO".Higher results are displayedas "HI".</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL (1.1 to 33.3mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose pilot Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ONETOUCH™MUltra Test Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 1 micro liter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum of 1 micro liter</td></tr></table>

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that Glucose Pilot Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to Ultra One Touch Blood Glucose Monitoring System Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available and analytical predicate devices. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the Glucose Pilot Glucose Monitoring System is safe and effective for its stated intended use.

# DEC 9 2005

Tianjin New Bay Bioresearch Co., Ltd. c/o Mr. Rodrigo Berlie   
New Product Development Director Aviara Biotech, LLC   
3108 Avenida Olmeda   
Carlsbad, CA 92009

Re: k052208 Trade/Device Name: Glucose Pilot Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX, Dated: October 27, 2005 Received: November 9, 2005

Dear Mr. Berlie,

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

AllatuA

Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT

2   
510(k) Number: K05228

Device name: Glucose Pilot Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Indications for Use:

The Glucose Pilot Blood Glucose monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from a finger stick, for the lay-user. It is also intended for the professional use, which include fresh capillary whole blood. It is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by diabetics at home and clinical setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

Prescription Use _X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use___X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

. Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k): K052208