# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, and contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 317-521-3723

Contact Person: Corina Harper

Date Prepared: August 9, 2005

# Device name

Proprietary name: ISE Compensator

Common name: Calibrator

Classification name: Calibrator, Multi-Analyte mixture

# Predicate device

The ISE Compensator is substantially equivalent to the cleared ISE Compensation Sera (K870379).

# Intended use

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Substantial equivalence

The ISE Compensator is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed ISE Compensation Sera (K870379).

The below tables compare ISE Compensator with the predicate device, ISE Compensation Sera (K870379).

Substantial equivalence: Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceISE CompensationSera (K870379)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Compensator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in thecalibration of Sodium,Potassium, andChloride on theBoehrienger Mannheimdiagnostics/HitachiSystems with IonSelective Electrodes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in thecalibration of IonSelective Electrodes onRoche/Hitachianalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Add 5.0 mL distilled ordeionized water. Allowto stand for 30 minutes.Mix carefully, avoidingthe formation of thefoam.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use. Mix wellprior to use, avoidingthe formation of thefoam.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:5 days at 2-8 C 5 days at -20 °C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:SameAfter opening:2 weeks at 2-8 C</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Substantial equivalence: Similarities (continued)   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate Device ISE Compensation Sera (K870379)</td><td>ISE Compensator</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix</td><td>Human serum matrix with added Sodium carbonate, Potassium chloride,, Sodium chloride.</td><td>Human serum matrix preparation with defined Sodium, Potassium and Chloride concentrations.</td></tr></table>

# Matrix composition

The table below lists all active ingredients for ISE Compensator. The active ingredients are spiked into a buffered human serum matri>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cYanmaGnellowb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reactive Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+K+Cr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Refer to target valuesheet of package insert.</td></tr></table>

Performance characteristics

The ISE Compensator was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

# OCT 3 - 2005

Ms. Corina Harper, RAC   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
PO Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Re: k052193 Trade/Device Name: ISE Compensator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIT Dated: September 13, 2005 Received: September 15, 2005

Dear Ms. Harper:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K052193

Device Name: ISE Compensator

Indications For Use:

ISE Compensator is for use in the calibration of Ion Selective Electrodes on Roche/Hitachi analyzers.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office bf In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510k) k052193

Roche Diagnostics Confidential