# 510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS ADVIA® Chemistry Microalbumin Controls

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 1o ums.SO052242

# Submitter's name, address and telephone number:

Andres Holle   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Bayer HealthCare LLC   
A subsidiary of Bayer Corporation   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591   
TEL: 914-524-3494   
FAX: 914-524-2500   
Email: andres.holle.b@bayer.com

# Name of the device:

Classification Names: Quality Control Material, §862.1660 Classification: Class I Product Code: 75 JJW

Common name: Assayed Quality Control Material

Proprietary name: ADVIA® Chemistry Microalbumin Controls

The device:

<table><tr><td>Product Name</td><td>Part Number</td></tr><tr><td>ADVIA® Chemistry Microalbumin Controls</td><td>02185464</td></tr></table>

Contract Manufacturing Site:

Randox Laboratories, Inc. 55 Diamond Road Crumlin, Antrim Country, UK

# Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td>Product Name</td><td>Part Numbers</td></tr><tr><td>Urine Controls</td><td>AU2352, AU2353</td></tr></table>

Contract Manufacturing Site:

Randox Laboratories, Inc. 55 Diamond Road Crumlin, Antrim Country, UK

510(k) Number: K043266

# 4.Description of the device:

The ADVIA® Chemistry Microalbumin Controls is a human urine based solution containing various constituents.

# Statement of Intended Use

ADVIA@ Chemistry Microalbumin Controls is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the control of ADVIA® Chemistry systems for the Microalbumin method.

# 6. Product Performance

The stability of the ADVIA@ Chemistry Microalbumin Control values have been validated according to established procedures at the manufacturing site. The performance of the control is similar to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use.

# 7. Substantial Equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Feature                                  Predicate Urine Controls             ADVIA® Chemistry(K043266)                     Microalbumin Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized mixture of humanurine base to whichappropriate constituents havebeen added to achievespecific concentrations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Constituent Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multiple analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microalbumin valuesonly</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstituted urinecontrols are stable for 8hours at 25°C and 5 daysat 4°C if kept capped inoriginal container and freefrom contamination or 14days at -20°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstituted, cappedand stored at 2-8°stable for 28 days24 month shelf life</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.  Two levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Andres Holle   
Manager Regulatory Affairs   
Bayer Corporation   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, New York 10591-5097

Date 8/10/2005

# OCT 3 - 2005

Mr. Andres Holle Manager, Regulatory Affairs Bayer HealthCare LLC 511 Benedict Avenue Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: k052242 Trade/Device Name: ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry Microalbumin Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJY Dated: August 12, 2005 Received: August 18, 2005

Dear Mr. Holle:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_

Device Name: ADVIA® Chemistry Microalbumin Control

Indications For Use:

The ADVIA Chemistry Microalbumin Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in the control of the ADVIA $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Chemistry systems for the Microalbumin method.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Divisihh Sign-Off QC1L

Page 1 of _1_

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety k052242