# AUG 2 2 2005

# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter's name, address, and contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 317-521-3831

Contact Person: Corina Harper

Date Prepared: July 22, 2005

# Device name

Proprietary name: Iron Standard

Common name: Calibrator

Classification name: Calibrator, Secondary, Class II

# Predicate device

The Iron Standard is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C-Peptide Calset (K033873).

Device description

The Iron Standard is a single-level product consisting of a gravimetrically prepared aqueous solution of Ferrous Ammonium Sulfate Hexahydrate.

# Intended use

Iron Standard is for use in the calibration of quantitative Unsaturated Iron Binding Capacity (UIBC) assays on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers.

The Iron Standard is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C-Peptide Calset (K033873). The below tables compare Iron Standard with the predicate device, Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C-Peptide Calset.

Substantial equivalence: Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iron Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys® C-PeptideCalset (K033873)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in thecalibration ofquantitativeUnsaturated IronBinding Capacity(UIBC) assays onRoche clinicalchemistry analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For calibrating thequantitative Elecsys®C-Peptide assay on theElecsys® immunoassaysystems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td></tr></table>

The below tables compare Iron Standard with the predicate device, Elecsys $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ C-Peptide Calset.

Substantial equivalence: Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Iron Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys® C-PeptideCalset (K033873)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Add exactly 1.0 mldistilled water andallow to stand closedfor 15 minutes toreconstitute. Mixcarefully, avoiding theformation of foam.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 15-25°Cuntil expiration dateAfter opening:15-25°C: untilexpiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:-20°C: 1 month(freeze onlyonceOn the analyzers at20-25°C: useonly once</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gravimetricallyprepared aqueoussolution of FerrousAmmonium SulfateHexahydrate.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine serum withadded synthetic humanC-Peptide.</td></tr></table>

# AUG 2 2 2005

Ms. Corina Harper, RAC   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k052002 Trade/Device Name: Iron Standard Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIT Dated: July 22, 2005 Received: July 25, 2005

Dear Ms. Harper:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K05200J

Device Name:

Iron Standard

Indications For Use:

Iron Standard is for use in the calibration of quantitative Unsaturated Iron Binding Capacity (UIBC) assays on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers.