# OC1 2 1 2005

# Section 3

# GEM Premier 3000: Extension of Glucose and Lactate Reportable Ranges 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

# Submitted by:

Instrumentation Laboratory Company   
1 13 Hartwell Avenue   
Lexington, MA 02421

# Contact Person:

Carol Marble, Regulatory Affairs Director Phone: 781-861-4467 /Fax: 781-861-4207

Summary Prepared: August 4, 2005

Name of the Device: GEM Premier 3000

# Classification Name:

CGA Glucose Oxidase, Glucose 862.1345 Glucose Test System Class ⅡI KHP Lactic Acid, Lactate 862.1450 Lactic Acid Test System Class I

# Identification of predicate device:

K022158 GEM Premier 3000

# Description of the modified device:

The GEM Premier 3000 is a portable system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting that was originally cleared for the U.S. market under K992834, with glucose and lactate parameters added under K010520 and Intelligent Quality Management (iQM) introduced under K022158.

The reportable ranges for the Glucose and Lactate parameters are being extended through additional performance testing with the release of a new software version.

# Statement of Technological Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Device:

The GEM Premier 3000 with extended reportable ranges for Glucose and Lactate is substantially equivalent in performance, intended use, safety and effectiveness to the currently marketed GEM Premier 3000.

# Performance Data Summary:

Based on detection limit testing and the linearity data presented below, the claimed reportable ranges in the Operator's Manual were extended for glucose from $\mathbf { \cdots } 2 0$ to ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { m g / d L ^ { \prime } }$ to $^ { \mathfrak { s } \mathfrak { s } }$ to 500 mg/dL" and lactate from $^ { \mathfrak { s } } 0 . 3$ to $1 5 \mathrm { m m o l } / 1 ^ { \circ }$ to $^ { \mathfrak { s } } 0 . 2 ^ { \ast }$ to $1 5 \mathrm { m m o l } / \Gamma ^ { \prime }$ ..

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N per Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32-33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

\*NOTE: Due to the instability of Lactate in whole blood, samples used to establish the $0 . 2 \ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ concentration were stabilized through repeated washing and icing in virofor tesing.

# OCT 2 1 2005

Ms. Carol Marble Regulatory Affairs Director Instrumentation Laboratory Co. 113 Hartwell Avenue Lexington, MA 02421

Re: k052121 Trade/Device Name: GEM Premier 3000 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGA, KPH Dated: October 11, 2005 Received: October 12, 2005

Dear Ms. Marble:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Interet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson, M.A.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): KoSa1a

Device Name: GEM Premier 3000

# Indications for Use:

The GEM Premier 3000 is a portable system for use by health care professionals to rapidly analyze whole blood samples at the point of health care delivery in a clinical setting. The instrument provides quantitative measurements of whole blood $\mathsf { p H }$ ${ \mathfrak { p } } \mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ ${ \mathfrak { p } } { \mathrm { O } } _ { 2 }$ $\mathrm { N a + }$ , $\mathrm { K } +$ $\mathrm { C a } { + + }$ Glucose, Lactate and Hct. These parameters along with derived parameters aid in the diagnosis of a patient's acid/base status, oxygen delivery capacity, and electrolyte and metabolite balance.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)