Accuwell 17-alpha-Hydroxyprogesterone ElA 510(k) Summary

Submitter Name: Address:

Genesis Northwest (dba) Neo-Genesis

15140 S.E. 82 Drive, Suite 270 Clackamas, OR 97015 USA

Telephone Number:

503-657-8000

Contact Person:

Jannet Baldwin, President

Date Prepared:

02/22/2007

Device Trade or Proprietary Name:

Accuwell 17-a-hydroxyprogesterone (OHP) enzyme immunoassay (EIA)

Device Common or Usual Name:

17-a-hydroxyprogesterone (OHP) neonatal screening enzyme immunoassay (EIA)

Device Classification Name:

Radioimmunoassay, 17-hydroxyprogesterone (JLX)

Legally Marketed Predicate Device:

AutoDELFIA Neonatal 17a-OH-progesterone,Model B048-112

Device Description:

Summary and Explanation of the Assay

Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia (CAH) is a family of genetic disorders caused by reduced enzyme activities, which are required in the biosynthesis pathway leading to the production of cortisol in the adrenal cortex. The most common of these disorders is the 21-hydroxylase deficiency and accounts for more than $90 \%$ of CAH cases. 1, 2, 3

The incidence of classical 21-hydroxylase deficiencies varies widely by population and ethnic group. In Japan the incidence is thought to be about 1 in 21,000, while in Europe and North America incidence ranges between 1 in 10,000 to 1 in 16,000. The Yupik Eskimos in Alaska have an extremely high incidence of around 1 in 0

Clinical symptoms of the 21-hydroxylase deficiency occur primarily due to the over production of precursors to the blocked enzymatic step. These precursors are shunted into the androgen biosynthesis patway, which produces virilization nthe female fetus, rapid postnatal growth with accelerated skeletal maturation, precocious puberty and short stature in both males and females.® About $7 5 \%$ of the patients with classical CAH also have a defect in their ability to synthesize aldosterone, which can lead to a salt wasting crisis.

In classical 21-hydroxylase deficiencies the 17 $\mathfrak { a }$ -hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) levels are markedly incease However, he 17-OP levels nnormal infants re elevated n the rst two tothree days te bThee high concentrations ormal infantsdecle apidly toadult levels within therst sevn t ten days. Low birth-weight, premature and sick babies may continue to have higher than normal 17-OHP levels for an extended time frame. For this reason it has been recommended that a multi-tiered approach be employed to setting the normal cut-o Laboratories must be notified of either dexamethasone therapy or transfusion status. Due to the population differences it is also strongly recommended that each laoatory establish therown normal range and cutof levels.Peridic review an possible adjustment necessary to reduce the false positive rate s also recommended. Non-classical forms of CAH are not eliably detec ywocei

The Working Group on Neonatal Screening of the European Society of Pediatric Endocrinology (ESPE) has recommended that after a positive screening test for CAH, it is imperative that the diagnosis be altayilityc nalyACtio nd Y aly

Principle of the Assay

The Accuwell™ $\uparrow 7 \alpha$ -Hydroxyprogesterone ElA Kit is a competitive solid phase enzyme immunoassay (EIA) for the quantitative measurement of $1 7 a$ Hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) concentrations in neonatal blood samples that have been collected onto Whatman $S \tilde { \& } \tilde  $ 903" specimen collection paper. Standard control, and unknown dried blood spot sample discs are added to specified wells in a 96-well microplate coated with antiserum specific for 17-OHP.

Two procedures are presented.

The rst procedure ncludes an elution step whereblood is eluted from the driedblood spot sample. A /8 inch disc from standards, controls, and unknown dried blood spot samples are added to specified wells in an uncoated microplate. Salne is added to all wells and the plate is allowed to ncubate until the lood has eluted rom he pape.eiately followig  transe a portn  hieluatentohentycoated microplate a horseradish peroxidase enzyme conjugated to 17-OHP (17-OHP: HRP) is added to the wells. A competition begins between the endogenous 17-OHP from the unknown samples, standards and controls and the 17-OHP: HRP for the limited number of antibody binding sites in the wells. An inverse relationship develops between the concentration of endogenous 17-OHP and the amount of 17- OHP: HRP, which will bind to the coated microplate. After a period of incubation the excess 17-OHP: HRP is removed by washing. A color developer, containing a colorless 3, 3', 5, 5tetramethylbenzidine (TMB) and peroxide $( \mathsf { H } _ { 2 } \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } ) ,$ is added to all wells. The peroxide and peroxidase react and subsequently the TMB is converted from colorless to a blue color. The color development is terminated through the addition of a stopping reagent and the absorbance is measured at $6 5 0 \mathsf { n m }$ using a microplate absorbance reader.A standard curve is constructed using the known concentration of each standard plotted against the corresponding absorbance reading of that standard. The concentrations of unknown controls and samples are determined by comparison to this standard curve.

An alternate procedure is described where a 1/8 inch disc from each blood spot is placed directly into designated wells of the coated microplate. The enzyme conjugated 17-OHP is added and the competition proceeds concurrent with the elution step. Upon completion of this incubation period, the excess 17- OHP:HRP and the discs are removed by decanting, or aspirating the discs from each well. The plate is then washed and processed using the same procedure as described above.

Kit Contents Materials Supplied

Quantity per Kit   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">WellsCatalog No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">384</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1920</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">601501</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">601502</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">601503</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coated Microplates(Rabbit Anti-17-OHP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 Strip plate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 plates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 plates (5 bagsof 4 plates each)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Conjugate Concentrate(17-OHP:HRP)*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate Diluent*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wash Buffer Concentrate (20X)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color Developer *</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stopping Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55 mls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250 mls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-Analyte Standards andControlsTSH/T4/17-OHP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 sets</td></tr></table>

\*These reagents are light sensitive. Avoid prolonged exposure to light.

NOTE: Do not use reagents or solutions that have become cloudy or discolored as these ctiosndcateatent houl strgic

Do not exchange reagents from one kit with those of another kit unless the lot number and expiration of the reagent are the same.

Reagent Description

Coated Microplates (Rabbit Anti-17-OHP)

Microplates are coated with an antiserum produced in rabbits immunized with a 17-OHP hapten.The microplates are packaged in zipper-lock foil bags containing a desiccant. Store the unused microplates and/or strips from the strip plate in the zipper-lock bags with desiccant. Each microplate is labeled with a unique bar-code label.

Storage: Dry at $2 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ Expiration: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label

Enzyme Conjugate Concentrate (17-OHP: HRP)\* A 17-OHP derivative conjugated to horseradish peroxidase, danazol with an enzyme stabilizer.   
\*This reagent is light sensitive, plate store in the original brown container.   
Enzyme Conjugate Concentrate must be diluted with Conjugate Diluent before use.   
See Reagent Preparation Instructions section on page 11.   
Storage: EPY $_ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ Protected From Light.   
Expiration: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label.

Conjugate Diluent\*

Tuovir pevativhs agent  sitishl brown container.Conjugate Diluent is used to dilute the conjugate concentrate before use.

See Reagent Preparation Instructions section on page 11.

Storage: $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ Protected from Light.   
Expiration: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label. Wash Buffer Concentrate (20X)   
A concentrated solution of phosphate buffered saline containing a surfactant. Wash Buffer Concentrate must be diluted with deionized or distied water before use. See Reagent Preparation Instructions section on page 11.   
Storage: $2 { - } 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$   
Expiration: Concentrate: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label. Diluted wash buffer is stable for 1 month when stored at $2 \cdot 2 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

Color Developer\*

Bottle contains a colorless solution of 3, 3', 5, $5 ^ { \prime }$ Tetramethylbenzidine in a diluted organic solvent with citrate buffer and hydrogen peroxide.This reagent is light sensitive, store in the original rown container. This reagent should remain colorless; if it has discolored, discard it.

Storage: $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ Protected from light.   
Expiration: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label. Stopping Reagent   
Bottle contains a dilute solution of sodium fluoride (NaF) and a red dye. Storage: $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .   
Expiration: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label.

Multi-Analyte Standards and Controls TSH, T4, 17-OHP

Multi-Analyte standards have been prepared from human whole blood, adjusted to a hematocrit of $5 5 \%$ . Each card of standards contains two circles each of six concentrations of 17-OHP at approximately zero, 10, 25, 50, 100 and $2 5 0 \ n g / m |$ serum equivalents. Control cards contain four circles each of three different concentrations of 17-0HP at approximately 15, 40, and 90 ng/ml serum equivalent. The standards and controls are spotted onto Whatman (previously known as Schleicher and Schuell $( \mathsf { S } \mathsf { \& } \mathsf { S } ^ { \oplus } ) \mathsf { \otimes } 0 3 ^ { \mathsf { \pi } } ;$ specimen collection paper. Refer to the information on the labels for the exact concentrations of the standards and acceptable ranges for the controls. Each set of standards and controls consists of two standard cards and one control card.

Storage: Dry at $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ or below.   
Expiration: Refer to the expiration date printed on the label or Certificate of Analysis received with the kit.

Standard and control units are expressed in $\mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m } !$ . The values may be converted using the following formula.

$1 \ \mathsf { n m o l } / | \ \mathsf { b l o o d } = 0 . 3 3 \ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ blood 1 nmol/l blooo $\mathbf { \varepsilon } = 0 . 7 3 \ n g / \ m$ serum (at $5 5 \%$ hematocrit)

Conversion Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration inSerum ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration inBlood nmol/l</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Zero</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>342</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>123</td></tr></table>

This is an example only. Consult standard and control label or Certificate of Analysis received with the kit for exact concentrations.

Materials Required But Not Supplied for Both the Elution and Direct Procedures

1. $1 / 8$ inch $( 3 \mathsf { m m } )$ diameter hole punch   
2. Forceps or fine tweezers to pick up the punched sample discs   
3. Pipettes to accurately dispense $1 0 0 \mu \mu \up$ volumes   
4. Multi-channel pipettes to dispense $3 0 0 \mu \vert$ volumes or an automated plate washer   
5. Microplate reader capable of reading at a wavelength of 650 nm   
6. Plate rotator capable of 100-120 RPM or plate shaker.   
7. Microplate covers; plate sealers or low evaporation solid plastic microplate lids   
(e.g. NUNC lids with condensation rings and evaporation barriers)   
8. Graduated cylinders   
9. Deionized or distilled water

Additional Materials Required for the Elution Procedure Only

10. Un-coated round bottom 96 well microplates   
11. Saline $0 . 8 5 \%$ NaCl).   
12. Multi-channel pipet with disposable tips to accurately transfer $1 5 \mu !$ of eluate.

Additional Materials Required for the Direct Procedure Only

13. Aspiration device capable of removing discs from coated plates.

Intended Use: The Accuwell™ $1 7 \alpha$ -Hydroxyprogesterone ElA Kit is designed for the quantitative measurement of EPY $1 7 \alpha$ -Hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) concentrations in neonatal blood samples that have been collected onto Whatman [previously known as Schleicher and Schuell $( \mathsf { S } \mathsf { \& } \dot { \mathsf { S } } ^ { \otimes } ) \mathsf { \otimes } 0 3 ^ { \mathsf { \pi } } ]$ specimen collection paper. The results are used to screen newborns for classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH).

Summary of Technological Characteristics 1, 2:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:K 042425; Model B048-112Wallac Oy AutoDelfia Neonatal17α-HydroxyprogesteroneTime-resolvedflouoroimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device:Neo-Genesis Accuwell17α-Hydroxyprogesterone EIA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended User</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratory Professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Laboratory Professionals</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measure 17a-Hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) levels in neonatal driedblood spots</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measure 17α-Hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) levels in neonatal driedblood spots</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screening for increased levels of17-OHP in newborns</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Screening for increased levels of17-OHP in newborns</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemical Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive reaction betweeneuropium-labeled 17-OHPand sample 17-OHP for alimited number of bindingsites on 17-OHP specificpolyclonal antibodies derivedfrom rabbit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive reaction betweenhorseradish peroxidase(HRP) labeled 17-OHP andsample 17-OHP for a limitednumber of binding sites on17-OHP specific polyclonalantibody derived from rabbit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Time-resolvedfluoroimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme-immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Europium ions dissociated fromthe labeled antiserum formhighly fluorescent chelateswith components of anenhancement solution.Fluorescence in each well isthen measured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peroxidase which remains boundto micro-wells reacts withperoxide and TMBsubsequently converting theTMB from colorless to a bluecolor which is measured</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Processing Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Equipment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Autodelfia - time resolvedfluorometer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microplate Spectrophotometer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Requirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Newborn blood collected onS&amp;S 903 filter paper orequivalent collection cards</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Newborn blood collected onS&amp;S 903 filter paper</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Rejection Criteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample spot not uniformlysaturated with blood; samplespots punched to close to theedge of the blood spot;poorly collected andimproperly dried specimens;non-eluting blood spot;contamination of blood spotfilter paper with foreignmaterial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample spot not uniformlysaturated with blood; samplespots punched to close to theedge of the blood spot;poorly collected andimproperly dried specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/8 inch spot (3.2mm) punchedfrom a standard collectioncard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1/8 inch spot (3.2mm) punchedfrom a standard collectioncard of S&amp;S 903 paper</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human blood with a hematocritof 50-55% and spotted onS&amp;S 903 filter paper.Calibrated using gravimetricmethods. Seven levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human whole blood adjusted to55% hematocrit and spottedon S&amp;S 903 filter paper.Calibrated using gravimetricmethods. Six levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 - 190 ng/ml approximateserum equivalent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 - 250 ng/ml approximateserum equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Configuration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human blood with a hematocritof 50-55% and spotted onS&amp;S 903 filter paper.Calibrated using gravimetricmethods. Two levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human whole blood adjusted to55% hematocrit and spottedon S&amp;S 903 filter paper.Calibrated using gravimetricmethods. Three levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 and 40 ng/ml approximateserum equivalent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15, 40 and 90 ng/ml approximateserum equivalent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calculation of Results-Recommendations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spline Smoothed regressionanalysis is used to calibrateeach plate with the LOG ofthe concentration on the X-axis and B/Bmax on the Y-axis (response).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Five parameter logistic plot ofabsorbance versusconcentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within Run Precision3,4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/ml)      8.8% cv                    11.3Mean (ng/ml)       29.3% Cv                     8.9Mean (ng/ml)       62.1% CV                     8.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/ml)       28.2% cv                    3.5Mean (ng/ml)       56.1% cv                    3.7Mean (ng/ml)       108.1% Cv                     2.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/ml)       8.8% cv                    4.0Mean (ng/ml)      29.3% Cv                     3.3Mean (ng/ml)      62.1% cv                    2.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/ml)       28.2% cv                    10.3Mean (ng/ml)       56.2% cv                    8.0Mean (ng/ml)       108.1% CV                    11.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Precision 3,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/ml)       8.8% cv                    12.0Mean (ng/ml)      29.3% cv                    9.5Mean (ng/ml)        62.1% Cv                     9.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/ml)       28.1% Cv                    11.0Mean (ng/ml)       56.1% cv                    8.9Mean (ng/ml)        108.1% Cv                     11.6</td></tr><tr><td>Interfering Substances</td><td>EDTA or citrate blood</td><td>Lipemia</td></tr><tr><td>Cross Reacting Substances</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Greater than 0.01 %:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Progesterone</td><td>3.60 %</td><td>0.5 %</td></tr><tr><td>21-Desoxycortisol</td><td>1.75 %</td><td>2.42 %</td></tr><tr><td>16a-Hydroxyprogesterone</td><td>0.3 %</td><td>1.2 %</td></tr><tr><td>11-Desoxycortisol 11-Deoxy-17-</td><td>0.4 %</td><td>0.6 %</td></tr><tr><td>hydroxycorticosterone</td><td>0.33 %</td><td>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td>17a-Hydroxypregnenolone</td><td>0.13 %</td><td>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td>Deoxicorticosterone 5-Pregnen-3β,17-Diol-20-one 3</td><td>0.3 %</td><td>0.06 %</td></tr><tr><td>sulfate</td><td>&lt; 0.01 %</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cortisol</td><td>&lt; 0.01 %</td><td>0.2 % 0.06 %</td></tr><tr><td>Tetrahydrocortisone</td><td>0.02 %</td><td>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td>Expected Values- Term (normal birth weight)</td><td>3-5 days old, &gt;2000g birthweight (unknown percentile):</td><td>1-3 days old, ≥ 2500g birthweight</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>normal &lt; 22 ng/ml</td><td>99th percentile): ON Direct:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>request 2nd sample 22-44</td><td>normal &lt; 27.8 ng/ml Follow-up ≥ 27.8 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ON Eluate:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>inform physician &gt; 44 ng/ml</td><td>normal &lt; 23.9 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Follow-up ≥ 23.9 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3Hr Eluate:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>normal &lt; 24.3 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Follow-up ≥ 24.3 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>≥ 4 days old, ≥ 2500g birthweight 99th percentile):</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>ON Direct:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>normal &lt; 21.1 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Follow-up ≥ 21.1 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>ON Eluate:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>normal &lt; 19.5 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Follow-up ≥ 19.5ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>3Hr Eluate:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>normal &lt; 19.4 ng/ml Follow-up ≥ 19.4 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>Expected Values- Premature (low birth weight)</td><td>3-5 days old, &lt;2000g birthweight</td><td>1-3 days old, &lt; 2500g birthweight</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>(unknown percentile):</td><td>gth perceentile)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>normal &lt; 44 ng/ml</td><td>ON Direct:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>request 2nd sample 44-73</td><td>normal &lt; 46.4 ng/ml Follow-up ≥ 46.4 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td>inform physician</td><td>ng/ml</td><td>ON Eluate:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>&gt; 73 ng/ml normal</td><td>&lt; 40.9 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3Hr Eluate:</td><td>Follow-up ≥ 40.9 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>normal &lt; 40.5 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Follow-up ≥ 40.5 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Method Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">The AutoDelfia Neonatal17-OHP kit was compared withthe DELFIA Neonatal 17-OHP kit using 1579 infantblood spot specimens.Results showed a meanvalue of 13.3 ng/ml serumfor the AutoDelfia and 12.6ng/ml serum for thepredicate DELFIA kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Accuwell 17-OHP wascompared to the Autodelfia 17-OHP kit using whole blood spotspecimens from the followinginfant populations:&gt;2500q b.w., 0-1 days old (n=133)-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoDelfia Mean (ng/ml) =22.6Accuwell Means (ng/ml):ON Direct = 16.5ON Eluate = 16.73Hr Eluate = 17.3&gt;2500g b.w., 2-3 days old(n=133)-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoDelfia Mean (ng/ml) =16.2Accuwell Means (ng/ml):ON Direct = 11.3ON Eluate = 12.23Hr Eluate = 12.8&gt;2500g b.w., &gt;4 days old (n=197)=</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoDelfia Mean (ng/ml) =9.5Accuwell Means (ng/ml):ON Direct = 7.3ON Eluate = 7.83Hr Eluate = 8.31400-2500g b.w., 1-6 days (n=30)-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AutoDelfia Mean (ng/ml) =25.5Accuwell Means (ng/ml):ON Direct = 19.3ON Eluate = 19.23Hr Eluate = 19.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>CDC Control Results</td><td></td><td>Mean (ng/ml)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>CDC Lot 451 - Enriched with 25 ng/ml serum</td><td>Mean (ng/ml) 30.0 % CV</td><td>11.3 % cv</td><td>28.1 11.0</td></tr><tr><td>CDC Lot 452 - Enriched with 50 ng/ml serum</td><td>Mean (ng/ml) % Cv</td><td>59.3 Mean (ng/ml) 10.6 % CV</td><td>56.1 8.9</td></tr><tr><td>CDC Lot 453 - Enriched with 100 ng/ml serum</td><td>Mean (ng/ml) 120.2 % cv</td><td>Mean (ng/ml) 10.1 % cv</td><td>108.1 11.6 + 2.1</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept = Slope =</td><td colspan="2">-0.45 1.2049</td></tr></table>

Data displayed for the predicate device derived from the directions for use unless otherwise noted.

declared, therefore they may or may not use the same calculation method.

Acwell 17-OHP precision studis were conducted in accordance wih NCCLS EP5-A2, "Evaluation  Precision Peformancef Quantitative Measurement Methods"ApprovedGuideline-Second EditnAllprecision testg was eoG  eoGcuacSuc different; operators, days and reagent lot numbers.

Resuits from an in house study of randomly selected samples from newborns with birth weight $\mathtt { > } 2 2 0 0$ grams. These resuits pp olbli

Results from an in house study of randomly selected samples from newborns with birth weight $\leq 2 2 0 0$ grams. These results pobl

icaesu-H eeriv ubitewo cee ualssang Anal Summary Report, Vol. 3, Jan 200% CV was calculated using the reported mean and the average wi laboratory standard deviation. Intercept and slope are as reported.

Clinical and Non-Clinical Data:

Precision

Precision studies were conducted in accordance with NCCLS EP5-A2, "Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods"; Approved Guideline-Second Edition.

Testing included one run per day, with two sample aliquots per run, performed on 20 different days using each of three different assay procedures. The three procedures were designated as: 1) $\mathfrak { w } _ { \sf O N }$ Eluate", 2) $^ { \mathfrak { s } \mathsf { H r } }$ Eluate" and 3) "ON Direct DBS", respectively. The resulting data were used to estimate repeatability, between-day and within-device precision as described by the standard, for each procedure.

All precision testing was performed by Neo-Genesis at Neo-Genesis' Portland, OR manufacturing facility.Sources of variability included the use of different:operators, days and reagent lot numbers.

Summary Results and Estimates of Precision for Accuwell 17-OHP EIA Kit   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">Sample ID:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>CDC 451* (25+ ng/ml)</td><td>CDC 452 (50+ ng/ml)</td><td>CDC 453 (100+ ng/ml)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">ON Eluate</td><td>Count</td><td>40</td><td>40</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Mean</td><td>28.2</td><td>56.1</td><td>108.1</td></tr><tr><td>SD %CV</td><td>3.0 10.7</td><td>4.9 8.8</td><td>12.3 11.4</td></tr><tr><td>Within-Run Standard Deviation: Between-Day Standard Deviation:</td><td>Sr Sdd</td><td>1.0 2.9</td><td>2.1 4.5</td><td>2.9 12.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Within Device Standard Deviation: 3 HR Eluate</td><td>ST Count</td><td>3.1 40</td><td>5.0 40</td><td>12.5 40</td></tr><tr><td>Mean SD</td><td>26.2 3.4</td><td>53.0 4.1</td><td>104.6 11.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Within-Run Standard Deviation: Between-Day Standard Deviation:</td><td>%CV</td><td>12.9</td><td>7.7</td><td>11.3</td></tr><tr><td>Sr Sdd</td><td>1.9 2.9</td><td>2.2 3.4</td><td>5.4</td></tr><tr><td>Within Device Standard Deviation:</td><td>ST Count</td><td>3.4 40</td><td>4.1 40</td><td>10.7 12.0 40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">ON Direct DBS Within-Run Standard Deviation:</td><td>Mean SD</td><td>29.5 4.2</td><td>57.9 5.8</td><td>108.6 13.2</td></tr><tr><td>%CV Sr</td><td>14.1</td><td>10.0</td><td>12.2</td></tr><tr><td>Between-Day Standard Deviation: Within Device Standard Deviation:</td><td>Sdd ST</td><td>1.5 3.9 4.2</td><td>4.4 3.9</td><td>11.7 6.2</td></tr></table>

Enriched as reported by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Newborn Screening Quality Assurance Program Annual Report 2005

Analytical Sensitivity

The analytical sensitivity was determined for each procedure including Overnight Eluate, 3 hour Eluate, and the Overnight Direct. Sensitivity was defined by the calculated concentration that corresponds to the mean of the absorbance of the zero standard $( N = 2 6 )$ minus two times the standard deviation of those same absorbance measurements.

The zero standard was tested multiple time $( N = 2 6 )$ in one assay. Testing was performed in each of the two procedures, eluate and direct, and spanning the range of allowable elution times, three hours and overnight for the eluate procedure.

Extrapolation beyond the upper and lower limits of the standard curve or beyond the limits of detection is not an acceptable laboratory practice.Therefore any sample result falling below these calculated concentrations should be reported as less than the limit of detection.

This data is provided for example only and should be confirmed by each laboratory and appropriate concentrations defined.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight Eluate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Hour Eluate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overnight Direct</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.506</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.648</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.604</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance -2 SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.426</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.608</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.484</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculated Concentration (ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr></table>

Linearity and Recovery

The Accuwell 17-OHP Kit linear range and the measuring (reportable) range is approximately 2.0 ng/ml to $2 5 0 ~ \mathsf { n g / m } !$ based on study data described below, the sensitivity study described elsewhere and limited by the value assigned to the highest standard of the calibration curve.

Assay results obtained outside the measuring (reportable) range should be reported as either "less than" or "greater than" the established low or high limit, respectively, as applicable to the individual result.

Dried blood spots representing a range of sample concentrations were prepared for the study. The sample analyte levels in ng/ml were: 10, 24.5, 39, 68, 97, 126, 155, 184, 213, 242, 271 and 300 (n = 12 concentrations).

Four aliquots of each sample of the range of samples prepared, were tested in each of two runs using each of three different assay procedures.The three procedures were designated as:1) "ON Eluate", 2) $^ { \mathfrak { n } } \mathsf { H r }$ Eluate" and 3) $\ " \subset \mathbb { N }$ Direct $\mathsf { D B S } ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ , respectively. The mean of the total number of values obtained for each sample $( n = 8 )$ within each procedure, was compared to the samples expected value. Results of the comparisons are described below.

Results of Assay Linearity and $\%$ Recovery Study for Accuwell 17-OHP EIA Kit   

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">ON Eluate</td><td colspan="2">3 Hr Eluate</td><td colspan="2">ON Direct DBS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Linear Regression Analysis</td><td colspan="2">y = 1.0036x - 0.3475 $R^{2}= 0.9994</td><td colspan="2">y = 1.1236x - 9.3625 $R^{2}= 0.992</td><td colspan="2">y = 1.1362x - 9.5154 $R^{}0.99</td></tr><tr><td>Sample #</td><td>Expected (ng/ml)</td><td>Actual (ng/ml) 298.1</td><td>Recovery (%) 99.4</td><td>Actual (ng/ml) 354.4</td><td>Recovery (%) 118.1</td><td>Actual (ng/ml) 319.9</td><td>Recovery (%) 106.6</td></tr><tr><td>1 2 3 4 5 6 7</td><td>300 271 242 213 184 155 126</td><td>274.4 241.9 212.3 182.9 157.2 131.7</td><td>101.3 100.0 99.7 99.4 101.4 104.5</td><td>284.4 257.9 221.7 194.1 159.8 127.7</td><td>104.9 106.6 104.1 105.5 103.1 101.3</td><td>324.1 261.6 244.0 185.9 157.5 128.5</td><td>119.6 108.1 114.6 101.0 101.6 102.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">8 97 9 68 10 39</td><td>95.2 66.2 38.2</td><td>98.1 97.4 97.9</td><td>94.2 66.4 37.0</td><td>97.1 97.6 94.9</td><td>92.6 69.9 33.3</td><td>95.5 102.8 85.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">11 24.5 12 10</td><td>23.0 10.4</td><td>93.9 104.0</td><td>23.0 10.3</td><td>93.9 103.0</td><td>22.8 10.7</td><td>93.1 107.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Average Recovery-Overall</td><td></td><td>99.7</td><td></td><td>102.5</td><td></td><td>103.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Minimum Maximum</td><td></td><td>93.9 104.5</td><td></td><td>93.9 118.1</td><td></td><td>85.4 119.6</td></tr></table>

Specificity

Cross Reactivity The cross reactivity percentage is determined by dividing the concentration of analyte (17-OHP) at $50 \%$ displacement by the concentration of the interferant at $50 \%$ displacement from the absorbance corresponding to the zero standard.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trivial Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossReactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trivial Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21-Desoxycortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16α-Hydroxyprogestrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Desoxycortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5-Pregnen-3β,17-Diol-20-one 3sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone 21-Sulphate Sodium Salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dehydroisoandrosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dehydroepiandrosterone SodiumSulphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Dehydrotestosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexamethasone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5β-Dihydrocortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estriol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5β-Dihydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6β-Hydroxycortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Dehydrocorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16α-Hydroxypregnenolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnenolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17α-Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregnenolone Sulphate, Sodium Salt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17α-Hydroxypregnanolone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spironolactone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17β-Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20α-Hydroxyprogesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrocortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aldosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrocorisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.01 %</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

Ineerencesde tohemglobin, conjgated anncnjugated bilirubin, and lipis were s using methods described in NCCLS (document EP7-A.) as guidance.27

Hemoglobin and bilirubin (conjugated and unconjugated) caused no detectable interference.   
Significant interference was seen from the lipid solutions added to the Accuwell 17-OHP test.

# Method Comparison

A retrospective study was conducted to compare the results obtained with the Accuwell 17-OHP EIA to those obtained by a currently marketed neonatal 17-OHP screening device. Test samples were submitted to the study as blinded neonatal dried blood spots collected in sequence under routine screening conditions from a U.S. department of public health laboratory. Original screening results for each sample using the predicate test kit were also obtained from the submitting laboratory for method comparison.

A summary of results of the method comparisons are provided in Tables 9 - 20, below. (Samples interpreted below as "Follow-Up" were not confirmed.)

Table : Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Direct Values at the $9 9 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ $9 7 . 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ and $9 5 ^ { \mathrm { f h } }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies $\ge 2 5 0 0$ gm and 0-1 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>99th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 25.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;21.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N = 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N =3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N = 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Direct) results for this population were: mean $= 1 6 . 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ , with a range of 3.7 to $8 5 . 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m } \mathrm { { l } } }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 2 2 . 6 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ , with a range of 10.1 to $8 6 . 0 \ n g / m |$ .

The correlation was found to be:y (Predicate $= 0 . 9 7 0$ (Accuwell ON Direct) $+ 6 . 5 6 9$ , $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 5 7 0$ EY

Table 10: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Eluate Values at the ${ 9 9 } ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ ${ \mathfrak { g } } 7 . 5 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ and $\overline { { 9 5 } } ^ { \mathfrak { N } }$ ,Percentiles for a Population of Babies ≥2500 gm and 0-1 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>99th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AccuwellNormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AccuwellNormal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>in</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 23.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 23.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;22.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥22.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 20.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 20.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N =3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N =3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N=3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 1 6 . 7 ~ \mathrm { n g / m } |$ , with a range of 5.3 to $6 5 . 6 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 2 2 . 6 ~ \mathsf { n g / m l }$ , with a range of 10.1 to $8 6 . 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } } .$ :

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $= 1 . 0 4 9$ (Accuwell ON Direct) $+ ~ 5 . 0 6 6$ , $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 2 5 7$

Table 11: Predicate vs Accuwell 3 Hour Eluate Values at the ${ 9 9 } ^ { \mathfrak { m } }$ $9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ and $\overline { { 9 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } } } }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies $\geq 2 5 0 0$ gm and 0-1 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>99th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>→</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 23.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 23.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 19.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 19.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1033</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.8N=130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N = 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N = 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.8N = 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (3Hr Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 1 7 . 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ , with a range of 5.1 to $7 1 . 1 \ n g / m !$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 2 2 . 6 ~ \mathrm { n g / m ! }$ , with a range of 10.1 to $8 6 . 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } } .$ :   
The correlation was found to be:y (Predicate $= 0 . 9 9 8$ (Accuwell ON Direct) $+ 5 . 4 1 0$ $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 2 9 1$

Table 12: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Direct Values at the $9 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ Percentile for a Population of Babies $\ge 2 5 0 0$ gm and 2-3 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 18.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 29.2N=118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 29.2N =15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Direct) results for this population were: mean $= 1 1 . 3 n g / m l$ , with a range of 3.4 to $8 1 . 1 \mathrm { \ n g / m l }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean ${ \tt = } 1 6 . 2 \ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ , with a range of 6.9 to $8 1 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ .

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $= 1 . 0 4 5$ (Accuwell ON Direct) $^ +$ 4.392, $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 7 8 5$

Table 13: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Eluate Values at the $9 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ Percentile for a Population of Babies $\geq 2 5 0 0$ gm and 2-3 Days of Age at Sample Collectior

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 18.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 29.2N=118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 29.2N = 15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 1 2 . 2 ~ \mathrm { n g / m ! }$ , with a range of 3.4 to $6 7 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean ${ \tt = } 1 6 . 2 ~ \mathrm { \sf n g / m ! }$ , with a range of 6.9 to $8 1 . 0 \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l } .$ .

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $= 1 . 1 5 6$ (Accuwell ON Eluate) $\yen 2030$ , $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 7 2 9$

Table 14: Predicate vs Accuwell 3 Hour Eluate Values at the $9 5 ^ { ( \sqrt { 7 } }$ Percentile for a Population of Babies $\yen 2500$ gm and 2-3 Days of Age at Sample Collection

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 29.2N=118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 29.2N = 15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (3Hr Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 1 2 . 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / m ! }$ ,with a range of 4.5 to $6 9 . 6 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 1 6 . 2 n g / m l$ , with a range of 6.9 to $8 1 . 0 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ .

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $\asymp$ 1.150 (Accuwell ON Direct) $^ +$ 1.495, R = 0.9691

Table 15: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Direct Values at the $9 7 . 5 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ and $\overline { { 9 5 } } ^ { \mathrm { f h } }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies $\ge 2 5 0 0$ gm and ≥ 4 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Followup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 14.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 11.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.9N=192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18180H</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.9N=192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.9N = 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>low-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.9N =5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Direct) results for this population were: mean $= 7 . 3 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ , with a range of 2.2 to $2 2 . 6 \ n g / m |$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 9 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ , with a range of 2.7 to $3 1 . 0 \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l } .$ :

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $= 1 . 0 9 0$ (Accuwell ON Direct) $^ +$ 1.565, $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 5 3 8$

Table 16: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Eluate Values at the $9 7 . 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ and $9 5 ^ { \pi }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies $\geq 2 5 0 0$ gm and $\ge$ 4 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 15.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 13.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.9N=192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181Ri</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.9N=192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.9N =5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.9N = 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>178</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 7 . 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m } \mathrm { { i } } }$ with a range of 1.4 to $2 6 . 5 \ : \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m } |$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 9 . 5 \ n g / m l$ , with a range of 2.7 to $3 1 . 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ :

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $= 1 . 0 7 0$ (Accuwell ON Eluate) $^ +$ 1.172, $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 1 4 2$ EY

Table 17: Predicate vs Accuwell 3 Hour Eluate Values at the $9 7 . 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ and $9 5 ^ { ( n ) }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies $\mathtt { \ge } 2 5 0 0$ gm and $\geq 4$ Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>95th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 15.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 14.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 14.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.9N=192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 21.9N=192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.9N = 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥21.9N =5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (3Hr Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 8 . 3 \ n g / m l$ with a range of 2.2 to $2 8 . 4 \ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 9 . 5 \ n g / m l$ , with a range of 2.7 to $3 1 . 0 \ n g / \ m ! .$ 2.

The correlatin was found to be: y (Pret $\lneq$ 1.024 (Accuwell 3Hr Eluate) $+ \ 1 . 0 8 1$ - $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 3 5 0$

Table 18: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Direct Values at the ${ \mathfrak { g } } { \mathfrak { g } } ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ and $9 7 . 5 ^ { \pi }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies 1400 - 2500 gm and 1-6 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>99th (100th) Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoDelFIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 46.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 46.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoDelFIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 43.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 45.1N=28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;40.3 N=26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 45.1N = 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-p</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 40.3N = 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Direct) results for this population were: mean $= 1 9 . 3 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ , with a range of 6.5 to $4 7 . 8 \ \mathrm { n g / m l }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 2 5 . 5 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ , with a range of 9.0 to $6 5 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m l } .$ :

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $= 1 . 2 2$ (Accuwell ON Direct) $^ +$ 1.971, $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 5 5 6$ EY

Table 19: Predicate vs Accuwell O/N Eluate Values at the ${ \mathfrak { g } } { \mathfrak { g } } ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ and $9 \sqrt { . 5 ^ { \mu } }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies 1400 - 2500 gm and 1-6 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>99th (100th) Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoDeIFIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 31.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoDeIFIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 28.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 28.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 45.1N=28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 40.3N=26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 45.1N = 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 40.3N = 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (ON Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 1 9 . 2 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m } } |$ , with a range of 6.7 to $4 0 . 2 \ : \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m l }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 2 5 . 5 ~ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { m } |$ , with a range of 9.0 to $6 5 . 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ :

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $\underline { { \underline { { \mathbf { \Pi } } } } }$ 1.234 (Accuwell ON Direct) $^ +$ 1.812, R = 0.8770

Table 20: Predicate vs Accuwell 3Hr Eluate Values at the ${ 9 9 } ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ and $9 \sqrt { . 5 ^ { \frac { 1 } { 7 } } }$ Percentiles for a Population of Babies 1400 - 2500 gm and 1-6 Days of Age at Sample Collection   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>99th (100th) Percentile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>97.5th Percentile</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuwell</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoDelFIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hea  </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 33.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AutoDeIFIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 27.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Totals:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 45.1N=28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 40.3N=26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 45.1N = 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follow-Up</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 40.3N = 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Totals:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr></table>

The Accuwell 17-OHP EIA (3Hr Eluate) results for this population were: mean $= 1 9 . 3 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ , with a range of 6.6 to $3 9 . 2 \mathrm { n g / m l }$ ; while the predicate kit yielded: mean $= 2 5 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m l } }$ , with a range of 9.0 to $6 5 . 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m l } .$ .

The correlation was found to be: y (Predicate) $=$ 1.174 (Accuwell 3Hr Eluate) $\pm 2 . 7 9 5$ . $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 8 4 2 1$ EY

Neo-Genesis   
c/o Jannet Baldwin   
President,   
Genesis Northwest, Inc. 15140 SE $8 2 ^ { \mathrm { n d } }$ Drive   
Clackamas, OR 97015

# MAR 1 3 2007

Re: k060452 Trade Name: Accuwell 17-a-Hydroxyprogesterone Neonatal Screening Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1395 Regulation Name: 17-Hydroxyprogesterone test system. Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JLX Dated: January 31, 2007 Received: February 2, 2007

Dear Ms. Baldwin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

# Device Name:

Accuwell 17 a-Hydroxyprogesterone Neonatal Screening Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications For Use:

The Accuwell™ $1 7 \alpha$ -Hydroxyprogesterone ElA Kit is designed for the quantitative measurement of $1 7 \alpha$ -Hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) concentrations in neonatal blood samples that have been collected onto Whatman $9 0 3 ^ { \textregistered }$ specimen collection paper. The results are used to screen newborns for classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH).

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)