# SHBG

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of CFR.

Te Assiged 1ok) umK0660818

Preparation date: February $2 1 ^ { \mathfrak { s t } }$ ,2006

Applicant Name:   
Mr. Joan Guixer   
Director of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs Biokit S.A.   
Llica d'Amunt   
Barcelona, Spain 08186   
Device Name:   
Reagent   
Classification Name: Radioimmunoassay, testosterones and dihydrotestosterone   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT® SHBG   
Device Classification: 21 CFR 862.1680   
Device Class: Class I   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: CDZ   
Calibrators   
Classification Name: Calibrator, Secondary   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT® SHBG Calibrators   
Device Classification: 862.1150   
Device Class: Class II   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JIT   
Controls   
Classification Name: Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (assayed and unassayed)   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT® SHBG Controls   
Device Classification: 862.1660   
Device Class: Class I   
Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry   
Product Code: JJX

Identification of Predicate Device: Elecsys® SHBG Immunoassay System (Roche, k#031717)

# Intended Use of Device:

The ARCHITECT® SHBG assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative determination of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in human serum and plasma on the ARCHITECT / System.

The ARCHITECT® SHBG Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT $j$ System when used for the quantitative determination of SHBG in human serum and plasma.

The ARCHITECT® SHBG Controls are for the verification of the accuracy and precision of the ARCHITECT $j$ System when used for the quantitative determination of SHBG in human serum and plasma.

# Description of Device:

The ARCHITECT SHBG assay is a two-step immunoassay to determine the presence of SHBG in human serum and plasma using CMIA technology with flexible assay protocols, referred to as Chemiflex®. In the first step, sample, assay diluent, and anti-SHBG coated paramagnetic microparticles are combined. SHBG present in the sample binds to antiSHBG coated microparticles. After washing, the SHBG binds to the anti-SHBG acridinium-labeled conjugate that is added in the second step. Following another wash cycle, pretrigger and trigger solutions are added to the reaction mixture. The resulting chemiluminescent reaction is measured as relative light units (RLUs). A direct relationship exists between the amount of SHBG in the sample and the RLUs detected by the ARCHITECT i System optics. The concentration of SHBG in the sample is determined by comparing the chemiluminescent signal in the reaction to the ARCHITECT SHBG calibration.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

The ARCHITECT® SHBG assay is a chemiluminiscent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) method for the quantitative determination of the SHBG in human serum or plasma.

# Summary of Non-Clinical Performance:

The ARCHITECT® SHBG assay is substantially equivalent to the Elecsys® SHBG assay in terms of precision, linearity and interferences as demonstrated in non-clinical performance data in this 510(k) submission.

# Summary of Clinical Performance:

The ARCHITECT® SHBG assay demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the Elecsys® SHBG indicated by a method comparison with a correlation coefficient of 0.98.

# Reagents:

Similarities:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent MicroparticleImmunoassay (CMIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescence a solidphase enzyme immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT® SHBG assayis     a     chemiluminescentmicroparticle     immunoassay(CMIÅ)−for the quantitativedetermination of sex hormonebindingglobulin (SHBG) inhuman serum and plasma onthe ARCHITECT / System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of sexhormone-binding globulin inhuman serum and plasma. TheECLIA is intended for use on theRoche Elecsys® 1010/2010 andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170(Elecsys module) immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Where Used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Laboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-step direct sandwichimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich principle</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human  serum  or  plasma(Lithium   Heparin,   SodiumHeparin,AmmoniumHeparin,Potassium EDTA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum and LithiumHeparin Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interpretation of Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non significant interferenceswith:Hemoglobin, bilirubin,triglycerides, protein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non significant interferenceswith:Bilirubin, hemolysis, lipemia,biotin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 - 250 nmol /L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.350 - 200 nmol / L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35 nmol/ L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non     detectable     cross-reactivities were found for:AFP, cortisol, 11-Deoxycortisol,Estradiol,   testosterone,   5-dihydrotestosterone, TG,TBGand transferrin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Non     detectable     cross-reactivities were found for:AFP, CBG, DHT, estradiol,fibrinogen, human IgA, humanIgG,    plasminogen,   TBG,testosterone, TG, transferrinand TSH.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ARCHITECT SHBG was compared to the predicate device.626 specimens ranging 6.5 nmol/L to 1072.0 nmol/L wereevaluated and the correlation coefficient obtained was 0.98.</td></tr></table>

Differences:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT / System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ROCHE Elecsys® 1010/1020Analyzer and MODULARANALYTICS E170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles1or 4 Bottle(s) (6.6 mL each)Anti-SHBG(mouse monoclonal)coated microparticles in TRISbuffer.Preservative: sodium azide.Conjugate1or 4 Bottle(s) (5.9 mL each)Anti-SHBG(mouse,monoclonal)acridinium-labeled conjugate inphosphate buffer with protein(mouse,  bovine)  stabilizer.Preservative: sodium azide.Assay Diluent1or 4 Bottle(s) (8.0 mL each)SHBG Assay Diluent containingphosphate buffer with protein(mouse,bovine) stabilizer.Preservative: sodium azide.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microparticles1 bottle of 6.5mL.Streptavidin-coatedmicroparticles, 0.72 mg/mL;binding  capacity:  470  ngbiotin/mg microparticles.Preservative.R1 - Anti-SHBG-Ab-biotin -1 bottle (10.0 mL)Biotinylated monoclonalanti-SHBG antibody (mouse)1.25mg/L; phosphate buffer100mmol/L, pH 7.2.Preservative.R2 - Anti-SHBG-Ab~Ru1 bottle, 10 mLMonoclonal anti-SHBGantibody (mouse) labeled withruthenium complex 1.25 mg/L;phosphate buffer 100mmol/L,pH 7.2. Preservative</td></tr></table>

# Calibrators:

Similarities:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The  ARCHITECT0   SHBGCalibrators   are   for  thecalibration of the ARCHITECT /System when usedfor thequantitativedetermination ofSHBG in humanserumandplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys® SHBG CalSet is usedfor calibrating the quantitativeElecsys SHBG assay on theElecsys immunoassay systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization/Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to the WHOStandard Material NIBSCCODE: 95/560.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Against the first InternationalStandard for SHBG from theNational Institute for BiologicalStandards and Control (NIBSC)code 95/560.</td></tr></table>

Differences:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 Bottles (2.0mLeachofARCHITECT            SHBGCalibrators.     Calibratorcontains phosphatebufferedsaline  with protein (goat)stabilizer. CalibratorsB to Fcontain SHBGiin phosphatebuffered saline withprotein(goat) stabilizer. Preservatives:sodium azide and ProClin® 300.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG Cal1 and Cal2 (1.0 mLeach)The concentration ofSHBGCall is approximately0.0  nmol/L;  SHBG  Cal2contains  approximately  40nmol/Lhuman SHBG inahuman serum matrix.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL A - 0.0 nmol/LCAL B - 2.0 nmol/LCAL C - 6.0 nmol/LCAL D - 25.0 nmol/LCAL E - 125.0 nmol/LCAL F - 250.0 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 and 40 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Human SHBG in aphosphate buffered saline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized equine serum (cal1)and human serum (cal2). Bothcontaining SHBG.</td></tr></table>

# Controls:

Similarities:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The  ARCHITECT  SHBGControls are for the verificationof the accuracy and precision ofthe ARCHITECTjSystemwhen used for the quantitativedetermination of SHBG inhuman serum and plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys® PreciControl Universalis used for quality control ofElecsys immunoassay on theElecsys immunoassay systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemiluminescentMicroparticle Immunoassay(CMIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescence a solidphase enzyme immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Purified Human SHBG in buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG human serum in buffer</td></tr></table>

Differences:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Components</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Bottles (4.0 mLeachofARCHITECT SHBGControlscontain    SHBG    (human,purified) in phosphate bufferedsaline with protein (goat)stabilizer.       Preservatives:sodiumazideandProClin300.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHBG   Controls   (LSHC1,LSHC2)Two vials of lyophilized SHBGin a nonhuman protein/buffermatrix.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Concentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low - 9.0 nmol/LMedium - 25.0 nmol/LHigh - 150.0 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target      values      andconcentration   range   areindicated in a value sheet.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

As summarized above the ARCHITECT® SHBG Reagents, Calibrators (A-F) and Controls (Low, Medium and High) are substantially equivalent to the ROCHE Elecsys® SHBG Reagents, Calibrators and Controls. Substantial equivalence for the reagents and calibrators has been demonstrated as recommended by the FDA guidance for Industry "Format for Traditional and Abbreviated $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } ) \mathsf { s } ^ { \prime \prime }$ (Issued on: August 12, 2005) and for controls as recommended by the FDA Guidance for Industry "Points to Consider Document on Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material" (Draft Guidance released for comment on February 3, 1999).

Mr. Joan Guixer   
Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs Director Biokit S.A.   
Can Malè s/n   
Llissa d'Amunt, Barcelona, 08186   
Spain

Re: k060818 Trade/Device Name: ARCHITECT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SHBG Reagents, Calibrators (A-F) and ARCHITECT $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SHBG Controls (Low, Medium, High) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone test system Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: CDZ, JIT, JJX Dated: December 20, 2006 Received: December 26, 2006

Dear Mr. Guixer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): K060818

Device Name: ARCHITECT® SHBG REAGENTS, CALIBRATORS (A-F) and ARCHITECT® SHBG CONTROLS (LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH)

# Indications for Use:

# Reagents

The ARCHITECT® SHBG assay is a chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitative determination of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in human serum and plasma on the ARCHITECT / System.

The ARCHITECT SHBG assay is intended for use as an aid in the diagnosis of androgen disorders.

# Calibrators

The ARCHITECT® SHBG Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of SHBG in human serum and plasma.

# Controls

ARCHiTECT® SHBG Controls are for the verification of the accuracy and precision of the ARCHITECT / System when used for the quantitative determination of SHBG in human serum and plasma.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)