# 510(k) SUMMARY

This Summary of 510(K) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21CFR §807.81(a)(3).

The assigned 510(K) number is : _K061992

A. Submitter's information

Company: EPS Bio Technology Corp.   
Address: 2F, No. 49-2, Lane 2, Guang Fu Rd., Sec.2 Hsinchu City, Taiwan, R.O.C.   
Contact Name: Mr. Y.C. Lei, General Manager   
Phone: 886-3-5752522   
Fax: 886-3-5752552   
Date Prepared: June 30, 2006

# B. Purpose for Submission:

The Indication for use and fundamental scientific technology of the modified device has not changed. The changes are modified mechanical appearance of device, test range, test time and the labeling.

C. Measurand: Glucose

D. Type of Test: Quantitative; electrochemical biosensor

E. Proprietar y and Established Names: EasyPlus Self Monitoring Glucose Test System

F. Common or Usual Name: Glucose Test System

# G. Regulatory Information:

1Requlation section: 21 CFR 862.1345, Glucose Test System 21 CFR 862.1660, Quality control material (assayed and unassayed).

Classification: Class II Class I, reserved

.Product code: NBW, System Test, Blood Glucose, Over the Counter

# CGA, Glucose Oxidase, Glucose JJX, Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)

4. Panel: Chemistry 75

# H. Intended Use:

1Intended use(s): see Indications for Use below

2.Indication(s) for use:

The EasyPlus Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System is used by individuals with diabetes. It is for the quantitative measurement of glucose levels in fresh capillary whole blood from fingerstick, as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes management in the home and in clinical settings.

3.Special conditions for use statement(s): N/A

4.Special instrument requirements: N/A

I. Device Description:

The EasyPlus Self Monitoring Blood Glucose System is comprised of the EasyPlus Blood Glucose Meter, EasyPlus Glucose Test Strips, Auto Lancet, Check strip, code card and control solutions.

J. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): Easy Pain Supreme Self Monitoring Blood Glucose System

Device Company EPS Bio Technology Corporation

3. Predicate 510(k) number(s): k043245

4. Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase(Aspergillus niger)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase(Aspergillus niger)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mediator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium ferricyanide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium ferricyanide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M0000    Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">        Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbon electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbon electrode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30-55%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30-55%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 2.0 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≥ 2.0 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-40°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-40°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Humidity range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R.H. &lt; 90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R.H. ≤ 90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Code card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Code card</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory capability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 tests with date andtime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 tests with date andtime</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5V (AAA) batteries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5V(AAA) batteries</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 1000 tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 1000 tests</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-550 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size L x W x H (inch)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2&quot;x 2&quot;x 0.7&quot;</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9&quot;x 2.1&quot;x 0.7&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6 oz (without batteries)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8 oz (without batteries)</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

1. CLSI EP5-A, Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices   
2. CS  iall Me; Proposed Guideline   
3. CLSI EP7-P, Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Proposed Guideline   
4. ISO 15197:2003, In Vitro Diagnostic Test Systems - Requirements for Blood Glucose Monitoring Test Systems for Self Managing Diabetes Mellitus   
5. IEC 60601-1-2, Medical Electrical Equipment - Part 1: General Requirement for Safety; Electromagnetic Compatibility - requirements and Tests   
6. IEC 61010-1, Safety Requirements for Electrical Equipment for Measurement, Control, and Laboratory Use - Part 1: General Requirements   
7. IEC 60601-2-101, Safety Requirements For Electrical Equipment for Measurement Control, and Laboratory Use - Part 2-101: Particular Requirements for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Medical Equipment   
8. IEC 60068-2-64, Environmental Testing- Part 2: Test Methods- Test Fh: Vibration, Broad-band Random (Digital Control) and Guidance   
9. IEC 61326 (2002-02) - (for reference), Electrical Equipment for Measurement Control, and Laboratory Use - EMC Requirements   
10. ISO 14971:2000, Medical Devices  Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices   
11. ISO 15223:2000, Medical Devices - Symbols to be Used With Medical Device Labels, Labeling, and Information to be Supplied   
12. E 376:2002, Information Supplied by the Manufacturer With In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents for Self Testing   
13.ISO 10993-1, Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices - Part 1:Evaluation and Testing

# EN 13640:2002 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents

# L. Test Principle:

The EasyPlus Self Monitoring Blood Glucose System employs a disposable dry reagent strip technology, based on the glucose oxidase method for glucose determination. Each test strip features an electrode containing the enzyme glucose oxidase (Aspergillus niger). A blood sample is applied to the blood collection area at the tip of the strip and is automatically drawn into the reaction zone, where the glucose oxidase catalyzes the oxidation of glucose to produce gluconic acid.During the reaction, a mediator transfers electrons to the electrode surface and generates a current. The amount of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the blood sample. The glucose concentration is displayed on the meter screen after 5 seconds.

# M. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

1. Analytical performance:

aPrecision/Reproducibility:

Within-run  Testing was conducted by taking 4 ml. of blood that was treated with heparin through a vacuum tube. Glucose was added to the $4 m L$ of blood to generate 6 different levels of glucose concentration for the test. Each of the samples was measured 10 times. The glucose concentration ranges were: 30-50 mg/dL, 51-110 mg/dL, 111-150 mg/dL, 151-250 mg/dL, 251-400 mg/dL, and EP $4 0 1 { \sim } 5 5 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Range(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>EasyPlus</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30~50 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51~110 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111~150mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151~250mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251~400mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>313.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>401~550mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr></table>

Day to day - Three control solutions of Low, Normal and High were prepared. Each of the controls was measured twice a day, once in the morning and once in the afternoon for a month.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td></tr></table>

b.Linearity/assay reportable range: A blood sample of $2 5 \mathsf { m L }$ was taken, reated with heparin vacuum tube, to be set for a day. Testing was performed using whole blood supplemented with B-Dglucose to provide samples at seven different blood glucose levels $3 0 { \ - } 5 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , 51-80 mg/dL, 81-120 mg/dL, 121-200 mg/dL, 201-300 mg/dL, 301-400 mg/dL, and $4 0 0 { - } 5 5 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ . A total of 210 tests were performed using 10 meters among the seven glucose ranges per each strip lot.

The linear regression was as follows: EPY $y = 0 . 9 7 2 2 x \cdot 0 . 1 6 8 2$ $r ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 5 6$ , Syx = 9.38, N = 630 c. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): Traceability referenced to NIST Standards, and it cleared with predicate device.

d.Detection limit: Data was provided to support a reportable range of $3 0 { \cdot } 5 5 0 \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L } .$

e.Analytical specificity:

Interference testing was conducted to determine the effect of select endogenous and exogenous substances. A series of test samples, systematically varying in the concentration of the interferents, was prepared by making quantitative, volumetric mixtures of two pools: one at the highest concentration to be tested and the other at the lowest. The substances and concentrations of the interferents are recommended in CLSI EP7-P.

Interference from dopamine and L-dopa was observed when the recommended concentration of these drugs was reached in the blood. Interference was also observed in higher than therapeutic dosages of acetaminophen, gentisic acid, and methyldopa.

f. Assay cut-off: N/A

2Comparison studies:

a.Method comparison with predicate device: Two hundred and five people with diabetes performed a finger stick using the EasyPlus system. A healthcare professional then performed the test on the EasyPlus and the YSl. The range of tested values for these samples was 30-550 mg/dL.

The linear regressions were as follows:

Patient vs. YSI: EY $\begin{array} { r } { y = 0 . 9 5 x + 7 . 4 1 , \mathrm { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 7 6 } \\ { y = 0 . 9 5 x + 7 . 9 1 , \mathrm { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 7 1 } \end{array}$ Healthcare professional vs. YSI: EPY

And compare with predicate device, the linear regressions was as follows: EasyPlus vs. predicate device: $y = 0 . 9 6 6 x - 3 . 8 0$ , $r ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 8 0$

b. Matrix comparison: N/A

Clinical studies:

aClinical Sensitivity: N/A   
b. Clinical specificity: N/A   
C. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): see section 2.a.

4Clinical cut-off: N/A

5. Expected values/Reference range:

Expected blood glucose levels for people without diabetes (refereced from Joslin Diabetes Manual):

#

Time before breakfast before lunch or dinner one hour after meals two hours after meal between 2 and 4 AM

Range (mg/dL) 70-105 70-110 less than 160 less than 120 greater than 70

Range (mmol/L) 3.9-5.8 3.9-6.1 less than 8.9 less than 6.7 greater than 3.9

# N. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# O. Conclusion:

The EasyPlus Self Monitoring Blood Glucose System has the same intended use and similar technological characteristics as the Easy Pain Supreme Self Monitoring Blood Glucose System (k043245) marketed by EPS Bio Technology Corp., Moreover, bench testing contained in the submission demonstrate that any differences in their technological characteristics do not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness. Thus, the EasyPlus Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System is substantially equivalent to the predicate devise.

# SEP 19 2006

Mr. Y.C. Lei   
General Manager   
EPS Bio Technology Corp.   
2F, No. 49-2, Lane 2, Guang Fu Rd., Sec 2 Hsinchu City, Taiwan, China

Re: k061992 Trade/Device Name: EasyPlus Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: August 18, 2006 Received: August 21, 2006

Dear Mr. Lei:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Allato Su

Alberto Gutierez, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K061992

# Device Name: EasyPlus Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System

Indications For Use:

The EasyPlus Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose System is used by individuals with diabetes. It is for the quantitative measurement of glucose levels in fresh capillary whole blood from fingerstick, as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes management in the home and in clinical settings.

Divisipn Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K061992