# 510(k) SUMMARY

(As required by 21.CFR.807.92)

# Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR.807.92, the following information provides sufficient data to understand the basis for a determination of substantial cquivalence.

# Submitted By:

US Diagnostics, Inc. 304 Park Avenue South Suite 218 New York, NY 10010

# Contact Person:

Edward Letko Phone: 917-402-5900 Fax: 212-202-5173

# Date Summary, Prepared:

October 5, 2006

Device Name:

Propriety Name: EASYGLUCOTM G2 Common Name: Blood Glucose Test System Classification Name: Class II, 862.1345 Glucose Blood Tester

# Predicate Device:

We claim substantial equivalence to the LifeScan, Inc., OneTouch $^ { \textregistered }$ Ultra $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ .

# Device Description:

The EASYGLUCOTM Monitor is an in vitro diagnostic device designed for measuring the concentration of glucose in whole blood, which is used with the EASYGLUCOTM Test Strips.

The test principle is:

This device is an in vitro diagnostic product intended for the measurement of glucose concentration in human blood. The principle of the test relies upon a specific type of glucose in the blood sample, the dehydrogenase glucose that reacts to electrodes in the test strip. The test strip employs an clectrochemical signal generating an electrical current that will stimulate a chemical reaction. This reaction is measured by the Meter and displayed as your blood glucose result.

# Intended Use:

The EASYGLUCOTM Diabetes Monitoring System is used for the quantitative measurement of glucose level in whole blood as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes management in the home and in clinical settings. EASYGLUCOTM System is for

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use only). The EASYGLUCO Diabetes Monitoring System is not for use with neonatal blood specimens. Testing sites include the traditional fingertip testing along with alternate site testing on the forearm, palm, calf and thigh.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The US Diagnostics, Inc.. EASYGLUCOTM G2 Module is substantially equivalent to the other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. The most notable, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed item, the OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ultra $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ by LifeScan, Inc.

# Conclusion:

The EASYGLUCOTM G2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is   
substantially equivalent to the following predicate devices:   
K024194  LifeScan, Inc. OneTouch $\textcircled{1}$ Ultra $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$   
K984261  LifeScan, Inc. SURESTEP $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$   
K021513  Roche Diagnostics Corp. Accu-Chek Advantage

# JAN 1 2 2007

Edward Letko   
Managing Director   
US Diagnostics, Inc.   
304 Park Avenue South, Suite 218 New York, NY 10010-4301

Re: k061431 Trade/Device Name: EASYGLUCO G2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Blood Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: December 4, 2006 Received: December 5, 2006

Dear Mr. Letko:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number:

Device Name: EASYGLUCOTM

Indications For Use: The EASYGLUCOrM Diabetes Monitoring System is used for the quantitative measurement of glucose level in whole blood as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes management in the home and in clinical settings.

EASYGLUCOTM System is for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use only). The EASYGLUCO Diabetes Monitoring System is not for use with neonatal blood specimens. Testing sites include the traditional fingertip testing along with alternate site testing on the arm, palm, calf and thigh.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

# Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

K061431