# 5. 510(k) Summary

) Device Name

Introduction

1) 510(k)-Nr. ) Submitter

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient details to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

<table><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Analyticon Biotechnologies AG</td></tr><tr><td>Am Mühlenberg 10</td></tr><tr><td>35104 Lichtenfels</td></tr><tr><td>Germany</td></tr><tr><td>Phone +49-6454-7991-0</td></tr><tr><td>FAX: +49-6454-7991-30</td></tr><tr><td>e-mail: info@analyticon.de</td></tr><tr><td>www.analyticon.de</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person: Dr. Klaus Langer</td></tr><tr><td>Representative in USA:</td></tr><tr><td>Kamm &amp; Associates</td></tr><tr><td>333 Milford Road, 60015 Deerfield, IL</td></tr><tr><td>Proprietary Name: Combi Scan 500</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name: Automated Urine Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>Classification Name:</td></tr><tr><td>Class I (exempt) 21CFR§862.2900: Automated Urine Analyzer (KQO)</td></tr><tr><td>Additional Classification:</td></tr><tr><td>Class II:</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1340 Urinary Glucose (nonquant.) test system (JIL)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§864.6550 Occult Blood test (JIP)</td></tr><tr><td>Class I exempt:</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1095 Ascorbic acid test system (JMA)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1115 Urinary bilirubin and its conjugates (nonquant.) test system (JJB)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1435 Ketones (nonquant.) test system (JIN)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1510 Nitrite (nonquant.) test system (JMT)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1550 Urinary pH (nonquant.) test system (CEN)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§862.1645 Urinary protein or albumin (nonquant.) test</td></tr><tr><td>system (JIR) 21CFR§862.1785 Urinary urobilinogen (nonquant.) test system</td></tr><tr><td>(CDM)</td></tr><tr><td>21CFR§864.7675 Leukocyte peroxidase test</td></tr><tr><td>Clinitec 50 (+ Multistix), Bayer (KQO) 510(k)-Nr. K960546</td></tr></table>

5 ) Intended Use

) Device Description   

<table><tr><td>The Combi Scan 500 is a medium automated urine test strip analyser for use with Combi Screen test strips to determine one or more of the following parameters from urine: ascorbic acid, bilirubin, blood, glucose, ketones, leucocytes, nitrite, pH, protein, specific gravity. For professional use only!</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument for measurement of urine test strips Combi Screen for in-vitro determination of Ascorbic acid, Bilirubin, Blood, Glucose, Ketones, Leukocytes, Nitrite, pH, Protein, Specific Gravity, and Urobilinogen from urine. For professional use, not for self testing.</td></tr><tr><td>The table below shows similarities and differences to the predicative device</td></tr></table>

6) Comparison to predicative device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Combi Scan 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinitek 50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument for measurement of urine test stripsCombi Screen for in-vitro determination ofAscorbic acid, Bilirubin, Blood, Glucose,Ketones, Leukocytes, Nitrite, pH, Protein,Specific Gravity, and Urobilinogen from urine.For professional use, not for self testing.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Clinitek 50 urine chemistry analyser is foruse with Bayer reagent strips for thedetermination of glucose, bilirubin, ketone,blood, protein, urobilinogen, nitrite andleucocytes in urine, urine pH, specific gravityand colour. Thje tests on bayer Reagent stripsand urine color are considered routineurinalysis.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bench-top instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bench-top instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Energy source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power transformerInput: 100 - 240 V, 50/60 HzOutput. 7,5V, 3,0 A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power transformerInput: 100 - 250 V, 50/60 HzOutput. 9V, 2,78 A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurementtechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The instrument measures the color of the lightthat is reflected from the test pads on the strip(reflectometric evauation). These data areconverted into meaningful results.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The instrument measures the color andamount of light that is reflected from the testpads on the strip (reflectometricmeasurement). It then converts thesemeasurements to meaningful results.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuringoperation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test strip is dipped into the urine andplaced on a conveyor, which moves the stripinto the instrument. The instrument controls theincubation time and does the measurement.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The test strip is dipped into the urine andplaced on the strip holder in front of theinstrument. Then, the strip holder is moved intothe instrument, which controls the incubationtime and does the measurement.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test strip Combi Screen 11SYS:Ascorbic acid, Bilirubin, Blood, Glucose,Ketones, Leukocytes, Nitrite, pH, Protein,Specific Gravity, and Urobilinogen from urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test strip Multistix 10SG:Bilirubin, Blood, Glucose, Ketones,Leukocytes, Nitrite, pH, Protein, SpecificGravity, and Urobilinogen from urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controlling ofthe system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD-Display, buttons below the display tocontrol the instrument.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCD-Display, buttons below the display tocontrol the instrument.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage ofresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage of 999 measurements possible</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage of measurements possible</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printing ofresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printout with results, date &amp; time on thermalpaper by internal printer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printout with results, date &amp; time on thermalpaper by internal printer</td></tr></table>

7) Statement of substantially equivalence

Analyticon has submitted Information that shows the substantial equivalence to the predicative device.

Analyticon Biotechnologies AG c/o Mr. Jeff D. Rongero   
Underwriters Laboratories Inc. 12 Laboratory Drive   
P.O. Box 13995   
Research Triangle Park,   
NC 27709-3995

Re: k061812 Trade/Device Name: Combi Scan 500 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 0$ E Regulation Name: Urinary glucose (non-quantitative) test system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIL, JIO, JMA, LJX, JRE, CEN, JMT, JIR, JIN, CDM, JJB & KQO Dated: March 21, 2007 Received: March 22, 2007

Dear Mr. Rongero:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

K061812

Device Name:

Combi Scan 500

Indications For Use:

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

Page 1 of

K061812