# 510(k) Summary: ACCU-CHEK $\textcircled{8}$ Smart Pix Device

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Rd.   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
Contact Person: Scott Thiel   
Data Prepared: March 27, 2007

# Device Name

We claim substantial equivalence to the current legally marketed ACCUCHEK $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Acculink Modem.

# Device Description

Accessory to ACCU-CHEK速 brand meters and/or Disetronic/ACCU-CHEK insulin infusion pump that enables the persons with diabetes or healthcare professionals to send stored data to a compatible computer.

# Indications for Use Statement

The ACCU-CHEK $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Smart Pix enables persons with diabetes or healthcare professionals to send stored data from their compatible ACCU-CHEK blood glucose monitor and/or Disetronic/ACCU-CHEK Insulin infusion pump to a compatible computer as a set of reports or data stream.

The ACCU-CHEK Smart Pix is intended to help monitor and clinically manage individuals with diabctes.

# Similarities

The proposcd modification is rclatively modest in scope. The following is a list of some of the claims and features unaffected by the proposed modifications.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature / Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Connect to blood glucose monitors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both devices connect to anddownload information stored onACCU-CHEK brand blood glucosemonitors.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warnings and precautions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>State Messaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both devices provide feedback to theconsumer through a combination ofLED flashes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reports</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Both devices create reports andgraphs using basic statisticalcalculations of the historic datastored in the devices they canconnect to.</td></tr></table>

# Differences

The following is a listing of the key differences between the ACCU-CHEK Smart Pix and the predicate device.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature / Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK SmartPix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AC adapter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 g</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>205 g</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104 x 74 x 38 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137 x 113 x 41 mm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ACCU-CHEK速Smart Pix enablespersons with diabetesor healthcareprofessionals to sendstored data from theircompatible ACCU-CHEK blood glucosemonitor and/orDisetronic/ACCU-CHEK Insulin infusionpump to a compatiblecomputer as a set ofreports or data stream.The ACCU-CHEKSmart Pix is intended tohelp monitor andclinically manageindividuals withdiabetes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ACCU-CHEK速Acculink modem isdesigned to enable theself-tester to send datafrom a supported Accu-Chek brand meter toeither a facsimile (fax)machine or Rochesupported softwareutilized by a physician,pharmacist, or othermember of the self-tester&#x27;s health careteam. The datatransmission takesplace over standardtelephone service(POTS) lines ortelephone lineemulator.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Service temperature:5-40 CStorage temperature:-25-70 CHumidity:9.6 - 98% Rh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating temperature:0-50 CStorage temperature:-25-65 CHumidity:0-95% Rh</td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics Corp. c/o Mr. Scott Thiel Global Regulatory Affairs Diabetes Care 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46256

Re: k062395 Trade/Device Name: ACCU-CHEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Smart Pix Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, LZG, JQP Dated: March 28, 2007 Received: March 29, 2007

Dear Mr. Thiel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

Device Name:__ACCU-CHEK速 Smart Pix

Indications For Use:

The ACCU-CHEK $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Smart Pix enables persons with diabetes or healthcare professionals to send stored data from their compatible ACCU-CHEK blood glucose monitor and/or Disetronic/ACCU-CHEK Insulin infusion pump to a compatible computer as a set of reports or data stream.

The ACCU-CHEK Smart Pix is intended to help monitor and clinically manage individuals with diabetes.

Over-The-Counter Use _XX (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

n M. Cooper,M.S., DVM Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Page l of _1_ Device Evaluation and Safety   
5100 K062395