# K062118

# 510 (k) Summary

# Page 1 of 2

1. Submitter Information   
Company name:   
Contact person:   
Address:

# JUL 1 3 2007

Pointe Scientific, Inc.   
Ron Jamison   
5449 Research Drive   
Canton, MI 48188   
(734) 487-8301   
(734) 483-1592   
rjamison@pointescientific.com July $2 4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ , 2006   
Phone:   
FAX:   
E-mail:   
Date Prepared:

2Name of Device Trade Names:

Pointe 360 Glucose Hexokinase Reagent   
Set   
Glucose Assay   
Glucose Test System, Class II, 21 CFR 862.1345

Common Name: Regulation:

. Predicate Device Trade/Proprietary Name:

Roche Diagnostics Glucose/HK on the Hitachi 917   
Roche Diagnostics Systems Inc.   
k953847

Submitter 510 (k) Number

# Device Description

The Pointe 360 is a computerized bench top laboratory instrument. It is capable of automating all stages of assay processing that involve incubation, reagent delivery, mixing, optical reading, calculating, data storage and reporting within specified limits. The glucose reagent set for the Pointe 360 is an assay for the determination of glucose in plasma or serum.

# 5. Intended Use

The Glucose Hexokinase reagent set is intended to be used in a diagnostic laboratory setting by qualified laboratory technologists for the quantitative determination of glucose in human serum and plasma on the Pointe 360 Analyzer. It is for in vitro diagnostic use only. The determination of glucose in serum and plasma is for use in the diagnosis and treatment of diabetes mellitus.

# 6Comparison to Predicate Device

The Pointe 360 Glucose Hexokinase reagent set is substantially equivalent to the Roche Diagnostics Glucose/HK on the Hitachi 917 (k953847). Both reagent sets for each analyzer have a similar intended use and functionality.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid Glucose (Proposed Device) andPointe 360 analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Diagnostics Glucose/HK(Predicate Device) and Hitachi 917</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Glucose reagent set is intended to beused in a diagnostic laboratory setting buqualified laboratory technologists for thequantitative determination of glucose inhuman serum.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzymatic in vitro test for thequantitative determination of glucosein human serum, plasma, urine andCSF.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexokinase (yeast) 4000 U/L, G6PDH(Leuconostoc Mesenteroides) 4000 U/L, ATP 6.0 mM, NAD 3.0 mM, Bufffer pH 7.5 NADP ≥ 1.0 mmol/L; preservative± 0.1. Nonreactive stablizers and sodiumazide (0.1%) as preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R1: Tris Buffer: 100mmol/L, pH 7.8;Mg:4mmol/L; ATP ≥ 1.7 mmol/L;ATP 6.0 mM, NAD 3.0 mM, Bufffer pH 7.5 NADP ≥ 1.0 mmol/L; preservative R2: HEPES buffer, 30 mmol/L, pH7.0; Mg:4mmo/L; HK ≥ 8.3 U/ml(yeast); G6PDH ≥ 15 U/ml (E. coli);preservative.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent provided as a ready to use liquid.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents are provided in a ready touse format.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Shelf life is 18 months when stored tightlycapped at 2-8C.Once opened the reagent is stable at least30 days when properly stored and handled.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent is stable until the expirationdate stated on the label at 2-8°C.Opened vial stability is 28 days at2-8C. Specific Shelf life notindicated.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity / Assay range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 - 500.0 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 - 750 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Limit ofDetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0 mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference was observed from bilirubinup to 16.0 mg/dl, hemoglobin up to 300mg/dl and lipemia (intralipid) up to 1000mg/dl. (using a criteria of &gt;10% variancefrom control) This data was generated usingthe Pointe 360 analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant (&gt; 10.0%) lipemicinterference found at Intralipid levelsfrom 1-1000 mg/dl (0-3000 mg/d1Triglyceride). No significant (10.0%) icteric interference at Bilirubinlevels of 60 mg/dl. No significant (&gt;10.0%) Hemoglobin levels of 1000mg/dl.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision (Within Day)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean SD   CVNSample 1 81    0.6   0.7% 20Sample 2 276    1.1  0.4% 20Sample 3 468      4.9    1.0% 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean    CVNSample 1 127    1.0 % 63Sample 266     1.1 % 63Sample 3274      0.8 %   63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision (Day to Day)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean SD   CVNSample 181    1.3  1.6% 20Sample 2 261    3.2   1.2% 20Sample 3 451      7.5    1.7% 20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean   CVNSample 1 126    1.7% 63Sample 2 118    1.9%63Sample 3 253      1.9%   63</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Correlation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corr. Coefficient  :  Reg. Equation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Corr. Coefficient : Reg. Equation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.996             y = 0.960x + 3.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.999           $y = 1.02x -2.72</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.997             y = 0.977x + 0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not listed</td></tr></table>

# 7. Performance Studies

Testing of the Pointe 360 included validation of the assay as well as the software that is used for the instrument.

# 8. Conclusion

We feel the data supports a determination that the Pointe Scientific, Inc. Liquid Glucose Hexokinase reagent when used on the Pointe 360 performs and produces data that is substantially equivalent to the products marketed by Roche Diagnostics.

# JUL 1 3 2007

Pointe Scientific, Inc. c/o Mr. Ron Jamison Technical Service Manager 5449 Research Drive Canton, MI 48188

Re: k062118 Trade/Device Name: Pointe 360 Glucose Hexokinase Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CFR Dated: June 20, 2007 Received: June 22, 2007

Dear Mr. Jamison:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name:

# Glucose Hexokinase Reagent

Indications For Use:

The Glucose Hexokinase reagent set is intended to be used in a diagnostic laboratory setting by qualified laboratory technologists for the quantitative determination of glucose in human serum and plasma on the Pointe 360 Analyzer. It is for In Vitro diagnostic use only. The determination of glucose in serum and plasma is for use in the diagnosis and treatment of diabetes mellitus.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of 1_

Division Sign-Off Office bf In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510k) k2