# Exhibit 1

# 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 5l0(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ .

The assigned 510(k) number is:_

# 1. Submitter's Identification:

BIONIME CORPORRATION   
NO 694, RENHUA ROAD, DALI CITY, TAICHUNG COUNTY, TAIWAN 412   
Contact Person: Patrick Hsieh   
Phone Number: 886-4-24951268   
FAX Number: 886-4-24952568

Date Summary Prepared: December 18, 2006

2. Name of the Device: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System

3. Common or Usual Name: Glucose test system Panel: Clinical Chemistry 75 Product Code: NBW, System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over The Counter. Classification: Class II

4. Device Description: Our Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a Meter, Blood Glucose Test Strips, Code Key, Check key, Two Control Solutions, Lancing Device and lancets. The Rightest Meter, Blood Glucose Test Strips, Code Key and Check key are manufactured by BIONIME Corporation. The Rightest Meter, when úsed with the Rightest Test Strips Blood Glucose Test Strips, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Test Strips is verified by the Control Solution. The Check key verifies the status of Rightest meter.

# 5. Intended Use:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (outside of body). It is indicated to used by professional healthcare personnel or people with diabetes at home to measure the glucose concentration for aiding diabetes management. The glucose concentration is measured with quantitative capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm and forearm by using Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System. This test device is not intended for testing neonate blood samples.

Special condition for use statement(s): Rightest system provides plasma equivalent results.

6. Predicate Device Information: The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the brand of Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System noted below.

Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Device Company: Bionime Corporation   
510(K) Number: K042678 and K053635

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest BGMS(Alternative Site Testing)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest BGMS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose               Oxidase(Aspergillus niger)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose               Oxidase(Aspergillus niger)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mediator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium ferricyanide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium ferricyanide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HematocritRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - 55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperaturerange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 - 104° F10 - 40°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50- 104°F10 - 40°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Humidity range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Warranty(meter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 years</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open use time(strip)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noble metal electrode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noble metal electrode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code key</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code key</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5V×2 battery (LR03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5V×2 battery (LR03)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 600 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device(Alternative SiteTesting</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">nmaGlo</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rightest BGMS (AST)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rightest BGMS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The glucose concentrationis measured withquantitative capillary wholeblood from the fingertip,palm and forearm by usingRightest Blood GlucoseMonitoring System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The glucose concentrationis measured withquantitative capillary wholeblood from the fingertip,palm and forearm by usingRightest Blood GlucoseMonitoring System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description andLabelling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">We mention the informationabout modification in user's</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">We mention the informationin user's manual.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">manual. We also show adiagrammatic explanationabout alternative test sites inuser's manual.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memorycapability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1, 7, 14, 30 day average andlast 300 tests in the memory</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3, 7, 14 day average and last200 tests in the memory</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Running 1,000 test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Running 1,500 test</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The unit ofmeasurement data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fix on mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Switch between mg/dL and mmol/I</td></tr></table>

8. Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance, functionality and reliability of The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System.   
The evaluation included with precision, linearity, interference, hematocrit and control solution.

9. Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed: The clinical test was designed in Alternative site testing study as below

Test capillary blood by technician Study:   
It shows similarly slope and intercept for difference position of capillary blood test by technician.

Fig 1 Linear regression from Rightest versus YSI 2300D

<table><tr><td>Technician</td><td>Rightest fingerstick vs YSI-Plasma</td><td>Rightest palmstick vs YSI-Plasma</td><td>Rightest armstick vs YSI-Plasma A</td></tr><tr><td>Test range</td><td></td><td>30~572</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Test number</td><td>176</td><td>176</td><td>174</td></tr><tr><td>Slope</td><td>0.99</td><td>1.01</td><td>0.99</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept</td><td>2.51</td><td>1.70</td><td>2.21</td></tr><tr><td>r</td><td>0.9901</td><td>0.9910</td><td>0.9882</td></tr></table>

Test capillary blood by patient Study:   
It shows similarly slope and intercept of difference positions of capillary blood test by Patient.   
Fig 2 Linear regression from Rightest versus YSI 2300D

<table><tr><td>Patient</td><td>Rightest fingerstick vs YSI-Plasma</td><td>Rightest palmstick vs YSI-Plasma</td><td>Rightest armstick vs YSI-Plasma</td></tr><tr><td>Test range</td><td></td><td>30 ~ 572</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Test number</td><td>176</td><td>175</td><td>174</td></tr><tr><td>Slope</td><td>1.03</td><td>1.02</td><td>1.02</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept</td><td>-0.25</td><td>1.19</td><td>-0.84</td></tr><tr><td>r</td><td>0.9911</td><td>0.9912</td><td>0.9906</td></tr></table>

The "Alternative Site Test" clinical evaluation shows substantial equivalence to Rightest used in finger, palm and arm position. They all have similar slope and intercept of Rightest value versus YSI 2300D. So the result tells us Rightest blood glucose monitoring system is suitable to be used in finger, palm and arm.

# 10. Conclusions:

Results of clinical testing demonstrate that the performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Alternative Site Testing) testing capillary whole blood is substantial equivalence of Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The precision and accuracy of Rightest is suitable for its in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes management at home and in clinical settings.

Bionime Corporation   
c/o Ms. Susan D. Goldstein-Falk MDI Consultant, Inc.   
55 Northern Blvd.   
Suite 200   
Great Neck, NY 11021

# FEB 1 6 2007

Re: k062567 Trade/Device Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: February 2, 2007 Received: February 5, 2007

Dear Ms. Goldstein-Falk:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. DV.M. Yean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_ k062567

# Device Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (outside of body). It is indicated to be used by professional healthcare personnel or diabetics at home to measure the glucose concentration for aiding diabetes management. The glucose concentration is measured with quantitative capillary whole blood from the fingertip, palm, and forearm by using Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System. This device is not intended for testing neonate blood samples.

Special conditions for use statement(s): Rightest System provides plasma equivalent results.

Prescription Use____ AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF EEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of_

in Vitro Disgnos Zes and Safey 1062567