# Bayer HealthCare Diabetes Care Division

# SEP 11 2006

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Ascnsia® ConTouR® Blood Glucose Monitoring System

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K062058.

Prepared: August 4, 2006

Submitter: Bayer HealthCare, Diabetes Care Division

Address: 430 South Beiger Street Mishawaka, IN 46544 Phone (574) 262-7152; FAX (574) 262 6945

Contact: Roger Sonnenburg, Regulatory Affairs Manager

Device:

Trade/Proprietary Name: Ascensia® CoNToUR® Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Common/Usual Name: Blood Glucose Meter

Classification:

Division of Clinical Laboratory Devices Panel - Clinical Chemistry and Toxicology Classification Code - 75 LFR, Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose

Predicate Device: Acensi® oTR® Dabees Care System, K03657

Device Description: The Ascensia® CoNToUR® Blood Glucose Monitoring System is used for the measurement of glucose in whole blood. The system contains a blood glucose meter, a bottle of strips, a bottle of normal control solution, a lancing device and lancets, and instructions for use.

# i  B 510(k) Summary, continued Page 2 of 2

Intended Use:

The Shogun Blood Glucose Monitoring System is used for the measurement of glucose in whole blood. The Shogun Blood Glucose Monitoring System is an over-the-counter (OTC) device used by persons with diabetes and by healthcare professionals in home settings and in healthcare facilities. The Shogun Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for use with capillary, venous, and arterial whole blood samples and neonatal blood samples. Capillary samples may be drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, and in the case of neonates, the heel. The frequent monitoring of blood glucose is an adjunct to the care of persons with diabetes.

Technological Characteristics:

There were no changes to the fundamental scientific technology.

Comparison to Predicate device:

The modifications to the device encompass meter design changes, software changes, and labeling changes. There has been no change to the intended use, operating principle, or functionality of the device.

Assessment of Performance:

An evaluatin  theAscensi®CoT® Bloo Gluco Monitoring System was studied in the laboratory and in a clinical setting by persons with diabetes. The results were compared to results from the original Ascensia® ConToUR ® Blood Glucose Monitoring System and to a laboratory method. The studies showed equivalent performance with the original Ascensia® ConTouR® Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Conclusion:

The results of the laboratory and clinical evaluations of the Shogun Blood Glucose Monitoring System demonstrated that the device produces blood glucose results that are substantially equivalent to results obtained on the predicate device. Therefore, the system with the modified meter is as safe and effective as the original system.

# SEP 1 1 2006

Mr. Roger Sonnenburg Bayer Healthcare LLC Diabetes Care Division 430 South Beiger Street Mishawaka, IN 46544

Re: k062058 Trade/Device Name: Ascensia $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ CONTOUR $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: July 19, 2006 Received: July 20, 2006

Dear Mr. Roger Sonnenburg:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notificatin.The DA finding of substantial equivalence o your device to a lally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0484. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Intemet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Mat enA

Alberto Gutiertcz, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K062058

Device Name:Ascensia® CoTR® Blood Glucose Monitoring Systm so ®BoGlun Ss used for the measurement of glucose in whole blood. The Ascensia® (OTC) device used by persons with diabetes and by healthcare professionals in home settings and in healthcare facilities.

The Ascensia® ConTouR® Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for use with capillary, venous, and arterial whole blood samples and neonatal blood samples. Capillary samples may be drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, and in the case of neonates, the heel.

The frequent monitoring of blood glucose is an adjunct to the care of persons with diabetes.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

Page 1 of

K062058