# 510(k) Summary

# FastPack® Total PSA Method Verification Kit

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1. Submitter name, address, contact

Qualigen, Incorporated 2042 Corte del Nogal Carlsbad, CA 92011

Telephone: Fax:

Contact Person: Melissa Saam

Date Prepared: September 28, 2006

Device name

Proprietary name:

FastPack® Total PSA Method Verification Kit

Common name:

Total PSA Quality Controls

Classification Name: Single (specified) Analyte Controls (assayed and unassayed)

3. Predicate device

FastPack® Controls

4 Device description

# FastPack® PSA Method Verification Kit

The FastPack® Total PSA Method Verification kit components are in liquid form, in vials, from which the user can directly remove sample. They are formulated at three (3) levels packaged together as a kit.

5. Intended use

The FastPack® Total PSA Method Verification Kit consists of assayed quality control materials for verification of the calibration and reportable range of the FastPack® Total PSA Immunoassay to meet CLIA requirements.

6. Comparison to Predicate Device   
The following table compares the FastPack $\otimes$ PSA Method Verification Kit with the FastPack $\otimes$ Calibrators.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FastPack Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FastPack® Total PSAMethod Verification Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assayed quality controlmaterials for the verificationof the accuracy andprecision of the FastPack®Analyzer system when usedfor the quantitativedetermination of PSA inhuman serum or plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. Assayed quality controlmaterials for theverification of thecalibration and reportablerange of the FastPack®Total PSA Immunoassayto meet CLIArequirements.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total PSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total PSA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum Albumin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSAConcentrations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 ng/mL10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL25 ng/mL50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Page 37

Qualigen, Inc. c/o Ms. Melissa Saam Manager, QA/RA 2042 Corte Del Nogal Carlsbad, CA 92011

Re: k062957 Trade/Device Name: QualigenTM FastPack $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Total PSA Method Verification Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJX Dated: March 13, 2007 Received: March 19, 2007

Dear Ms. Saam:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification. The

Page 2 -

FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Man  chan for Gr Robent Becke

Robert L. Becker, Jr., M.D., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Numbe (f ) 062957

Device Name: FastPack® Total PSA Method Verification Kit

Indications for Use:

The FastPack® Total PSA Method Verification Kit consists of assayed quality control materials for verification of the calibration and reportable range of the FastPack@ Total PSA Immunoassay to meet CLIA requirements.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)

Mana 2 chan Divislon Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(K) K062957

# Page 1 of 1

Pige 2