# 510 (k) Summary

22

1. Company Information Company name TaiDoc Technology Corporation Contact person Pi-Shiou Li Address 4F, No.88, Sec. 1, Kwang-Fu RD., San-Chung, Taipei County, Taiwan, R.O.C., 241 Phone 886-2-6635-8080 E-mail erica@taidoc.com FAX 886-2-6635-5959

# 2. Device Identification

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>Trade name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clever Chek TD-3213 Blood Glucose plus Blood PressureMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clever Chek TD-3215 Blood Glucose plus Blood PressureMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dr. T TD-3216 Blood Glucose plus Blood PressureMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clever Chek TD-3217 Blood Glucose plus Blood PressureMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood PressureMonitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Commonname</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Test Strip</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Classificationname</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II devices</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR Section 862.1345, Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR Section 870.1130, Non-invasive Blood PressureMeasurement System</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device

<table><tr><td>K061181</td><td>ACHTUNG Blood Glucose Monitoring System by TaiDoc Technology Corporation.</td></tr><tr><td>K042795</td><td>Clever Chek TD-3213 Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System by TaiDoc Technology Corporation.</td></tr><tr><td>K061073</td><td>Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System by TaiDoc Technology Corporation.</td></tr></table>

# Device Description

The Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System consists of a monitor with wrist/arm cuff and test strips. The system utilizes an electrochemical method-based meter and dry reagent biosensor (test strips) for blood glucose testing. The size of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood and control solutions.

The system is able to provide blood pressure measurement which adopts the "oscillometric method" as the measuring principle. It provides the systolic pressure, diastolic blood pressure and pulse rate on an adult individual, over age $^ { 1 6 , }$ at home by using a non-invasive technique in which an inflatable cuff is wrapped around the wrist (Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217) or in the arm (Clever Chek TD-3250). The cuff circumference is limited to $5 . 2 5 ^ { \prime \prime } \sim 7 . 7 5 ^ { \prime \prime }$ $( 1 3 \sim 2 0 \mathrm { c m } )$ for wrist or $9 . 4 ^ { \prime \prime } { \sim } 1 3 . 8 ^ { \prime \prime }$ $( 2 4 - 3 5 \mathrm { c m } )$ for arm.

# Intended Use

The Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System is indicated for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood (capillary blood from the finger, the palm, the forearm, the upper-arm, the calf and the thigh) for self testing by persons with diabetes in the home or by healthcare professionals in healthcare facilities. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use).

The system is also intended to be used to measure non-invasively the systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse rate of an adult individual, over age 16, at home.

For Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217 system, the blood pressure is measured by using a technique in which an inflatable cuff is wrapped around the wrist. The cuff circumference is limited to $5 . 2 5 ^ { \prime \prime } \sim 7 . 7 5 ^ { \prime \prime }$ .

For Clever Chek TD-3250 system, the blood pressure is measured by using a technique in which an inflatable cuff is wrapped around the arm. The cuff circumference is limited to $9 . 4 ^ { \prime \prime } \sim 1 3 . 8 ^ { \prime \prime }$ .

6Comparison to Predicate Device The Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System has equivalent technological characteristics as the ACHTUNG Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K061181), the Clever Chek TD-3213 Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System (K042795) and the the Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System (K061073).

The system also contains the same intended use as the ACHTUNG Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K061181), the Clever Chek TD-3213 Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System (K042795) and the the Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose and Blood Pressure Measurement System (K061073).

# 7. Performance Studies

The performance of the Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System was studied in the laboratory and in clinical settings by healthcare professionals and lay users. The studies demonstrated that the above blood glucose plus blood pressure monitoring system is suitable for its intended use.

# 8. Conclusion

The Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System demonstrates satisfactory performance and is suitable for their intended use.

# JAN 3 1 2007

Taidoc Technology Corporation 4F, 88, Sec.1, Kwang Fu Road San Chung, Taipei 241 China (Taiwan) ATTN: Ms. Pi-Shiou Li

Re: k062800 Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, DXN Dated: December 28, 2006 Received: January 03, 2007

Dear Ms. Li:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of January 22, 2007.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Indications for Use 510k) Number: K0le 2800 Device Name: Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/Dr. T TD-3216 Clever Chek TD-3217/Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/Clever Chek TD-3217/ Clever Chek TD-3250 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and the following alternative sites: the palm, the forearm, the upper-arm, the calf and the thigh. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

Thealteative  stng hestem n beusn urg seaysta bl glucose conditions.

The system is also intended to be used to measure non-invasively the systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse rate of an adult individual, over age 16, at home.

For Clever Chek TD-3213/ Clever Chek TD-3215/ Dr. T TD-3216/ Clever Chek TD-3217 system, the blood pressure is measured by using a technique in which an inflatable cuff is wrapped around the wrist. The cuff circumference is limited to 5.25" $\sim 7 . 7 5 ^ { \prime \prime }$ .

For Clever Chek TD-3250 system, the blood pressure is measured by using a technique in which an inflatable cuff is wrapped around the arm. The cuff circumference is limited to $9 . 4 ^ { \prime \prime } \sim 1 3 . 8 ^ { \prime \prime }$ .

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use _X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)