# AUG -9 2007

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKRAY Factory USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tom SpeikersDirector, Quality Systems and Regulatory AffairsARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th StreetMinneapolis, MN 55439Phone: 952-646-3168Fax: 952-646-3110speikerst@ARKRAYusa.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 11, 2006</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345; Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA, NBW, JJX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Advance Micro-draw BGM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceDescription:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Monitoring Systemconsists of a meter, sensor test strips, and control solutions foruse as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Monitoring Systemis intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in freshcapillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips,forearm, upper arm or palm. Testing is done outside the body(In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over thecounter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings byhealthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectivenessof diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A full array of in-house and clinical testing was done consistentwith relevant FDA guidances for blood glucose monitoringsystems.Bench testing included evaluation of interferences, linearity,linear range, altitude effects, control solution functionality, andanalytical precision.Clinical testing included evaluation of accuracy for both fingerstick and Alternate Site Testing.Safety testing included evaluation of EMC.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling, bench testing results and clinical testing results supportthe Indications for Use and the claim of substantial equivalenceto the predicate.</td></tr></table>

# AUG - 9 2007

Arkray Factory USA, Inc.   
$\mathtt { c / o }$ Mr. Tom Speikers   
Director, Quality Systems & Regulatory Affairs 5182 W. $7 \dot { 6 } ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Street   
Minneapolis, MN 55439

Re: k063771 Trade Name: GlucocardX-Meter Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JX Dated: July 06, 2007 Received: July 10, 2007

Dear Mr. Speikers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): K063771

Device Name: GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative mpi ar or palm.Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use).It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# GLUCOCARD X-METER:

The GLUCOCARD X-METER is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, upper arm or palm. GLUCOCARD XSENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the GLUCOCARD X-METER. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GLUCOCARD X-SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips:

GLUCOCARD X-SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, foream, upper arm or palm. GLUCOCARD X-SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Meter. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use).They are indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# GLUCOCARD X-METER CONTROL:

For use with GLUCOCARD X-METER Blood Glucose Meter and GLUCOCARD X-SENSOR Blood Gluose Test Strips as a quality control check to veriy theaccuracy o blood glucose tes results.Control solutions are available in three levels - Low (L), Normal (N) and High (H).

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)