K063845

# 510(k) Summary

DEC 07 2007

# Submitter information Contact person:

Philip Liu Manager, Regulatory Affairs & Compliance

# Address:

Siemens Medical Solutions Diagnostics   
(formerly Bayer HealthCare, LLC, Diagnostics Division)   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

# Phone:

914-524-2443   
914-524-2500 (fax)

Date summary prepared:

Device rade r Proprietary Name:ADVI® Chemisry Total Bilirubn

Device Common/Usual Name or Classification Name:

Total Bilirubin Reagent/Test System

Classification Number/Class: JFM/Class II

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k063845

# Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA IMS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K992399</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bayer HealthCare LLC</td></tr></table>

# Device Description:

The ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin_2 is used for the in vitro quantitative determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma on the $A D V / A ^ { \circledast }$ Chemistry Systems. The proposed labeling indicates the ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin 2 reagents can be used on the ADVIA Chemistry Systems 1650, 1800, 2400, and 1200.

Siemens Medical Solutions Diagnostics (formerly Bayer HealthCare, LLC)   
ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin_2 Premarket Notification 510(k)   
Attachment #1- Revised 510(k) Summary   
November 30, 2007

The Total Bilirubin_2 assay is based on a chemical oxidation method, utilizing vanadate as the oxidizing agent. Total bilirubin (conjugated and unconjugated) is oxidized by vanadate at about pH 2.9 to produce biliverdin. In the presence of detergent and vanadate, both conjugated and unconjugated bilirubin are oxidized. This oxidation reaction causes a decrease in the optical density of the yellow color, which is specific to bilirubin. The decrease in optical density at 451/545 nm is proportional to the total bilirubin concentration in the sample. The concentration is measured as an endpoint reaction.

# Statement of Intended Use:

The ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin_2 assay is for in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of total bilirubin inhuman serum and plasma on the ADVIA Chemistry Systems. Such measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of hemolytic, biliary, and liver disorders, including hepatitis and cirrhosis.

# Comparison to the Predicate Device:

# Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Chemistry TotalBilirubin2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA IMS(predicate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativedetermination of total bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativedetermination of total bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum or plasma(lithium heparin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum or plasma(lithium heparin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reaction Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorimetric endpoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorimetric endpoint</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single point</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 1.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 1.2 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\* Tietz NW, Clinical Guide to Laboratory Tests. $\overline { { 3 ^ { \mathfrak { r d } } } }$ ed. Philadelphia, PA: WB Saunders Company; 1995:88-91

# Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Chemistry TotalBilirubin_2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVI IMS(predicate device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vanadate oxidation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazotized sulfanilic acid withblank</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two liquid reagents containedin system specific packaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One lyophilized reagent,diluent, and one liquid reagentcontained in system specificpackaging</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AACC Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AACC Reference Method</td></tr></table>

# Performance:

Substantial equivalence was demonstrated by testing several performance characteristics including imprecision, method comparison, interfering substances, serum/plasma equivalency, and analytical range. The following tables summarize the precision (total), interfering substances, analytical range, and method comparison results.

All of the evaluation studies gave acceptable results compared to the predicate device. These studies support that the ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin_2 assay is substantially equivalent to the ADVIA IMS Total Bilirubin assay that is currently marketed.

# Imprecision (Serum)

Correlation (y $\asymp$ ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin_2, $\pmb { \chi } =$ comparison system)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ADVIA Chemistry1650/1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ADVIA Chemistry2400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ADVIA Chemistry1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ADVIA IMS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen type,System (y)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ComparisonSystem (x)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regressionquation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syx(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Range(mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, ADVIA 1650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA IMS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y= 0.925x +0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2 - 26.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, ADVIA 2400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y= 0.999x - 0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 -24.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, ADVIA 1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1650</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>y=1.036x - 0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 - 24.4</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>InterferingSubstanceConc.(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Bilirubin Conc. (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Effect(% change)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA1650/1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA2400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA1650/1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA2400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA1200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids (Triglycerides)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Range (Serum/Plasma)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1650/1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 - 35.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 2400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 - 35.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA 1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 - 35.0 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions:

The ADVIA Chemistry Total Bilirubin_2 assay is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the Bayer ADVIA IMS Total Bilirubin method (K992399).

# DEC 0 7 2007

Bayer Healthcare, LLC   
c/o Dr. Philip Liu   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs and Compliance   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591-5097

Re: k063845 Trade Name: Advia Chemistry Total Bilirubin 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1110 Regulation Name: Bilirubin (Total or Direct) Test System. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JFM Dated: November 30, 2007 Received: December 04, 2007

Dear Dr. Liu:

We havc reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincercly yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k063845

Device Name: ADVIA CHEMISTRY TOTAL BILIRUBIN 2

Indications For Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of total bilirubin in human serum and plasma on the ADVIA Chemistry Systems. Such measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of hemolytic, biliary, and liver disorders, including hepatitis and cirrhosis.