Dade Behring Inc.   
Dimension VistaTM BHCG Method and Calibrator 510(k) Premarket Notification

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

k063754

1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation

Manufacturer:

Dade Behring Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714

Contact Information:

Dade Behring Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714 Attn: Pamela A. Jurga Tel: 302-631-8891

Date of Preparation:

December 15, 2006

2. Device Name / Classification

Dimension Vista™M BHCG reagent cartridge/ Class II Dimension VistaTM BHCG calibrator/ Class I

# 3. Identification of the Predicate Device

Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) method and calibrator.   
(K970387/K970396).

# FDA Guidance Document(s):

"Bundling Multiple Devices or Multiple Indications in a Single Submission"- 11/26/2003 "Review Criteria for Assessment of Professional Use Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in Vitro Diagnostic Devices (IVDs)" 11/06/96

# 4. Device Description(s):

# Method

The BHCG method is a homogeneous, sandwich chemiluminescent immunoassay based on LOCI™M technology. The LOCT™M reagents include two synthetic bead reagents and a biotinylated anti-BhCG monoclonal antibody fragment. The first bead reagent (Sensibeads) is coated with streptavidin and

Dade Behring Inc.   
Dimension VistaTM BHCG Method and Calibrator 510(k) Premarket Notification

contains photosensitizer dye. The second bead reagent (Chemibeads) is coated with a second anti-BhCG monoclonal antibody and contains chemiluminescent dye. Sample is incubated with Chemibeads and biotinylated antibody to form a bead-BhCG-biotinylated antibody sandwich. Sensibeads are added and bind to the biotin to form bead-pair immunocomplexes. Ilumination of the complex at $6 8 0 \mathrm { n m }$ generates singlet oxygen from Sensibeads which diffuses to the Chemibeads and triggers a chemiluminescent reaction. The resulting chemiluminescent signal is measured at $6 1 2 \mathrm { n m }$ and is directly proportional to the nicked and non-nicked free, and nicked and non-nicked intact $\beta$ human chorionic gonadotropin concentration in the sample.

# Calibrator

The BHCG Calibrator is a liquid product containing human chorionic gonadotropin in a bovine calf serum matrix with stabilizers and preservative. The kit consists of twelve vials, two each of six levels containing $2 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ per vial for level A, $1 . 0 \mathrm { m L }$ per vial for levels B, C, D, and E, $1 . 5 \mathrm { m L }$ per vial for level F. Description of the manufacturing, value assignment and stability testing processes are provided.

# 5. Device Intended Use:

# Method

The BHCG method is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative measurement of total Beta (β) human chorionic gonadotropin: both the intact hCG dimer and the free $\beta$ subunit of human chorionic gonadotropin hormone in human serum and plasma on the Dimension Vista™M system. Measurements of $\beta$ human chorionic gonadotropin are used for the early detection of pregnancy.

Calibrator The BHCG calibrator is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Total Beta (β) Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (BHCG) method for the Dimension Vista™M System.

# 6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed:

Substantial Equivalence:   
These products are substantially equivalent to other HCG test systems, such as the Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) method and calibrator.   
(K970387/K970396).

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The proposed Dade Behring Dimension Vista™M BHCG method and the predicate Dade Behring Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) method are both in vitro diagnostic immunoassays intended for the measurement of human chorionic gonadotropin hormone in human serum and plasma.

The Dade Behring Dimension Vista™M BHCG calibrator and the predicate Dade Behring Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) calibrator are both calibrators intended to calibrate their associated HCG methods.

A

Dade Benring Inc. Dimension VistaTM BHCG Method and Calibrator 510(k) Premarket Notification   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension VistaTM BHCG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension HCG(K970387)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BHCG method is an in vitrodiagnostic    assay   for   thequantitative measurement of totalBeta   (β)   human   chorionicgonadotropin: both the intact hCGdimer and the free β subunit ofhuman chorionic gonadotropinhormone in human serum andplasma on the Dimension VistaTMsystem. Measurements of β humanchorionic gonadotropin are usedfor the early detection ofpregnancy.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The HCG method for theDimension® clinical chemistrysystem with the heterogeneousimmunoassay module is intended toquantitatively measure intact humanchorionic gonadotropin in serum andplasma for the early detection ofpregnancy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>immunoassay(chemiluminescent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>immunoassay (photometric)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportable Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-1000 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-1000 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1 mIU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 1 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 μL</td></tr></table>

# Calibrator:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension Vista™ βhCGCalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension HCG Calibrator(K970396)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BHCG calibrator is an invitro diagnostic product for thecalibration of the Total Beta (β)Human Chorionic Gonadotropinmethod for the Dimension VistaTMSystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Human Chorionic GonadotropinCalibrator is an in vitro diagnosticproduct intended to be used tocalibrate the Human chorionicgonadotropin (HCG Cat. No. RF430and LHCG Cat, No. RF530) methodsfor the Dimension® clinicalchemistry system with theheterogeneous immunoassay module.This product was designed to meetthe needs of users to assure accurateresults over the assay range of this</td></tr></table>

# Dade Behring Inc. Dimension Vista™M BHCG Method and Calibrator 510(k) Premarket Notification

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>method.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human urine chorionic gonadotropin</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Human urine chorionic gonadotropin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Bovine calf serum</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Equine serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 vials, 2 at each level, 2.0 mL pervial for level A, 1.0 mL per vial forlevel B, C, D, E, 1.5 mL per vial forlevel F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 vials, 2 at each level, reconstitutedvolume 2 mL for each level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6 levels (0, 14, 28, 160, 550, 1100mIU/mL)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 levels (0, 25, 155, 522, 1120mIU/mL)</td></tr></table>

# Comments on Substantial Equivalence:

# Method

The Dade Behring Dimension Vista™M BHCG method and the Dade Behring Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) method are both in vitro diagnostic immunoassays intended for the measurement of human chorionic gonadotropin hormone in human serum and plasma. Comparative data for human serum and plasma samples demonstrate good analytical and clinical agreement between the methods.

# Calibrator

The Dade Behring Dimension Vista™ BHCG calibrator is similar to other calibrator products associated with their assays, such as the Dade Behring Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) calibrator.

# Conclusion:

The Dade Behring Dimension Vista™M BHCG method and the predicate Dade Behring Dimension® Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) method (K970387) are substantially equivalent based on their intended use and performance characteristics as described above. The calibrator products are also substantially equivalent in its design and intended use with their respective assay systems (K970396).

# FEB 2 3 2007

Pamela A Jurga   
Dade Behring, Inc.   
P.O. Box 6101 Bldg. 500; M.S.514 Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k063754 Trade/Device Name: Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Vista™M BHCG Flex $\mathfrak { P }$ reagent cartridge and Dimension $\mathfrak { P }$ Vista™M BHCG calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 1 5 5$ Regulation Name: Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DHA, JIT Dated: December 15, 2006 Received: December 19, 2006

Dear Ms. Jurga:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by referenice to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Dade Behring Inc. Dimension VistaTM BHCG Method and Calibrator 510(k) Premarket Notification

# Indications for Use

510(k) Numbe (f kno): 063754

Device Name:

Dimension $\mathfrak { P }$ Vista™M BHCG Flex® reagent cartridge method Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Vista™M BHCG calibrator

Indications For Use:

# Method

The BHCG method is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative measurement of total Beta (β) human chorionic gonadotropin: both the intact hCG dimer and the free $\beta$ subunit of human chorionic gonadotropin hormone in human serum and plasma on the Dimension VistaTM system. Measurements of $\beta$ human chorionic gonadotropin are used for the early detection of pregnancy.

# Calibrator

The BHCG calibrator is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Beta Human Chorionic Gonadotropin method for the Dimension Vista™M System.

Prescription Use x (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of 1

Nision Slgn-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
1100) K063754