Dade Behring Inc. TM Dimension Vista CYSC 510(k) Notification

# $5 1 0 ( k )$ Summary for Dimension Vista" CYSC Flex® reagent cartridge Dimension Vista" Protein 3 Calibrator Dimension Vista" Cystatin C Control L and H

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Te10(0335

1. Manufacturer's Name, Address, Telephone, and Contact Person, Date of Preparation:

Manufacturer:

Dade Behring Marburg GmbH Emil-von-Behring Str. 76 35041 Marburg, Germany

Contact Information: Dade Behring Inc. P.O. Box 6101 Newark, Delaware 19714-6101 Attn: Kathleen Dray-Lyons Tel: 781-826-4551 Fax: 781-826-2497

Preparation date: November 3, 2006

2. Device Name:

Dmnsion VisCYC Fleeagnar Dimension Vista" Protein 3 Calibrator Dimension Vista" Cystatin C Control L Dimension Vista" Cystatin C Control H

Classification: Product Code: Panel:

Class II; Class II; Class I NDY; JIX; JJY Clinical Chemistry (75)

3. Identification of the Legally Marketed Device:

Dade Behring N Latex Cystatin C Kit- K041878   
Dade Behring N Protein Standard UY - K003501

Dade Behring Inc. Dimension Vista CYSC 510(k) Notification

# 4. Device Description:

# Dimension Vista" CYSC $\mathsf { F l e x } ^ { \mathfrak { o } }$ reagent cartridge

Proteins contained in human body fluids form immune complexes in an immunochemical reaction with specific antibodies. These complexes scatter a beam of light passed through the sample. The intensity of the scattered light is proportional to the concentration of the respective protein in the sample. The result is evaluated by comparison with a standard of known concentration.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 3 Calibrator

PROT3 CAL is a multi-analyte, lyophilized, polygeline based product containing urinary cystatin C and serum albumin of human origin.

Dimension Vista" Cystatin C Control L and H

CYSC CON L and H are lyophilized, polygeline based product with urinary proteins of human origin containing cystatin C.

# 5. Device Intended Use:

Dimension Vista CYSC Flex® reagent care

The CYSC method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of cystatin C in human serum, heparinized plasma or EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista System. Cystatin C measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases.

# Dimension Vista" Protein 3 Calibrator:

The PROT3 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Cystatin C (CYSC) and Microalbumin (MALB) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Dimension Vista" Cystatin C Control L. and H:

CYSC CON L and H are assayed intralaboratory quality control for assessment of precision and analytical bias in determination of cystatin C (CYSC) on the Dimension Vista® System.

# 6. Medical device to which equivalence is claimed and comparison information:

The Dimension Vista" CYSC assay, like the Dade Behring N Latex Cystatin C Kit is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of cystatin C in human serum and plasma.

# 7. Device Performance Characteristics:

The Dimension Vista" CYSC assay was compared to the Dade Behring N Latex Cystatin C Kit on the BN ProSpec® System by evaluating serum and plasma samples with concentrations ranging from 0.33 to $7 . 4 6 ~ \mathsf { m g / L }$ " Regression analysis of these results yielded the following equation:

Method Comparison Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparative Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N Latex Cystatin C on the BNProSpec®</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td></tr></table>

# Dade Behring Inc. Dimension Vista CYSC 510(k) Notification

# 8. Conclusion:

These studies demonstrate correlation and equivalent performance between the Dade Behring N Latex Cystatin C Kit and the Dimension Vista" CYSC assay.

Dade Behring, Inc. Glasgow Site P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714

# JAN 2 2 2007

Attn: Kathleen A. Dray-Lyons

Re: k063351 Trade/Device Name: Dimension VistaTM CYSC Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge, Dimension Vista™M Protein 3 Calibrator, Dimension Vista™M Cystatin C Control M & Dimension Vista™M Cystatin C Control H Regulation Numbers: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Names: Creatinine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NDY, JIX & JJY Dated: November 3, 2006 Received: November 6, 2006

Dear Ms. Dray-Lyons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your devicc complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications Statement

# Device Name:

$$
\beta 0 \varphi 3 3 5 1
$$

Dimension Vist" CYC Flex® reagent cart Dimension Vista™" Protein 3 Calibrator Dimension Vista™ Cystatin C Control M Dimension Vista™" Cystatin C Control H

Indications for Use:

Dimension Vista™" CYSC $F l e x ^ { \textcircled { 8 } }$ reagent cartridge:

The CYSC method is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative determination of cystatin C in human serum, heparinized plasma or EDTA plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. Cystatin C measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases.

Dimension Vista" Protein 3 Calibrator:

The PROT3 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Cystatin C (CYSC) and Microalbumin (MALB) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Dimension Vista™" Cystatin C Control L and H:

CYSC CON L and H are assayed intralaboratory quality controls for assessment of precision and analytical bias in determination of cystatin C (CYSC) on the Dimension Vista® System.

Prescription Use. (Per 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter-Use (21 CFR 801)