# Triglyceride 510(k)

# Section 2 - 510(k) Summary

- As required by 21 CFR 807.87 (h) -

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Proprietary Name: Olympus Triglyceride Reagent

Classification Name: Triglyceride Test System,

Reagent: Olympus Triglyceride OSR6x33 (K961274)

This Olympus Triglyceride procedure is based on a series of coupled enzymatic reactions. The triglycerides in the sample are hydrolyzed by a combination of microbial lipases to give glycerol and fatty acids. The glycerol is phosphorylated by adenosine triphosphate (ATP) in the presence of glycerol kinase (GK) to produce glycerol-3-phosphate. The glycerol-3- phosphate is oxidized by molecular oxygen in the presence of GPO (glycerol phosphate oxidase) to produce hydrogen peroxide $( H _ { 2 } O _ { 2 } )$ and dihydroxyacetone phosphate. The formed $H _ { 2 } O _ { 2 }$ reacts with 4 aminophenazone and N,N-bis(4-sulfobutyl)-3,5-dimethylaniline, disodium salt (MADB) in the presence of peroxidase (POD) to produce a chromophore, which is read at 660/800nm. The increase in absorbance at 660/800 nm is proportional to the triglyceride content of the sample.

Triglycerides ${ } + 3 H _ { 2 } \mathsf { O }$ Lipase  Glycerol $^ +$ 3 Fatty Acids

Glycerol-3-phosphate $+ 0 _ { 2 }$ $\xrightarrow { \mathsf { G P O } } \mathsf { H } _ { 2 } \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } +$ Dihydroxyacetone phosphate

$$
2 H _ { 2 } O _ { 2 } + M A \Delta B + 4 A A P \xrightarrow [ ] { \mathrm { P e r o x i d a s e } } \Delta 1 u e \Delta y e + O H ^ { \prime } + H _ { 2 } O
$$

System reagent for the quantitative determination of Triglyceride concentrations in human serum and plasma on OLYMPUS analyzers.

# Triglyceride 510(k)

# Section 2 - 510(k) Summary

The following Tables compare the new Olympus Triglyceride OSR6x118 with the Olympus Triglyceride OSR6x33

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Olympus Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemical reaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic GPO methodology with Trinderindicator system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample dilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipoprotein Lipase and coupling enzymesand co-factors</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>College of American Pathology (CAP)Serum Lipid (RM016) # 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent storage form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On BoardStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days on board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Point</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Olympus Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for the quantitative determination ofTriglyceride concentrations in human serum and plasma onOLYMPUS analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for thequantitativedetermination ofTriglycerideconcentrations inhuman serum onOLYMPUS analyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Catalogue Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OSR6x118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OSR6x33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N,N-bis(4-sulfobutyl)-3,5-dimethylaniline, disodium salt(MADB)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-chlorophenol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic endpoint at approximately 660nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic endpoint atapproximately 520nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adults:      48 - 352mg/dLTriglyceride           Risk Classification&lt;150 mg/dL           Normal150-199 mg/dL       Borderline High200-499 mg/dL       High≥500 mg/dL          Very High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adults: 48 -352mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# Triglyceride 510(k)

# Section 2 - 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Olympus Triglyceride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision AU400/400e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample      Total CV%1              2.582             2.543             2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample      Total CV%1             1.212             1.673             1.37</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecisionAU600/640/640e</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample      Total CV%1             1.65N3             1.411.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU600Sample      Total CV%1             1.832              1.583              2.804              1.13AU640/640eSample      Total CV%1             1.002             1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision AU2700/5400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample      Total CV%1             2.00N3             1.721.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample      Total CV%1             2.502             2.003              1.504             1.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 1000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 - 1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept     -0.871Slope        1.011R             1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept     3.2Slope        1.010R             0.999</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substances</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400/400e/600/640/640e/2700/5400Ascorbate ≤ 5% up to 20 mg/dLBilirubin ≤ 3% up to 40 mg/dLHemolysis ≤ 3% up to 500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU400/400eAscorbate ≤ 2% up to 20mg/dLBilirubin ≤ 10% up to 20 mg/dLHemolysis ≤ 8% up to 500 mg/dLAU600/640/640eAscorbate ≤ 1% up to 20mg/dLBilirubin ≤ 10% up to 32 mg/dLHemolysis ≤ 7% up to 500 mg/dLAU2700/5400Ascorbate ≤ 2% up to 20mg/dLBilirubin ≤ 10% up to 16 mg/dLHemolysis ≤ 8% up to 500 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Olympus America, Inc. c/o Ms. Bev Harding 3131 West Royal Lane Irving, TX 75063-3104

# MAR 2 3 2007

Re: k063804 Trade/Device Name: Olympus Triglyceride Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1705 Regulation Name: Triglyceride test system. Regulatory Class: Class I meets limitations of exemptions, 21 CFR 862.9 (c) (4) Product Code: CDT Dated: March 16, 2007 Received: March 19, 2007

Dear Ms. Harding:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that havebee recasfiein rdance with the provisions  theFederal FoodDrug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication For Use

510(k) Number (if known): K063804

Device Name:

Olympus Triglyceride Test System.

Indications for Use:

Systm agen orh quantitativdeteinationriglyceridcncentrationsua er plasma on OLYMPUS analyzers

Measurements of triglyceride are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism, orvarious endocrine disorders, and in the assessment of risk factors for atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.

Concrence R, Office  InViDostis Devics OIVD)

Mision Sifp-off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety K063804