# 510(k) Premarket Notification: Liberty Control Solutions American Biological Technologies, Inc.

# 5. 510(k) Summary

# Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter:

Liberty Healthcare Group, Inc. 8883 Liberty Lane Port St. Luce, FL 34952

# Contact Person:

John C. Gormley   
American Biological Technologies, Inc.   
940 Crossroads Blvd   
Seguin, TX 78155   
(830) 372-1391 ex. 210   
Establishment Registration Number: 1643621

# Device Name:

Liberty Control Solutions (Normal Level and High Level)

Common Name:

Single Analyte Control Solution, All Types (Assayed and Unassayed)

# Classification Name:

Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed).

Classification:

Class I per 21 CFR 862.1660

Product Code:

75 JJX

Panel:

Chemistry

Predicate Devices:

Name:

Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

Name: Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

Liberty Glucose Control Liberty Healthcare Group, Inc. K052980

510(k) Premarket Notification: Liberty Control Solutions American Biological Technologies, Inc.

# Device Description:

The Liberty Control Solutions consist of a viscosityadjusted, aqueous liquid control solution containing known quantities of glucose. They are packaged in plastic dropper tipped bottles for easy application of the control solutions to the test strips and a red coloration to aid the user to visually confirm application of the control. The product is nonhazardous and contains no human or animal derived materials.

The Liberty Control Solutions are intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals and in the home by people with diabetes mellitus to assess the performance of the Liberty Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

Intended Use:   
Comparison to Predicate Device:   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic/ Aspect</td><td>Predicate Device No.</td><td>Predicate Device No. 2</td><td>New Product</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>AgaMatrix Liberty Control Solutions (Normal and High</td><td>Liberty Glucose Control</td><td>Liberty Control Solutions (Normal and High Levels)</td></tr><tr><td>510(k), Date</td><td>Levels) K052762, 01/23/2006</td><td>K052980,11/30/2005</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Number of Levels Analytes Container</td><td>2 Glucose Plastic bottle with</td><td>1 Glucose Plastic bottle with</td><td>2 Glucose Plastic bottle with</td></tr><tr><td>Fill Volume Color</td><td>dropper-tip 6 mL Blue</td><td>dropper tip 3.6 mL</td><td>dropper tip 3.6 mL Red</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix</td><td>Buffered aqueous solution of D-Glucose, viscosity modifier, preservatives, and other non-reactive</td><td>Red Buffered aqueous solution of D- Glucose, viscosity modifiers,</td><td>Buffered aqueous solutions of D- Glucose, viscosity modifiers,</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use Target Population</td><td>ingredients Used with the Liberty glucose test results.</td><td>preservatives, and other non-reactive ingredients Used to check the</td><td>preservatives, and other non-reactive ingredients Used to check the</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Meter and Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood</td><td>performance of Medisense Blood Glucose Systems only.</td><td>performance of Liberty Blood Glucose Monitoring System.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Premarket Notification: Liberty Control Solutions American Biological Technologies, Inc.

# Performance Studies:

Tests were performed to verify specific performance characteristics:

1 Stability   
Open Vial Stability   
Microbial Stress Stability   
4. Test precision

# Conclusion:

Comparison of the performance characteristics, formulation and intended use support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Liberty Healthcare Group, Inc.   
John C Gormley   
c/o Americal Biological Technologies, Inc. 940 Crossroads Blvd.   
Seguin, TX 78155

Re: k063855 Trade Name: Liberty Control Solutions (Normal Level and High Level) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJX Dated: December 27, 2006 Received: December 28, 2006

Dear Mr. Gormley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., DV.M.

Enclosure

4. Indications for Use Statement   
510(k) Number (f known): 06355

Device Name: Liberty Control Solutions (Normal Level and High Level)

Indications For Use:

For invito diagnostic use (i. for external use only) by healthcare professionals and in the home by people with diabetes mellitus to assess the performance of the Liberty Blood Glucose Monitoring System..

Office of in Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 4063855

Page 13 of 44