K063243 BIDMERIEUX

DEC I 4 2007

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# VIDAS® Troponin I Ultra (TNIU) Assay

bioMérieux, Inc.   
595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042 Nikita S. Mapp   
314-731-7474   
314-731-8689   
August 11, 2006

Contact Person: Phone Number: Fax Number: Date of Preparation:

# B. Device Name

Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name:

VIDAS® Troponin IUltra (TNIU) Assay Troponin I Enzyme Immunoassay 21 CFR 862.1215, Product Code MMl Immunoassay method, Troponin Subunit

# C.Predicate Device Name

Trade Name: Dimension RxL® Cardiac Troponin I (CTNI) Assay

# DDevice Description

The ViDAS Troponin I Ultra (TNiU) Assay is an enzyme-linked fluorescent immunoassay (ELFA) performed in an automated VIDAS® instrument. All assay steps and assay temperature are controlled by the instrument. A pipette tip-like disposable device, the Solid Phase Receptacle (SPR), serves as the solid phase as well as a pipettor for the assay. Reagents for the assay are in the sealed TNiU Reagent Strips.

The sample is transferred into the wells containing anti-cardiac troponin I antibodies labeled with alkaline phosphatase (conjugate). The sample/conjugate mixture is cycled in and out of the SPR for a specified length of time. Troponin I present in the specimen will bind to the anticardiac troponin I immunoglobulin coating the interior of the SPR. Unbound sample components are washed away.

A fluorescent substrate, 4-methylumbelliferyl phosphate, is introduced into the SPR. Enzyme remaining on the SPR wall will catalyze the conversion of the substrate to the fluorescent product 4-methylumbelliferone. The optical scanner in the instrument measures the intensity of fluorescence. When the ViDAS TNiU assay is completed, the results are analyzed automatically by the computer, a test value is generated, and a report is printed for each sample.

# E. Intended Use

VIDAS Troponin I Ultra (TNIU) Assay is an automated quantitative test for use on the VIDAS instruments for the determination of human cardiac troponin I in serum or plasma (lithium heparinate) using the ELFA (Enzyme-Linked Fluorescent Assay) technique.

# F. Technological Characteristics Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDASO TNIU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension RxL® CTNI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One-step automated immunoassay based onsandwich principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative determination of human cardiactroponin I in human serum or plasma (lithiumheparinate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An aid in the diagnosis of mycocardial infarction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum or plasma (lithium heparin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Capture: mouse monoclonal antibodyConjugate: mouse monoclonal antibodylabeled with alkaline phosphatase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS® TNIU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension RxL® CTNI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Phase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid Phase Receptacle (SPR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chrome</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final Detection oftroponin-I antigen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluorescence (ELFA) of 4-methyl-umbelliferyl measured at 450 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Colorimetric rate measurement at 510nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 to 30 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 to 40 µg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No hook effect found up toconcentrations of 1000 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No hook effect found up toconcentrations of 1800 μg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~20 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~17 minutes</td></tr></table>

# G.Performance Data

Nonclinical Testing

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension® RxL CTNI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VIDAS® TNIU</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5% of 101 apparentlyhealthy patients had valuesof 0.00 -0.05 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99% of 747 patients with nocardiac symptoms hadvalues of &lt;0.01 μg/l</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6-1.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11 μg/l</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificityCardiac Troponin TCardiac Tropponin CSkeletal Troponin I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/L: 0.34%1000 μg/L: 0.00%1000 μg/L: 0.04%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/L: 0.2%1000 μg/L: &lt;0.0011000 μg/L: &lt;0.001</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Detection Limit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04 μg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01 μg/l</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dilution - Recovery Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6-106.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80-120%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferenceBilirubinHemoglobinLipemia (triglycerides)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference20 mg/dL1000 mg/dL3000 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No significant interference510 μM332 μM30 mg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1800 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 μg/l</td></tr></table>

# Clinical Testing

Five-hundred and thirty-four samples were tested with both the VIDAS® TNIU Assay (Y) and the Dimension RxL ® CTNI Assay (X). Data from the sample comparison study was evaluated with a Passing-Bablok method and correlation coefficient and produced the following results:

$\curlyvee = 0 . 4 2 \times$ Confidence interval for the slope: 0.38-0.44 Correlation coefficient $\mathtt { \mathtt { = 0 . 9 7 } }$

# H. Conclusion

The VIDAS Troponin 1 Ultra (TNIU) Assay is substantially equivalent to the Dimension RxL® Cardiac Troponin I (CTNI) Assay.

The 510(k) summary includes only information that is also covered in the body of the 510(k). The summary does not contain any puffery or unsubstantiated labeling claims. The summary does not contain any raw data, i.e., contains only summary data. The summary does not contain any trade secret or confidential commercial information. The summary does not contain any patient identification information.

# DEC 1 4 2007

bioMérieux, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Nikita S. Mapp   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist 595 Anglum Road   
Hazelwood, MO 63042

Re: k063243 Trade/Device Name: Vidas Troponin I Ultra (TNIU) Assay, Model 30 448 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine Phosphokinase/Creatine Kinase or Isoenzymes Test System. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: MMI Dated: September 14, 2007 Received: September 17, 2007

Dear Ms. Mapp:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K063243

Device Name: VIDAS Troponin I Ultra (TNIU)

Indication For Use: VIDAS® Troponin I Ultra is an automated quantitative test for use on the VIDAS instruments for the determination of human cardiac troponin I in human serum or plasma (lithium heparin) using the ELFA (Enzymc-Linked Fluorescent Assay) technique. VIDAS Troponin I Ultra is intended to be used as an aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

Prescription Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)