Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. K063605

# 510(k) SUMMARY

Submitted By:

Charles P. Gill Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123 614-317-1909 Voice 614-317-1941 Fax

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.2.

Name of Device: Trade Name:

ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH Assay

Classification Name:

Parathyroid Hormone Test System

Predicate Device:

Roche Diagnostics Corp., Elecsys Parahyroid Hormone Test System K992680

Intended Use:

The Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH is designed for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the quantitative measurement of Intact Parathyroid Hormone (Intact PTH) in human serum and EDTA plasma on specific TOSOH AIA System analyzers.

The Tosoh AIA-PACK Intact PTH CONTROL SET is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for performing quality control procedures with the ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH Assay

The Tosoh AIA-PACK Intact PTH CALIBRATOR SET is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH.

Device Description:

The ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH is a two-site immunoenzymometric assay which is performed entirely in the AIA-PACK Intact PTH present in the test sample is bound with polyclonal antibody immobilized on magnetic beads and enzyme-labeled polyclonal antibody in the AIA- PACK.

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. K063605

# Performance Characteristics:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≈1.0 pg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-2200 pg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample          Mean    STDV   CV%(pg/ml)   (pg/ml)Serum A3       27.7     1.005     3.6Serum B3     243.6     8.936     3.7Serum C3    1123.5    44.540     4.0Plasma A3     27.1     1.320     4.9Plasma B3    247.1    11.497     4.7Plasma C3    1217.2   44.159     3.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correlation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of samples Measured: 153Y = 1.013x - 10.457R= 0.997</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (Mean ±SD%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample             Percent Recovery (%)Serum A1          100.3, 103.0, 100.6Serum B1           109.0, 103.6, 98.1Serum C1           108.5, 107.8, 99.8Plasma A1          108.8, 106.0, 104.4Plasma B1          108.4, 104.3, 106.4Plasma C1          104.2, 105.7, 100.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous Substance Interferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference is defined to be recovery outside of10% of the known specimen mean concentration.Hemoglobin (up to 440 mg/dL), free bilirubin(up to 17 mg/dL) and conjugated bilirubin (upto 17 mg/dL) do not interfere with the assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and/or EDTA Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The interval given here was determined in EDTAplasma samples.Reference interval = 8.2 - 83.5 pg/mLSample Range = 9.5 - 98 pg/ml</td></tr></table>

Conclusions: This data demonstrates the safety and effectiveness of the ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH Assay for its intended in vitro diagnostic use.

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. K063605

The magnetic beads are washed to remove unbound enzyme-labeled polyclonal antibody and are then incubated with a fluorogenic substrate 4-methylumbelliferyl phosphate (4MUP). The amount of enzyme-labeled polyclonal antibody that binds to the beads is directly proportional to Intact PTH concentration in the test sample. A standard curve is constructed, and unknown sample concentrations are calculated using this curve.

# Technological Comparison to Predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay /Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Elecsys Intact PTHassay (k992680)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parathyroid Hormone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Parathyroid Hormone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Tosho Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH is designed for INVITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY forthe quantitative measurement of IntactParathyroid Hormone (Intact PTH) inhuman serum and EDTA plasma onspecific TOSOH AIA System analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitativedetermination of intactparathyroid hormone and fordifferential diagnosis ofhypercalcemia andhypocalcemia.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA - Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA - Plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AssayFormat</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IEMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ICMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result ReadTime</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 20 Minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9- 18 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≈1.0 pg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≈ 1.20 pg/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NormalRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2 - 83.5 pg/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 - 65 pg/ml</td></tr></table>

# JUN 2 1 2007

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. c/o Charles Gill 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123

Re: k063605 Trade/Device Name: ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH; ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH CALIBRATOR SET; ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH CONTROL SET Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1545 Regulation Name: Parathyroid hormone test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CEW, JIT, JJX Dated: June 13, 2007 Received: June 20, 2007

Dear Mr. Gill:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

K063605

Device Name:

ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH

Indications For Use:

ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH is designed for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the quantitative measurement of the levels of parathyroid hormone in human serum and EDTA plasma on specific TOSOH AIA System analyzers. Measurements of parathyroid hormone levels are used in the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia (abnormally high levels of calcium in the blood) and hypocalcemia (abnormally low levels of calcium in the blood) resulting from disorders of calcium metabolism.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name:

# ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH CALIBRATOR SET

Indications For Use:

The ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH CALIBRTOR SET is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

K063605

Device Name:

AIA-PACK Intact PTH CONTROL SET

Indications For Use:

The AIA-PACK Intact PTH CONTROL SET is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for performing quality control procedures with the ST AIA-PACK Intact PTH Assay.