# 510 (k) Summary

In accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990, and 21 CFR 807.92, this S10(k) Summary is provided:

1.

# Submitted by:

AgaMatrix, Inc.

10 Manor Parkway

Salem NH 03079

Contact Person: Connie Hertel Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs Phone: (603) 328 - 6051 Fax: (603) 893-4191

Date Prepared: 09 November 2006

# 2. Device Name:

Trade/Proprietary Name:Liberty™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Common/Usual Name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Classification Name: Glucose test system (per 21 CFR 862.1345)   
Class: II   
Panel: Chemistry

# 3. Predicate Device:

The LibertyT Blood Glucose Monitoring System with the extended indication for Monitoring System for finger and palm stick, cleared under k052762.

# 4. Description of the Device

The AgaMatrix Liberty Blood Glucose Monitoring System includes a meter with batteres, copact carryig casc, quick start guide, referece guide, owners bookle, and warranty/registration card. Test Strips, Lancing device, Lancets, and Control Solution are purchased separatcly.

It is intended for ovcr-the-counter home use by diabetics to monitor their blood e  clet e salsTe tests fresh capillary whole blood. The meter is a portable, battery-operated instrument.

# 510(k) Summary (Continued)

# 5. Intended use of the Device

The Libe BlooGluco Mni ystend vey measure blood glucose levels, also known as blood sugar, from fresh capillary System is not intended for use with neonates.

# 6Summary of the technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate device

The Liberty™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System has identical materials and Design as the cleared device..

# 7. Testing

The manufacturer of the Liberty Blood Glucose Monitoring System certifies that its device complies with the following:

ISO 15197:2003 In vitro diagnostic test systems  Requirements for bloodglucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus

ISO 14971:2000 Medical deviccs - Application of risk management to medical devices

IEC 61010-1 Medical electrical equipment - General rcquirements for safety

IEC 61010-2-101 Safety requirements for clcctrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use - particular requirements fot in vitr diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment

IEC 61000-4-3 Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

# 8 Conclusions

Based upon the testing and comparison to the finger stick indication of use, the LibertyBlood Glucose Monitoring System has the same intended uses, with identical technological characteristics as the predicate device. The system performs as intended and raiscs no new safety of effectiveness issues.

Ms. Connie Hertel   
Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs AgaMatrix Inc.   
10 Manor Parkway   
Salem, NH 03079

JAN 1 2 2007

Re: k063409 Trade/Device Name: LIBERTYTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ EMPY Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: November 9, 2006 Received: November 13, 2006

Dear Ms. Hertel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If yourdevic is classified (see above) into either class I (Specil Controls) or lass II (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K063409

Device Name: Liberty Blood Glucose Monitoring System Forearm Claim

Indications For Use:

# AaMatrix LibertBlood Glucose Monitoring Sstm:

AgaMatrix Liberty' Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertip, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the boy (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC)) by persons with diabees cinicl settg ealhae proessnals, asn id monior te ivess  d control. It is not intended for use with neonates.

# AgaMatrix LibertyBlood Glucose Meter:

AgaMatrix LibertyBlood Glucose Meter is intended for use with AgaMatrix Liberty™Blood Glucose Test Strips for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. Testing is done he oy nuI   omvr her y with diabetes,or in a clinical setting byhealthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the efectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix LibertBlood Glucose Tes

i ibyu Mi Glucose Meter or the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood.Testing is done he oy n iuseIdat us ov tec y p with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the efectiveness of diabetes control.

# AMatx LbColSols Noral even Hve

AgaMatrx Liberty' Control Solutions are intended for use with the AgaMatrix Liberty Meter and A  S    ec results.

Prescription Use _X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) i.

Over-The-Counter Use _X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)