# 510(k) SUMMARY

This Summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is: __k063647

# A. Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92 the following information provides sufficent detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

B. Submitter's information Name: Address:

Thermo Electron Oy   
Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
FIN-01621 Vantaa   
Finland   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax   
Päivi Sormunen, Vice President of QRC   
December 05, 2006   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Contact person:   
Date of Preparation:

# C. Device name

Proprietary name: Common name: Classification: Class: Product Code: Regulation Number

CYSTATIN C, (code 981911)   
Cystatin C   
Clinical Chemistry   
II   
NDY   
21CFR 862.1225

Proprietary name: Common Name: Classification: Class: Product Code: Regulation Number

CYSTATIN C CALIBRATOR, (code 981912)

Calibrator   
Clinical Chemistry   
II   
JIT   
21CFR 862.1150

Proprietary name: Common Name: Classification: Class: Product Code: Regulation Number

CYSTATIN C CONTROL, (code 981913)   
Control (Assayed and unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry   
I   
JJX   
21CFR 862.1660   
Proprietary name: CYSTATIN C CONTROL HIGH, (code 981914)   
Common Name: Control (Assayed and unassayed)   
Classification: Clinical Chemistry   
Class: I   
Product Code: JJX   
Regulation Number 21CFR 862.1660

# D. Intended Use

CYSTATIN C

For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative determination of the Cystatin C concentration in human serum, Li-heparin plasma and EDTA plasma on T60 analyzers.

# CYSTATIN C CALIBRATOR

Cystatin C Calibrator is intended for in vitro diagnostic use on T60 analyzer. Cystatin C Calibrator is used as a calibrator for quantification of Cystatin C in serum and plasma by immunoturbidimetry using methods defined by Thermo Electron Oy

CYSTATIN C CONTROL Cystatin C Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use on T60 analyzer. Cystatin C Control is used as a quality control to monitor precision of the Cystatin C test using methods defined by Thermo Electron Oy.

# CYSTATIN C CONTROL HIGH

Cystatin C Control High is intended for in vitro diagnostic use on T60 analyzer. Cystatin C Control High is used as a quality control serum to monitor precision of the Cystatin C test using methods defined by Thermo Electron Oy

# E. Indications for use

The Cystatin C is intended for quantitative in-vitro diagnostic determination of Cystatin C in human serum or Li-heparin plasma and EDTA plasma using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers.

Cystatin C measurements in serum and plasma are used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases.

For Cystatin C Calibrator, Cystatin C Control and Cystatin C Control High, see intended use

# F. Substantial Equivalence

The Cystatin C is substantially equivalent to the Dako Cystatin C reagent (K041627) with respect to indications for use, device design, materials and operational principles. The basic differences between the new device and Dako predicate device are the instruments used for testing. The Dako device can be used on commercially available turbidimetry and nephelometry analyzers, while the T60 device can be used on only T60 analyzers.

Y-tunnus 0921547-0 www.thermo.com   
VAT No FI09215470   
Domicile Helsinki

# G. Substantial equivalence -similarities

Cystatin C is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in United States. We claim equivalence to the Dako Cystatin C test.

The following table compares the Cystatin C with the predicate device.   
Table 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New device #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intented Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination of theCystatin C concentration in humanserum, Li-heparin plasma andEDTA plasma on T60 analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Immunoparticlesare intended for thequantitative determination ofcystatin C in human serum,heparinized plasma and EDTAplasma by turbidimetry andnephelometry. Cystatin Cmeasurements are used as anaid in the diagnosis andtreatment of renal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C is intended forquantitative in-vitro diagnosticdetermination of Cystatin C inhuman serum or Li-heparinplasma and EDTA plasma usingT60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers.Cystatin C measurements in serumand plasma are used as an aid inthe diagnosis and treatment ofrenal diseases.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Immunoparticles areintended for the quantitativedetermination of cystatin C inhuman serum, heparinizedplasma and EDTA plasma byturbidimetry and nephelometry.Cystatin C measurements areused as an aid in diagnosis andtreatment of renal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Particle enhancedimmunoturbidimetric</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Particle enhancedimmunoturbidimetric</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability/Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The value of Cystatin C has beenassigned by using a precisetransfer protocol ensuringtraceability to a pure recombinantCystatin C preparation, where theCystatin C concentration wasestablished by dry massdetermination.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The value of Cystatin C has beenassigned by using a precisetransfer protocol ensuringtraceability to a pure recombinantCystatin C preparation, where theCystatin C concentration wasestablished by dry massdetermination.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, Li-heparin plasmaand EDTA plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum, heparinizedplasma and EDTA plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2°C - 8°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store at 2°C - 8°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Individuals 1-50 years of age:0.55-1.15 mg/LIndividuals &gt;50 years of age:0.63-1.44 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Individuals 1-50 years of age:0.55-1.15 mg/LIndividuals &gt;50 years of age:0.63-1.44 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T60 and DPC T60i, DPC T60iKusti</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hitachi 911, Hitachi 917, CobasMira Plus and IMMAGE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.44 - 7.0 mg/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~0.4-7.5 mg/L</td></tr></table>

Ratastie 2 $+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel Y-tunnus 0921547-0 www.themmo.com P.O. Box 100 $+ 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax VAT No FI09215470 FIN-01621 Vantaa Domicile Helsinki Finland

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New device #1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within runLevel 0.70 mg/LSD=0.010CV(%)= 1.4Level 1.49 mg/LSD = 0.039CV(%) = 2.6Cystatin C Control1.03 mg/LSD = 0.028CV(%) = 2.7Cystatin C High Control4.59 mg/LSD = 0.054CV(%) = 1.2Between runLevel 0.70 mg/LSD= 0.011CV(%) = 1.5Level 1.49 mg/LSD= 0.006CV(%) = 0.4Cystatin C Control1.03 mg/LSD = 0.032CV(%) = 3.1Cystatin C High Control4.59 mg/LSD = 0.038CV(%) = 0.8TotalLevel 0.70 mg/LSD = 0.016CV(%) = 2.3Level 1.49 mg/LSD = 0.038CV(%) = 2.6Cystatin C Control1.03 mg/LSD = 0.044CV(%) = 4.2Cystatin C High Control4.59 mg/LSD = 0.074CV(%) = 1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results obtained on Hitachi 917following the NCCLS EP5-ATotalCystatin C Control 1CV(%) = 2.1Cystatin C Control 2CV(%) = 2.6Human Serum Pool LowCV(%) = 5.9Human Serum Pool MediumCV(%) = 2.0Human Serum Pool HighCV(%) = 2.3</td></tr><tr><td>Method Comparison</td><td>y = 0.94x + 0.091 r =0.9988 Range 0.21 to 6.58 mg/L n=54</td><td>Dade Behring N Latex Cystatin C Test Kit Dade Behring Prospec Nephelometer Heparinized plasma samples: y = 0.6954x + 0.214 r=0.9865 n= 190</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Limitations</td><td>Lipemia: No interference found up to 800 mg/dL of IntralipidTM (trademark</td><td>Triglyceride No interference was found for triglyceride up to 15 g/L (1500</td></tr><tr><td>of Fresenius Kabi AB) No interference found up to 1500 mg/dL of triglycerides</td><td>mg/dL) Hemoglobin No interference was found for hemoglobin up to 10 g/L (1000</td></tr><tr><td>Hemoglobin: No interference found up to 1000 mg/dl of hemoglobin in</td><td>mg/dL) Bilirubin, conjugated</td></tr><tr><td>hemolysate Bilirubin, conjugated: No interference found up to</td><td>No interference was found for conjugated bilirubin up to 600 mg/L (60 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td>58.5 mg/dl of conjugated bilirubin Bilirubin, unconjugated: No interference found up to 58.5 mg/dl of unconjugated</td><td>Bilirubin, nonconjugated No interference was found for nonconjugated bilirubin up to 600 mg/L (60 mg/dL) Rheumatoid factor</td></tr></table>

Paivi Sormunen   
Thermo Electron Oy   
Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
Vantaa 01621   
Finland

# MAR 1 2 2007

Re: k063647 Trade/Device Name: Cystatin c antiserum, calibrator, control and control high Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Creatinine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NDY, JJX, JIT Dated: December 05, 2006 Received: December 15, 2006

Dear Mr. Sormunen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Cooes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k063647

Device Names:

Cystatin C Cystatin C calibrator Cystatin C control Cystatin C Control High

# Indications for Use:

Cystatin C is intended for quantitative in-vitro diagnostic determination of Cystatin C in human serum or Li-heparin plasma and EDTA plasma by turbidimetry using T60 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers.

Cystatin C measurements in serum and plasma are used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases.

Cystatin C Calibrator is intended for in vitro diagnostic use on T60 analyzer. Cystatin C Calibrator is used as a calibrator for quantification of Cystatin C in serum and plasma by immunoturbidimetry using methods defined by Thermo Electron Oy.

Cystatin C Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use on T60 analyzer. Cystatin C Control is used as a quality control to monitor precision of the Cystatin C test using methods defined by Thermo Electron Oy.

Cystatin C Control High is intended for in vitro diagnostic use on T60 analyzer. Cystatin C Control High is used as a quality control serum to monitor precision of the Cystatin C test using methods defined by Thermo Electron Oy.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of GDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Page 1_ of _1 sion Sign-Off 1n Vit Piagnostic Device K063647