# T51k070835

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety an effectiveness nformation s being umitted in accorance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Submitter name, address, contact

Olympus Life and Material Science Europa GmbH Lismeehan, O'Callaghan's Mills Co. Clare, Ireland

U.S. Telephone: 469-230-0959   
U.S. Fax: 972-317-7861   
Telephone: 011-353-65-683-1100

Contact Person: Stephanie G. Schwartz

Date Prepared: March 25, 2007

Device name

Proprietary Name:

Common Name: CK-MB Reagent

Classification Name: Colorimetric Method, CPK or Isoenzymes test system.

Predicate device

Reagent:

Submitted (K971817)

Device description

# In this Olympus procedure:

The R1 reagent antibody binds to the M subunit of CK in the serum sample. − The B subunit  the enzyme acts on the substrate present i the R2 reagent. CK reversibly catalyzes the transfer of a phosphate group from creatine phosphate to ADP to give creatine and ATP. The ATP is used to produce glucose-6-phosphate and ADP, catalyzed by hexokinase (HK) which requires magnesium ions for maximum activity. The glucose-6-phosphate is oxidized by the action of the enzyme G6P-DH with simultaneous reduction of the coenzyme NADP to give NADPH and 6-phosphogluconate. The rate of increase of absorbance at 340/660 nm due to the foationA y oional  ctivy  C MB in the sample.

5.Intended use

System reagent for the quantitative determination of Creatine Kinase-MB isoenzyme in human serum and plasma on Olympus analyzers.

# 510(k) Summary

The assigned 510(k) numbers K070835

6.

The following Tables compare the new Olympus CK-MB (OSR6x155) reagent with the current Olympus CK-MB (OSR6x53) reagent.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus CK-MB (OSR6x155) reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for the quantitativedetermination of Creatine Kinase-MBisoenzyme in human serum and plasmaon Olympus analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System reagent for the quantitativedetermination of Creatine Kinase-MBisoenzyme in human serum andplasma on Olympus analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus AU400/400, 600/640/640and 2700/5400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and heparinized plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoenzymes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody to CK-M subunit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procedure is based upon a theoreticalextinction coefficient.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 - 10 U/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus CK-MB (OSR6x155) reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This Olympus CK procedureisamodification of the IFCC method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This OlympusCK procedure isamodification of the Szasz method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent storage form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiquidOn -board storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReconstitutedOn -board storage</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: Mix R1-2 into R1-1 before placingon instrument.R2 Ready for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1: Dissolve the contents of one R1 Lyocompletely with the contents of one bottleof R1 Buffer.R2: Dissolve the contents of one R2 Lyocompletely with the contents of one bottleof R2 Buffer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On Board Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opened reagents are stable for 30days when stored in the refrigeratedcompartment of the analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstituted reagents are stable for 5days when stored in the refrigeratedcompartment of the analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyclonal anti CK-M goat antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyclonal anti CK-M sheep antibody</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration of this CK-MB procedure isbased upon the theoretical extinctioncoefficient for NADPH, which has a molarabsorptivity of 6300 at340/660 nm.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration of this CK-MB procedure isbased upon the theoretical extinctioncoefficient for NADP, which has a molarabsorptivity     of     4960     at340/380 nm.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4">Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td>Item Precision</td><td>Olympus CK-MB (OSR6x155) reagent</td><td>Predicate System</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="8"></td><td>AU400/400</td><td>AU400/400</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sample Total CV%</td><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td>4.26</td><td>1</td><td>2.85</td></tr><tr><td>1.31 1.10</td><td>N3</td><td>0.65</td></tr><tr><td>N3</td><td></td><td>0.52</td></tr><tr><td>AU600/640/640</td><td></td><td>AU600/640/640</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>Total CV%</td><td>Sample Total CV%</td></tr><tr><td>1 5.05</td><td>1</td><td>9.12</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary

The assiged 1oKo70835

<table><tr><td></td><td>Nm 1.15 0.90 AU2700/5400 Sample Total CV% 1 3.50 2 1.13</td><td>N3 Sample 1 2</td><td>1.62 0.73 AU2700/5400 Total CV% 5.59 3.54</td></tr><tr><td>Assay Range</td><td>3 1.21 10 to 2000 U/L</td><td>3</td><td>3.76 10 to 2000 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Sensitivity</td><td>Typical change in absorbance per minute for 1 U/L of CK-MB is approximately 0.12 mAbsorbance</td><td></td><td>Typical change in absorbance per minute for 1 U/L of CK-MB is approximately 0.08 mAbsorbance</td></tr><tr><td>Method Comparison (Linear Regression)</td><td>Intercept 2.207 Slope 1.061 $R^{2}$ 1.000 Range</td><td>12-1860 U/L</td><td>intercept 2.700 Slope 0.965 R^{2}$ 1.000 Range 2-1881 U/L</td></tr><tr><td>Interfering Substances</td><td>AU600/640/640 Bilirubin: Interference less than 10% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Lipemia: Interference less than 15% up to 900 mg/dL Intralipid AU400/400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 10% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Lipemia: Interference less than 10% up to 900 mg/dL Intralipid AU2700/5400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 6% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Lipemia: Interference less than 20% up</td><td></td><td>AU600/640/640 Bilirubin: Interference less than 3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Lipemia: Interference less than 10% up to 200 mg/dL Intralipid AU400/400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 3% up to 40 mg/dL Bilirubin Lipemia: Interference less than 3% up to 1000 mg/dL Intralipid AU2700/5400 Bilirubin: Interference less than 10%</td></tr></table>

Olympus Life & Material Science   
Europa GMBH (Irish Branch)   
c/o Ms. Stephanie Schwartz   
Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance Manager Lismeehan, O'Callaghan's Mills, CO.   
Clare, Ireland

Re: k070835 Trade/Device Name: Olympus CK-MB Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JHY Dated: March 24, 2007 Received: March 27, 2007

Dear Ms. Schwartz:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k070835

Device Name: Olympus CK-MB Reagent

Indications For Use:

System reagent for the quantitative determination of Creatine Kinase-MB isoenzyme in human serum and heparinized plasma on OLYMPUS analyzers

Measurements of Creatine Kinase are used in the diagnosis and treatment of myocardial infarction and muscle diseases such as progressive, Duchenne-type muscular dystrophy.

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

LoM sotir Disioon-off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 5101 K070835

Page 1 of