# JUL 30 2007

# 5. 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The Assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is K070929

# Submitter's Identification:

ACON Laboratories, Inc. 4108 Sorrento Valley Boulevard San Diego, California 92121

Tel.: 858-875-8028   
Fax: 858-875-8099

Date Prepared: June 27, 2007

# Contact Person:

Jinn-nan Lin, Ph.D. V.P., Regulatory Affairs

# Proprietary Name of the Device:

ACON™ U120 Urine Analyzer

# Common Name:

Urine Chemistry Analyzer

# Regulation Section and Classification:

21 CFR $\$ 862.2900$ Automated Urinalysis System   
21 CFR $\$ 862.1340$ Urinary Glucose (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1115 Urinary Bilirubin and its Conjugates (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1435 Ketones (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S$ 864.6550 Occult Blood Test   
21 CFR $\$ 862.1550$ Urinary pH (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 4 5$ Urinary Protein or Albumin (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 7 8 5$ Urinary Urobilinogen (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 5 1 0$ E Nitrite (Non-Quantitative) Test System   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 4 . 7 6 7 5$ Leukocyte Peroxidase Test   
21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 0 9 5$ EMPY Ascorbic Acid Test System

Class I: Automated Urinalysis System; Urinary Leukocytes, Urinary pH, Nitrite, Urinary Protein, Ketones, Urinary Urobilinogen, Urinary Bilirubin, Specific Gravity and Ascorbic Acid

Class II: Urinary Glucose and Occult Blood

# Product Code:

KQO Automated Urinalysis System   
JIL Urinary Glucose (non-quant.) test system   
JIO Blood, Occult, Colorimetric, in urine   
LJX Test, Urine Leukocyte   
CEN Urinary, pH (non-quant.)   
JMT Nitrite (urinary, non-quant.) test system   
JIR Protein or Albumin (urinary, non-quant.) test system   
JIN Ketones (urinary, non-quant.) test system   
CDM Urinary Urobilinogen (non-quant.) test system   
JJB Urinary Bilirubin & its conjugates (urinary, non-quant.) test system   
JMA Acid, Ascorbic, 2, 4-Dinitrophenylhydrazine (Spectrophotometric)

# Medical Specialty:

Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device:

Bayer Clinitek Status Urine Chemistry Analyzer   
Bayer Healthcare, LLC, marketed by Bayer Healthcare, LLC, located at Medfield, MA 02052, USA.   
510(k) Number: K031947

# Description:

The U120 Urine Analyzer is a reflectance photometer that analyzes the intensity and color of light reflected from the reagent areas of a urinalysis reagent strip. Without a urine analyzer, operators must visually compare the reagent areas of the strip to a color chart using the naked eye. Obviously, visual determination for urinalysis is a time consuming task and is prone to inaccuracy due to human misinterpretation and variable light sources. To minimize the variability associated with visual testing, the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer is specifically designed for improved accuracy and efficiency of urinalysis featuring data management and report generation capabilities.

# Intended Use:

The ACON™M U120 Urine Analyzer is intended for use in conjunction with the ACON Urinalysis Reagent Strips for the semi-quantitative detection of the following analytes in urine: Glucose, Bilirubin, Ketone (Acetoacetic Acid), Specific Gravity, pH, Blood, Protein, Urobilinogen, Leukocytes and Ascorbic Acid as well as the qualitative detection of Nitrite. The ACON Urinalysis Reagent Strips are available in different combinations of the aforementioned analytes. The instrument is intended for professional, in vitro diagnostic use only. The measurement can be used in general evaluation of health, and aids in the diagnosis and monitoring of metabolic or systemic diseases that affect kidney function, endocrine disorders and diseases or disorders of the urinary tract.

# Technological Characteristics:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FeatureA630</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specifications</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reflectance Photometer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Photosensitive diode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Test Mode: 40 tests/hourContinuous Test Mode: 120 tests/hour</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Last 500 results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Incubation Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 minute</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PC Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard RS232C Port (cable not included)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Printing Capabilities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Internal heat-sensitive printer (included)External printer (not included)25 Pin Parallel External Printer Port (included)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available Languages on Screen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>English and Spanish</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ambient Operating Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-40°C (32-104°F); ≤85% Relative Humidity (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Optimum Operating Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-30°C (59-86°F); ≤75% Relative Humidity (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220 Volts AC (±10%), 50 Hz (±1)110 Volts AC (±10%), 60 Hz (±1) 110-230V AC, 50/60Hz</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Line Leakage Current</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5 mA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6 kg (5.73 lbs)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1 (L) × 26.5 (W) × 14.8 (H) cm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6 (W) × 2.8 (H) cm</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

The ACON U120 Urine Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the Bayer Clinitek Status Urine Chemistry Analyzer, K03 1947.

# Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Studies were conducted in-house and in clinical setting to demonstrate the performance of the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer and that the intended user can easily operate the system and obtain urinalysis results as the predicate device.

# Laboratory Testing:

The performance characteristics of the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer were verified by many tests including temperature flex study, humidity flex study, voltage flex study, repeatability study, readability study, electric security testing, device comparison study, configuration tests and operation tests.

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

Clinical studies were conducted using the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer. Clinical study data are presented and clinical accuracy between the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer and Bayer Clinitek Status Urine Chemistry Analyzer per ACON clinical study protocol for U120 Urine Analyzer is compared. Study results indicate that the inexperienced intended users were able to obtain comparable testing results when using the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer and a legally marketed Bayer Clinitek Status Urine Chemistry Analyzer (K031947).

# Conclusion:

The laboratory testing and clinical study results demonstrated that the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer is safe, accurate and easy-to-use. It is also demonstrated that the ACON U120 Urine Analyzer is substantially equivalent to the Bayer Clinitek Status Urine Chemistry Analyzer (K031947), currently sold on the U.S. market.

# JUL 3 0 2007

Acon Laboratories, Inc. c/o Mr. Martin O'Connor Germaine Laboratories, Inc. 4139 Gardendale Center #101 San Antonio TX, 78229

Re: k070929 Trade/Device Name: AconTM U120 Urine Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1340 Regulation Name: Urinary glucose (non-quantitative) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIL, JIO, LJX, JRE, CEN, JMT, JIR, JIN CDM, JJB, JMA, KQO Dated: May 30, 2006 Received: June 4, 2007

Dear Mr. O'Connor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number(i know) K070929

Device Name: ACON U120 Urine Analyzer

Indications for Use:

The ACONTM U120 Urine Analyzer is intended for use in conjunction with the ACON Urinalysis Reagent Strips for the semi-quantitative detection of the following analytes in urine: Glucose, Bilirubin, Ketone (Acetoacetic Acid), Specific Gravity, pH, Blood, Protein, Urobilinogen, Leukocytes and Ascorbic Acid as well as the qualitative detection of Nitrite. The ACON Urinalysis Reagent Strips are available in different combinations of the aforementioned analytes. The instrument is intended for professional, in vitro diagnostic use only. The measurement can be used in general evaluation of health, and aids in the diagnosis and monitoring of metabolic or systemic diseases that affect kidney function, endocrine disorders and diseases or disorders of the urinary tract.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Caf Genar

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

Page 1 of _1

K070929