# 510 (k) Summary

# K070941

JUN 2 1 2007

# Page 1-of-2

1. Submitter Information   
Company name   
Contact person   
Address   
TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
Erica Li   
4F, No. 88, Sec. 1, Kwang-Fu Rd,   
San-Chung, Taipei County,   
241, Taiwan   
(886-2) 6635-8080   
(886-2) 6635-5959   
erica@taidoc.com   
Mar $3 0 ^ { \mathfrak { h } }$ , 2007   
Phone   
FAX   
E-mail   
Date Prepared

Name of Device Trade Names

Clever Chek Health Care System Software Data management software

Common Names Classification Names and Regulations

a) Calculator/data processing module for clinical use, Class I, 21CFR862.2100 b) Glucose Test System, Class II, 21CFR862.1345 c) Noninvasive Blood Pressure Measurement System, Class II, 21CFR870.1130,

Predicate Device Trade/Proprietary Name: Common/Usual Name: Submitter 510 (k) Number

Camit Diabetes Management Software Data management software Roche Diagnostics Corporation K001907

# Device Description

The Clever Chek Health Care System Software is an optional software accessory for use with the following models with data management capabilities: a)Clever Chek blood glucose meters, b) Clever Chek blood glucose plus blood pressure monitors, and c) Clever blood pressure monitors. When use with one of these meters, Clever Chek Health Care System Software transfers data from the device's memory into a computer for enhanced data management.

# 5Intended Use

The Clever Chek Health Care System Software is intended for use in home and clinical settings as an aid for people with diabetes and their health care professionals to review, analyze and evaluate the historical test results to support health management effectively.

# 6.Comparison to Predicate Device

The Clever Chek Health Care System Software is substantially equivalent to the Camit Diabetes Management Software (K001907). Both management software programs can be described as follows:

- have the same intended use.   
- data transferred from the device cannot be changed or modified in any way.

# 7. Performance Studies

Testing of Clever Chek Health Care System Software included validation of hardware (data transfer through the cable) software and user evaluation. It demonstrated that the system meets its intended use.

# 8. Conclusion

Clever Chek Health Care System Software demonstrates satisfactory performance and is suitable for its intended use.

TaiDoc Technology Corporation c/o Ms. Erica (Pi-Shiou) Li Management Representative 4F, No. 88, Sec. 1, Kwang-Fu Rd. San-Chung, Taipei County Taiwan 241

JUN 2 1 2007

Re: k070941 Trade/Device Name: Clever Chek Health Care System Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, DXN Dated: March 30, 2007 Received: April 04, 2007

Dear Ms. Li:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K070941

Device Name: Clever Chek Health Care System Software

Indications for Use:

The Clever Chek Health Care System Software is an optional software accessory for use with the following models with data management capabilities: a) Clever Chek blood glucose meters, b) Clever Chek blood glucose plus blood pressure monitors, and c) Clever blood pressure monitors. When use with one of these meters, Clever Chek Health Care System Software transfers data from the device's memory into a computer for enhanced data management.

The Clever Chek Health Care System Software is intended for use in home and clinical settings as an aid for users and their health care professionals to review, analyze and evaluate the historical test results to support health management effectively.

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use _X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Page 1 of _1_ Division Sign-Off Office of n Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 5101k) (070941