$5 1 0 ( k )$ Summary

APR 10 2007

Per 21 CFR §807.92

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>March 27, 2007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Street Address</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360 South Loop Road</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>City, State Zip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-749-5400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-864-4791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dhruma ShahTel No. 510-749-6475Fax No. 510-864-4791dhruma.shah@abbott.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle™m Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Glucose Testing System, GlucoseDehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System (21 CFR §862.1345, Productcode NBW, LFR)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle Freedom™ Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem (K051839)</td></tr></table>

# Description of the Device:

The FreeStyle™M Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) utilizes coulometric biosensor technology found in the FreeStyle Lite test strip to quantitatively measure glucose concentration in whole blood samples or in FreeStyle Control Solutions. The FreeStyle Lite BGMS measures glucose electrochemically. The glucose biosensor is capable of recognizing the glucose present in whole blood by virtue of the glucose specificity of the enzyme glucose dehydrogenase (GDH) present on the glucose test strip.

# Intended Use of the Device:

The FreeStyle Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is specifically indicated for use on the finger, forearm, upper arm, thigh, calf and hand.

The FreeStyle Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in whole blood. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and it is not intended for use on neonates or arterial blood.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(K051839)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject (modified)Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PQQ dependent glucosedehydrogenase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical-(Coulometric)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RecommendedSample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venous or capillary wholeblood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual calibration code entry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No manual calibration codeentry required</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleSize</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 microliter (300 nanoliter)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds (average)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15% to 65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Humidity Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5% to 90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40°-104° F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400 test results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Day averages</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14-day average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-, 14- &amp; 30-day averages</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date/Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Communication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serial Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3V Coin Cell Battery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data:

The performance of the FreeStyle Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System was studied in the laboratory. The results obtained during these studies demonstrated that the FreeStyle Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# Conclusion:

Results of laboratory testing demonstrated that the performance of the FreeStyle™m Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is acceptable and comparable in terms of safety and effectiveness to the performance of the predicate device for blood glucose testing when used according to its intended use.

Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. 1360 South Loop Road Alameda, CA 94502-7000 ATTN: Dhruma Shah

Re: k070850 Trade/Device Name: FreeStyle™M Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ E Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW Dated: March 28, 2007 Received: March 29, 2007

Dear Ms. Shah:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market he device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number : (if known)

Device Name:

Indications for Use:

The FreeStyleTM Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is specifically indicated for use on the finger, forearm, upper arm, thigh, calf and hand.

The FreeStyle™M Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in whole blood. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and it is not intended for use on neonates or arterial blood.

Page 1 of 1