# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys PTH Test System

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-3544

Contact person: Kay A. Taylor

Date prepared: February 8, 2007

# Device name

Proprietary name:

Elecsys PTH Immunoassay Elecsys PTH CalSet

Common name:

Parathyroid Hormone Assay Calibrator

Classification name: Radioimmunoassay, Parathyroid Hormone Calibrator, Secondary

# Device description

(The Elecsys PTH STAT Assay is a two step sandwich immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection. Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2 point calibration and a master curve provided with the reagent bar code.

The Elecsys PTH STAT CalSet is a lyophilized product consisting of human serum with added synthetic PTH in two concentration ranges. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys PTH Test System, Continued

# Intended use

(1) Immunoassay is for the in vitro quantitative determination of intact parathyroid hormone in human serum and plasma for the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia.

(2) Used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys PTH STAT assay for intact PTH (parathyroid hormone) on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Substantial Equivalence

The Elecsys PTH STAT Test System (modified) is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States. The Elecsys PTH STAT Test System (modified) is equivalent to the Elecsys PTH System (K992680).

# Device Comparison

The following table compares the Elecsys PTH STAT Test System (modified) and the predicate device. The predicate labeling used as the source document for the comparison is from that provided to FDA in K961481/A003.

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PTH Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys PTH STAT9 minute application</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentIntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of intactparathyroid hormone in humanserum and plasma for thedifferential diagnosis ofhypercalcemia and hypocalcemia.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorIntended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PTH CalSet is used forcalibrating the quantitative ElecsysPTH assay for intact PTH(parathyroid hormone) on theElecsys immunoassay analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PTH CalSet STAT is used forcalibrating the quantitative Elecsys PTHSTAT assay for intact PTH (parathyroidhormone) on the Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 1010, Elecsys 2010,MODULAR ANALYTICS E170,cobas e 411 and cobas e 601analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 1010, Elecsys 2010, cobas e 411analyzers</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys PTH Test System, Continued

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Comiparison I able</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PTH Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys PTH STAT9 minute application</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total AssayDuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 1010: 9 minute applicationElecsys 2010, cobas e 411 E170,and cobas e 601: 18 minuteapplication</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 minute application only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma treatedwith K3-EDTA.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PTH CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PTH STAT CalSet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20 - 5,000 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyticalsensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.20 pg/mL(0.127 pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum w/ synthetic PTH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet TargetConc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal 1: ~0.05 pg/mLCal 2: ~4500 pg/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against acommercially available PTH test(RIA).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against Elecsys PTH (Cat.No. 11972103). This in turn wasStandardized against a commercial PTHtest (RIA).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hook Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No high dose hook effect at PTHconcentrations up to 17,000 pg/mL.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the monoclonal antibodies used,the following cross-reactivities werefound: Osteocalcin, PTH fragment1-37, bone-specific alkalinephosphatase, and βCrosslaps: nocross-reactivity detectable.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same - reworded to be more clearNo cross-reactivities were found for:Osteocalcin, PTH fragment 1-37,bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, andβ-CrossLaps.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys PTH Test System, Continued

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison lable</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PTH Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys PTH STAT9 minute application</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8° - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened:2-8°C - 12 weeksOn the E170/cobas e 601 andElecsys 2010/cobas e 411:8 weeksOn the Elecsys 1010:4 weeks (stored alternately in therefrigerator and on the analyzer-ambient temperature 20-25°C; up to20 hours opened in total.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameOpened:2-8°C - 12 weeksOn Elecsys 2010/cobas e 411: 8 weeksOn the Elecsys 1010:4 weeks (stored alternately in therefrigerator and on the analyzer- ambienttemperature 20-25°C; up to 20 hoursopened in total.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration must be performed onceper reagent lot using fresh reagent(i.e. not more than 24 hours sincethe reagent kit was registered on theanalyzer).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval,continued</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Renewed calibration isrecommended as follows:E170/cobas e 601 and Elecsys2010/cobas e 411:After 1 month (28 days) when usingthe same reagent lot.After 7 days (when using the samereagent kit on the analyzer).Elecsys 1010:With every reagent kit.After 7 days (20-25°C).After 3 days (25-32°C).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 2010/cobas e 411:After 1 month (28 days) when using thesame reagent lot.After 7 days (when using the samereagent kit on the analyzer).Elecsys 1010:With every reagent kit.After 7 days (20-25°C).After 3 days (25-32°C).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td>Comparison Tabre Feature</td><td>Predicate Device Elecsys PTH Assay</td><td>Modified Device Elecsys PTH STAT 9 minute application</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td>Elecsys 1010/ 2010: Within-run</td><td>Elecsys 1010: Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5.4% CV @ 30.0 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4.0% CV @ 62.2 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4.0% CV @ 271 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5.8% CV @ 44.3 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3.4% CV @ 161 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>3.9% CV @ 702 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5.9% CV @ 30.0 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4.3% CV @ 62.2 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>4.3% CV @ 271 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>7.1% CV @ 44.3 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5.0% CV @ 161 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>5.4% CV @ 702 pg/mL</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>E170:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Within-run</td><td></td><td>Elecsys 2010/cobas e411 Within-run</td></tr><tr><td>2.0% CV @</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1.2% CV @</td><td>25.0 pg/mL</td><td>2.1% CV @ 53.4 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>39.8 pg/mL</td><td>1.7% CV @ 215 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.1% CV @ 2.2% CV @</td><td>139 pg/mL</td><td>1.7% CV @ 980 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2.8% CV @</td><td>82.2 pg/mL</td><td>1.6% CV @ 52.6 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>0.6% CV @</td><td>265 pg/mL</td><td>2.0% CV @ 182 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1,215 pg/mL</td><td>1.8% CV @ 744 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td>Total</td></tr><tr><td>3.4% CV @ 2.5% CV @</td><td>26.4 pg/mL</td><td>3.8% CV @ 53.4 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>91.5 pg/mL</td><td>2.8% CV @ 215 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2.8% CV @</td><td>269 pg/mL</td><td>2.5% CV @ 980 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.7% CV @</td><td>82.7 pg/mL</td><td>1.9% CV @ 52.6 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td>1.6% CV @ 1.6% CV @</td><td>267 pg/mL</td><td>2.5% CV @ 182 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>1,222 pg/mL</td><td>2.2% CV @ 744 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>E170:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Not applicable</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys PTH Test System, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Comparison Table</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PTH Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys PTH STAT9 minute application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The assay is unaffected by:Icterus (bilirubin &lt;1,112 µmol/L or&lt;65 mg/dL,Hemolysis (Hb &lt; 0.932 mmol/L or&lt; 1.5 g/dL),Lipemia (Intralipid &lt; 1,500 mg/dL)Biotin (&lt;205 nmol/L or &lt; 50ng/mL)No interference was observedfrom rheumatoid factors up to aconcentration of 1,500 IU/mLIn patients receiving therapywith high biotin doses (i.e &gt; 5mg/day), no sample should betaken until at least 8 hours afterthe last biotin administrationIn vitro tests were performed on16 commonly usedpharmaceuticals. Nointerference with the assay wasfound. As with all testscontaining monoclonal mouseantibodies, erroneous findingsmay be obtained from samplestaken from patients who havebeen tested with monoclonalmouse antibodies or havereceived them for diagnosticpurposes. In rare cases,interference due to extremelyhigh titers of antibodies toruthenium can occur.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same except,Hemolysis (Hb &lt; 0.155 mmol/L or &lt;0.25 g/dL; do not analyze samplesthat show visible signs of hemolysis)</td><td></td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys PTH Test System, Continued

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PTH Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys PTH STAT9 minute application</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations,continued</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>As with all tests containingmonoclonal mouse antibodies,erroneous findings may be obtainedfrom samples taken from patientswho have been treated withmonoclonal mouse antibodies orhave received them for diagnosticpurposes.In rare cases, interference due toextremely high titers of antibodiesto ruthenium can occur. The testcontains additives which minimizethese effects.Extremely high titers of antibodiesto streptavidin can occur in isolatedcases and cause interference.For diagnostic purposes, the resultsshould always be assessed inconjunction with the patient&#x27;smedical history, clinical exam andother findings</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics Corp. Ms. Kay Taylor, MT (ASCP), RAC 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457

# MAR 2 0 2007

Re: k070391 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Parathyroid Hormone Test System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1545 Regulation Name: Parathyroid hormone test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: CEW, JIT Dated: March 05, 2007 Received: March 06, 2007

Dear Ms. Taylor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510k) Nmbe K091

Device Name: Elecsys PTH Test System

Indications For Use:

Elecsys PTH Immunoassay (18 minute application)   
Elecsys PTH STAT Immunoassay (9 minute application)   
Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of intact parathyroid hormone in human serum and plasma for the differential diagnosis of hypercalcemia and hypocalcemia.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Elecsys PTH STAT CalSet

Elecsys PTH CalSet STAT is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys PTH STAT assay for intact PTH (parathyroid hormone) on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Elecsys PTH CalSet

Elecsys PTH CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys PTH assay for intact PTH (parathyroid hormone) on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers

Concurrence of CpRH1/ffc f In Vitro Diagnostic Devicess  (OV) n-Off Page 1 of 1 Office df/In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 1070391