APR 18 2007

# 5. 510(k) Summary

# Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter:

Specialty Medical Supplies (SMS) 3882 NW $1 2 4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Avenue Coral Springs, FL 33065

# Contact Person:

John C. Gormley   
American Biological Technologies, Inc.   
940 Crossroads Blvd   
Seguin, TX 78155   
(830) 372-1391 ex. 210   
Establishment Registration Number: 1643621

# Device Name:

SMS Multi Glucose Control

Common Name:

Single Analyte Control Solution, All Types (Assayed and Unassayed)

Classification Name:

Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed).

Classification:

Class I per 21 CFR 862.1660

Product Code:

75 JJX

Panel:

Chemistry

# Predicate Devices:

Name: Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

OneTouch Ultra Control Solution LifeScan, Inc.   
K011479

Name:

Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

Ascensia Microfill Control   
Solution   
Bayer Healthcare   
K023657

# 510(k) Premarket Notification: SMS Multi Glucose Control American Biological Technologies, Inc.

# Name:

Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

Accu-chek Active Control High Level   
Roche Diagnostics Corporation K011738

Name: Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

Liberty Glucose Control Liberty Healthcare Group, Inc. K060706

# Device Description:

The SMS Multi Glucose Control consists of a viscosity-adjusted, aqueous liquid control solution containing a known quantity of glucose. The product is packaged in plastic dropper tipped bottles for easy application of the control solutions to the test strips and a red coloration to aid the user to visually confirm application of the control. The product is nonhazardous and contains no human or animal derived materials.

# Intended Use:

The SMS Multi Glucose Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by healthcare professionals and in the home by people with diabetes mellitus to assess the performance of the Bayer Ascensia Contour, the Roche Accu-chek Active and the LifeScan OneTouch Ultra and FastTake Blood Glucose Monitors.

Comparison to Predicate Device:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic/Aspect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevice No. 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevice No. 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevice No. 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevice No. 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NewProduct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouchUltra ControlSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AscensiaMicrofillControlSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accu-chekActiveControl HighLevel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LibertyGlucoseControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SMS MultiGlucoseControl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k), Date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K011479,06/02/2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K02365705/12/2003</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K01173806/20/2001</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K06070604/28/2006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofLevels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic bottlewith dropper-tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic bottlewith dropper-tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic bottlewith dropper-tip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic bottlewith droppertip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plastic bottlewith droppertip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fill Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristic/Aspect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PredicateDevice No. 1</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PredicateDevice No. 3  Device No. 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">PredicateDevice No. 3  Device No. 4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NewProduct</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Device No. 2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffered</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Buffered</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffered</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffered</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">Identical toPredicateDevice No.4.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">aqueoussolution of D-Glucose,viscositymodifier,preservatives,and othernon-reactiveingredients</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">aqueous</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">aqueoussolution of D-Glucose, aviscositymodifier,preservativesand othernon-reactiveingredients</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">solution of D-Glucose,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">containingGlucose,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Glucose,preservativeand athickeningagent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">viscositymodifier,preservatives,and other non-reactiveingredients</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Used withOneTouchUltra BrandSystems, TheOneTouchFastTakeSystem,InDuo BrandSystems andOneTouchUltraSmartSystems tocheck thatthe meter andtest strips areworkingtogether as asystem andthat the useris performingthe testcorrectly</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">For use withthe AscensiaContour BloodGlucose Meterand theAscensiaMICROFILLTest Strips asa qualitycontrol check.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Used toperformqualitycontrolchecks toensure thatthe Accu-chek ActiveSystem isworking</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Used tocheck theperformanceof OneTouchUltra,OneTouchFastTake,Accu-chekActive, andAscensiaContourBloodGlucoseSystems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Used tocheck theperformanceofOneTouchUltra,OneTouchFastTake,Accu-chekActive, andAscensiaContourBloodGlucoseSystems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">working</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">properly and</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">that the bloodglucoseresults arereliable.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TargetPopulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professionaland homeuse</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Professionaland home use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professionaland homeuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professionaland homeuse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professionaland homeuse</td></tr></table>

# Performance Studies:

Tests were performed to verify specific performance characteristics:

Stability   
2Open Vial   
Microbial Stress Stability   
4.Test precision

# Conclusion:

Comparison of the performance characteristics, formulation and intended use support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Speciality Medical Supplies   
c/o Mr. John Gormley   
American Biological Technologies, Inc. 940 Crossroads Blvd.   
Seguin, TX 78155

Re: k070506 Trade/Device Name: SMS Multi Glucose Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material assayed and unassayed Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: February 21, 2007 Received: February 21, 2007

Dear Mr. Gormley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Enclosure

510(k) Premarket Notification: SMS Multi Glucose Control American Biological Technologies, Inc.

4. Indications for Use Statement   
510(k) Number (if known): K070S0

Device Name: SMS Multi Glucose Control.

Indications For Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use (i.e. for external use only) by healthcare professionals and in the home by people with diabetes mellitus to assess the performance of the Roche Accu-chek Active, the Bayer Ascensia Contour, and the LifeScan OneTouch Ultra and FastTake Blood Glucose Monitors.

Carl C Benam

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

Page 8 of 34