K070223

510(k) Summary

A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Alan Vekich Regulatory Affairs Specialist Telephone: (760) 431-7922 ext. E-mail: avekich@aaltoscientific.com

# C. Date of Summary Preparation

December 1, 2006

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

AuditTM MicroCVTM Lipids Linearity Set (Low)   
Lipids Linearity   
Assay QC Material   
Class I   
21 CFR 862.1660   
75   
JJY

# E. Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

AuditTM MicroCVTM General Chemistry Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, CA K042318

# F. Description of the Device

The Audit™ MicroCV Lipids Linearity Set (Low) is a human based, lyophilized, five level set o material, with each evelcntain  nalyes. I is useto cnir he prope caliain, linear operating range, and reportable range of Lipids methods for the analytes listed. Level A is near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit of instruments. Levels B - D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# G. Statement of Intended Use

The Lipids Linearity Set is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for the purpose of · verifying and validating the Analytical Measurement Range for non-waived Lipids testing methods as identified in the package insert.

# I. Summary of Performance Data

Si e the Audit™M MicroCVTM Lipids Linearity Set (Low). All supporting data is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Reconstituted Stability:Once a vial has been reconstituted, all analytes will be stable for 24 hours when stored tightly capped at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Shelf Life: Two years, when stored unopened at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.

# H. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM Lipids Linearity Set(Low)(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM General ChemistryLinearity Set(K042318)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM Lipids Linearity Set(Low) is assayed quality control materialconsisting of Delipidized Human Serum.It is intended to simulate human patientserum samples for the purpose ofmonitoring the precision and to detectsystematic analytical  deviationsoflaboratory testing procedures. Thisproduct may also be used as unassayedquality control material for these sameanalytes and may be used for proficiencytesting in inter-laboratory surveys. Inaddition, this product may also be usedto perform CLIA directed calibrationverification for these same analytes withsimilar     reagents     on    similarinstrumentation in accordance withcurrent  CLIA-88  guidelines  andregulations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AuditTM MicroCVTM General ChemistryLinearity Set is assayed quality controlmaterial consisting of human basedserum. It is intended to simulate humanpatient serum samples for the purpose ofmonitoring the precision and to detectsystematicanalytical deviations oflaboratory testing procedures.Thisproduct may also be used as unassayedquality control material for these sameanalytes and may be used for proficiencytesting in inter-laboratory surveys. Inaddition, this product may also be used toperformCLIAdirectedcalibrationverification for these same analytes withsimilar     reagents     on     similarinstrumentationin accordance withcurrent  CLIA-88  guidelines  andregulations.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levelsper set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 2 mls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 5 mls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delipidized Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stabilizers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sucrose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sorbitol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sorbitol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° CUntil expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReconstitutedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 hours at 2 to 8° C</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusions

Based upon the purpose of the device, the descriptions and labeling of the predicate device, the safety and efficacy, and the stability data generated, the product is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. c/o Mr. Alan Vekich Regulatory Affairs Specialist 1959 Kellogg Avenue Carlsbad, CA 92008

# MAR 1 3 2007

Re: k070223 Trade/Device Name: AuditTM MicrocyTM Lipids Linearity Set (Low) Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJY Dated: January 17, 2007 Received: January 24, 2007

Dear Mr. Vekich:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register:

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): unknown

Device Name: Audit™M MicroCVTM Lipids Linearity Set (Low)

Indications For Use:

The Audit™m MicroCV™M Lipids Linearity Set (Low) consists of five levels. Each level contains the following analytes: Apolipoprotein A1, Apolipoprotein B, Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol, LDL Cholesterol and Triglyceride and may be used for proficiency testing in interlaboratory surveys and to perform CLIA directed calibration verification for these same analytes with similar reagents on similar instrumentation in accordance with current CLIA-88 guidelines and regulations.

In addition, Level A - E of this product may be used as unassayed quality control material for these analytes or as an assayed quality control material for the analyzer systems specified in the package insert. It is not intended to be used as an assayed quality control material for any other analyzer systems.