# K070104

MAY - 7 2008

# 5510(k) Summary- proLYTE Electrolyte Analyzer

(1) Submitted by:

Diamond Diagnostics 333 Fiske St. Holliston, MA 01746 (2) Contact Person:

Liann Voo, Chemistry Manager Phone: 508-429-0450 (x351) Fax: 508-429-0452 E-mail: Ivoo@diamonddiagnostics.com (3) Summary Prepared:

April 22, 2008 (4) Device Trade Name:

proLYTE Electrolyte Analyzer $N a + / K + / C l -$

# (5) Regulatory Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr></table>

# (6) Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IL 943 Flame Photometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K823480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyLyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVL 9180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K961458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>925 Chloridometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K810615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td></tr></table>

# Statement of Technology Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>proLYTE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PotentiometricNa+, K+, CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000926</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SAME</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K961458</td></tr></table>

# (7) Device Description and Indications for Use:

T LEnalyzwhiz-eleiv sl  bloo lup a a  r e-alibrasiMisn Daicyte00Fluid ck Na/KC (10(k031159t

invals or n requestSodi, potassi and chloride ecoonlymeasured foruse n he diagnosis an n olirs J33063) are the recommended quality control material to be used daily.

# (8) Technological Characteristics of the Device: Principal of Measurement

aly 943 Flame Photometer) and K810615 (925 Chloridometer).

# Calibration:

l automatically with each measurement.

# Technical Specifications:

Analyzer tests samples for Na†/K\*/Cl   
Sample: Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma or Urine   
Sample Size: 100 μL Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma or 400 μL diluted (1:10) Urine   
Measurement Range: Blood Na\*: 45 - 205 mmol/L K: 1.5 - 11 mmol/L C: 45 - 205 mmol/L Urine Nat: 30 - 1020 mmol/L K20 -505 mmOl/L Cr: 25- 505 mmOl/L

Display Resolution: Na\*: 0.1 mmol/L K\*: 0.01 mmol/L Cl: 0.1 mmol/L

Analysis Time 55 sec. (Blood), 90 sec. (Urine)   
Data storage, (on board RAM) 125 Patient results, up to 20 QC results normal and abnormal   
Calibration automatic and/or on demand

Analyzer has an output for a printer/computer.

Power   
100-115 \~ VAC 50-60 Hz, 0.8 A or   
220\~VAC 50/60 Hz, 0.4 A   
(Factory set)

Size & Weight 9.5" (24cm) W x 16.5" (42cm) H x 8.0" (20cm) D, 13 lbs. (5.8 kg)

# (9)Summary of nonclinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for the device.

Precision -

pblo pas eeaur stanaloo/plaas ode whiesmple measured in 'Urine Mode' The standard deviation (SD) and Coefficient of Variation $( \% C V )$ are calculated. Results were vithin performance specifications which are similar to predicate device, Easylyte (Koo0926).

Serum/Blood Urine (1:10 dilution) Na+ C.V. ≤ $1 \%$ E C.V. ≤ 2.5% K+ C.V. ≤ $2 \%$ EMPY $0 . \lor . \leq 2 . 5 \%$ CI- C.V. ≤ $2 \%$ E $0 . \lor . \leq 2 . 5 \%$ EY

u   y for each sample type. The standard deviation (SD) and Coefficient of Variation $( \% C V )$ are calculated. Results were within performance specifications summarized below and are similar to predicate device, Easylyte (Ko00926).

Serum/Blood Urine (1:10 dilution) $N a +$ EP $0 . \vee . \le 2 \%$ $0 . \ V _ { \cdot } \leq 2 . 5 \%$ $\kappa +$ EMPY $0 . V . \leq 2 . 5 \%$ $0 . \lor . \leq 2 . 5 \%$ E CI- C.V. ≤ $2 . 5 \%$ EY $0 . \lor . \leq 5 \%$

# Linearity

Wo blo s Ur c   v ttac tyapDilus wemadom sart stcsolutns nesn anays . Correlation coefficients were all greater than 0.99.

# (10) Summary of clinical tests submitted with the pre-market notification for the device.

Cl taDDs Tnalyz roas welas nothr peadeviceheasylyRegres analys how goo corelat than 0.99.

# (11) Conclusions drawn from the clinical and non-clinical testing.

Analysis of the comparative measurement presented in the $5 1 0 ( k )$ for this device, together with the linearity and precision n  oI Analyzer (with $N a +$ $k + , \subset \left| - \right.$ is safe, effective and equivalent to those predicate devices to which it is compared.

Diamond Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Ms. Liann Voo 333 Fiske Street Holliston, MA 01746

Re: k070104 Trade Name: proLYTE Electrolyte Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium Test System. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ Dated: April 24, 2008 Received: April 24, 2008

Dear Ms. Voo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# 4.Indications for Use Statement

Device Name: proLYTE Electrolyte Analyzer

Indications For Use:

S assChlri u lbloo p performed in-vitro, and neither the analyzer nor any of its components come in contact with the patient.

o control programs.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k). K070104