# K070788 OCT 5  2007 510(k) Summary - Elecsys Cortisol Test System

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-3544

Contact person: Kay A. Taylor

Date prepared: September 13, 2007

# Device name

Proprietary name:

Elecsys Cortisol Immunoassay Elecsys Cortisol CalSet

Common name: Cortisol test Calibrator

Classification name: Cortisol test system Calibrator, Secondary

# Device description

(1) The Elecsys Cortisol Assay is a two step competitive immunoassay with streptavidin microparticles and electrochemiluminescence detection. Results are determined using a calibration curve that is generated specifically on each instrument by a 2 point calibration and a master curve provided with the reagent bar code.

(The Elecsys Cortisol CalSet is a lyophilized product consisting of human serum with added cortisol (synthetic) in two concentration ranges. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# 510(k) Summary - Elecsys Cortisol Test System, Continued

# Intended use

(1) Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of cortisol in human serum, plasma, urine, and saliva. The determination of cortisol is used for the recognition and treatment of functional disorders of the adrenal gland.

Elecsys Cortisol CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Cortisol assay on the Elecsys immunoassay analyzers.

# Substantial Equivalence

The Elecsys Cortisol Test System (modified) is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in the United States. The Elecsys Cortisol Test System (modified) is equivalent to the Elecsys Cortisol Test System (K043175).

# Device Comparison

The following table compares the Elecsys Cortisol Test System (modified) and the predicate device. The predicate labeling used as the source document for the comparison is that provided to FDA in K043175.

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Cortisol Assay(K043175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys Cortisol(K070788)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentIntendedUse/Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of cortisolin human serum, plasma, urine, andsaliva. The determination of cortisol isused for the recognition and treatmentof functional disorders of the adrenalgland.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorIntended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Cortisol CalSet is used forcalibrating the quantitative ElecsysCortisol assay on the Elecsysimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 1010, Elecsys 2010, andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170,analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 1010, Elecsys 2010, andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170,cobas e 411 and cobas e 601analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol Competitive assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k): Device Modification - Elecsys Cortisol Test System, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Cortisol Assay(K043175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys Cortisol(K070788)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total AssayDuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 minute application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma (Li, Na, NH4 Heparin,K2, K3, Na2 EDTA and Na citrate),saliva, urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 - 1750 nmol/L or 0.036-63 µg/dL(defined by the lower detection limitand the maximum of the master curve).Values below the detection limit arereported as &lt; 1.0 nmol/L (&lt; 0.036μg/dL). Values above the measuringrange are reported as &gt; 1750 nmol/L (&gt;63 µg/dL) (or up to 17,500 nmol/L or630 µg/dL for 10-fold diluted samples).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00-1750 nmol/L or 0.036-63.0 µg/dL(defined by the limit of detection andthe maximum of the master curve).Values below the limit of blank arereported as &lt; 0.50 nmol/L (&lt; 0.018μg/dL). Values above the limit ofblank but below the limit of detectionwill not be flagged by the instrument.Values above the measuring range arereported as &gt; 1750 nmol/L (&gt; 63.0μg/dL) (or up to 17,500 nmol/L or 630μg/dL for 10-fold diluted samples).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.500 nmol/L - Analytical (LDL)&lt; 2.0 nmol/L - Functional</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.5 nmol/L - LoB≤ 1.0 nmol/L - LoD8.5 nmol/L - LoQ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Cortisol Calset</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Cortisol CalSet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum w/ synthetic cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSetStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalSet TargetConc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cal 1:  ~12.5 nmol/LCal 2:  ~1000 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability /Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the Enzymun- TestCortisol method. This in turn wasstandardized via ID-MS.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Premarket Notification 510(k): Device Modification - Elecsys Cortisol Test System, Continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Cortisol Assay(K043175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys Cortisol(K070788)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the monoclonal antibodies used,the following cross-reactivities werefound: Osteocalcin, PTH fragment 1-37, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase,and βCrosslaps: no cross-reactivitydetectable.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same - reworded to be more clearNo cross-reactivities were found for:Osteocalcin, PTH fragment 1-37,bone-specific alkaline phosphatase,and β-CrossLaps.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations remain unchanged fromK043175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReagentStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:2-8°C - Up to the stated expirationdateOpened:2-8°C - 12 weeksOn the E170/ Elecsys 2010: 8 weeksOn the Elecsys 1010:2 weeks (stored alternately in therefrigerator and on the analyzer-ambient temperature 20-25°C; up to 20hours opened in total.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same  updated for inclusion of cobase analyzers only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration must be performed onceper reagent lot using fresh reagent (i.e.not more than 24 hours since thereagent kit was registered on theanalyzer).Renewed calibration is recommendedas follows:E170 and Elecsys 2010:After 1 month (28 days) when usingthe same reagent lot.After 7 days (when using the samereagent kit on the analyzer).Elecsys 1010:With every reagent kit.After 7 days (20-25°C).After 3 days (25-32°C).</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same  updated for inclusion of cobase analyzers only</td></tr></table>

# Premarket Notification 510(k): Device Modification - Elecsys Cortisol Test System, Continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys Cortisol Assay(K043175)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified DeviceElecsys Cortisol(K070788)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and urine precision data remainunchanged from K043175SalivaWithin-run6.1% CV @4.68 nmol/L2.7% CV @11.5 nmol/L4.0% CV @15.1 nmol/L1.5% CV @15.9 nmol/L2.8% CV @19.8 nmol/LBetween-run37.1% CV @0.93 nmol/L7.2% CV @7.72 nmol/L6.2% CV @16.9 nmol/L4.9% CV @34.6 nmol/L4.1% CV @42.5 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SalivaWithin-run - SAMEBetween-run33.4% CV @2.08 nmol/L11.5% CV @8.05 nmol/L7.1% CV @13.1 nmol/L4.9% CV @34.6 nmol/L4.1% CV @42.5 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected values for serum, plasma,urine remain unchanged fromK043175Saliva:The following values were determinedin saliva samples from 154 healthyindividuals (5th -95th percentile).Morning hours 8-10 a.m:1.90-19.1 nmol/L (0.07-0.69 µg/dl)Afternoon hours 2:30-3:30 p.m.2.05-11.9 nmol/L (0.07-0.43 μg/dl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SameSaliva:The following values were determinedin saliva samples from 154 healthyindividuals (95th percentile).Morning hours 8-10 a.m:&lt;19.1 nmol/L (&lt;0.69 μg/dl)Afternoon hours 2:30-3:30 p.m.&lt;11.9 nmol/L (&lt;0.43 μg/dl)</td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Ms. Kay Taylor, Regulatory Affairs Principal 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Re: k070788 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys Cortisol Immunoassay & Elecsys Cortisol CalSet Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1205 Regulation Name: Cortisol (hydrocortisone and hydroxycorticosterone) test system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NHG, JIT Dated: September 05, 2007 Received: September 06, 2007

Dear Ms. Taylor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K070788

Device Name: Elecsys Cortisol Test System

Indications For Use:

# Elecsys Cortisol Immunoassay

Immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of cortisol in human serum, plasma, urine, and saliva. The determination of cortisol is used for the recognition and treatment of functional disorders of the adrenal gland.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Elecsys Cortisol CalSet

Elecsys Cortisol CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Cortisol assay on the Elecsys immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office ofIn Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Division Sign-Off Page 1 of 1 Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k)K K070708