# 510(k) SUMMARY

# SECTION F: 510(k) Summary K071507

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in compliance with 21CFR807.92.

1. Application Date: May 30, 2007

2. Applicant Information: Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. 7736 Zionsville Road Indianapolis, IN 46268

Contact Person: Margo Enright Phone Number: 317-870-5610 x1064 FAX Number: . 317-870-5608 e-mail: menright@cardiochek.com

3. Trade Name: PTS PANELS CHOL $^ +$ HDL+GLU Panel Test Strips

4. Classification Names: Lipoprotein and cholesterol (high density lipoprotein) test systems and Glucose Test System Panel: Clinical Chemistry 75 Product Codes: NBW, CHH, LBR

5. Facility Address: 7736 Zionsville Road Indianapolis, IN 46268

6. Device Classification: Class 2 (Regulations: 21CFR 862.1345, 862.1175, 862.1475)

# 7. Intended Use:

PTS PANELS CHOL+HDL+GLU Panel Test Strips are intended to be used by medical professionals and individuals in the home to measure cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and glucose in whole blood. Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders. Lipoprotein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases. Glucose measurements are used by individuals with diabetes to measure glucose in fingerstick whole blood at home for the management of carbohydrate metabolism disorders.

8. Reason for $\mathbf { 5 1 0 ( k ) }$ : Device Modification

9. Predicate Device Information The predicate devices for determination of substantial equivalence are: Name: PTS PANELS Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol and Glucose Test Strips Device Company: Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. 510(k) Numbers: Cholesterol: K981493, K990688 HDL: K060617 Glucose: K013068

Similarities and Differences between modified device (PTS PANELS CHOL+HDL+GLU Test Strips) and the Predicate Device (unmodified- PTS PANELS Cholesterol, HDL Cholesterol and Glucose Test Strips)

Similarities Between Predicate and Modified Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended to measurecholesterol, HDL cholesterol and glucose in whole blood.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dry chemistry test strip for usewith PTS reflectancephotometer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductStoragev</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store with vial tightly capped ina cool dry place at roomtemperature of 68-86°F.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood from fingerstickor venous blood collected in anEDTA or heparin tube.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemistryMethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol: Colorimetricenzymatic (cholesterolesterase/oxidase) trindermethod for cholesterol.HDL: Colorimetric enzymatic(cholesterol esterase/oxidase)trinder method for cholesterol.Glucose: Colorimetricenzymatic (glucose oxidase)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibrationCurve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resides on a read-only memory(EEPROM) chip packaged withthe test strips.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Differences Between Predicate and Modified Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number oftest strips toobtain results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three separate test strips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single test strip withthree tests</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Time toobtain results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>About one minute for each test.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>About two minutesfor all three testresults.</td></tr></table>

10. Compliance with Special Controls Does not apply.

SEP 10 2007

Polymer Technology Systems, Inc. c/o Ms. Margo Enright Manager of Clinical Affairs 7736 Zionsville Road Indianapolis, IN 46268

Re: k071507 Trade/Device Name: PTS PANELS CHOL+HDL+GLU Panel Test Strips Regulation Number: 21 CFR §862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, CHH, LBR Dated: August 13, 2007 Received: August 14, 2007

Dear Ms. Enright:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_K071507

# Device Name: PTS PANELS CHOL+HDL+GLU Panel Test Strips

PTS PANELS CHOL $^ +$ HDL $^ +$ GLU Panel Test Strips are intended to be used by medical professionals and individuals in the home to measure cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and glucose in whole blood. Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders involving excess cholesterol in the blood and lipid and lipoprotein metabolism disorders. Lipoprotein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases. Glucose measurements are used by individuals with diabetes to measure glucose in fingerstick whole blood at home for the management of carbohydrate metabolism disorders.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Carol Benan

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

K071507

Page l of