# 510 (k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in JUL $\bullet \bullet$ 2007 accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1Submitter's Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person, and date the summary was prepared.

Submitter's Name:

AgaMatrix, Inc. 10 Manor Parkway Salem, NH 03079

Contact Person:

Connie Hertel   
Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs   
(603) 328-6000   
(603) 893-4191

Telephone: Fax:

Date the summary prepared:

# Device Name

Trade/Proprietary Name:   
Common/Usual Name:   
Classification Name:   
Class:   
Panel:   
Jazz Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Glocuse test system (per 21 CFR 862.1345)   
II   
Chemistry

Modification Device:

The Jazz Blood Glucose Monitoring System is a brand name change to the Liberty™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Some user interface modifications were improved.

# 4. Description of the Device

The AgaMatrix JazzTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System includes a meter with batteries, compact carrying case, Lancing device, lancets, control solution and owner's booklet. Test Strips are sold separately.

It is intended for over-the-counter home use by diabetics to monitor their blood glucose levels, or for use in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals. The system tests fresh capillary whole blood. The meter is a portable, battery-operated instrument.

# 510(k) Summary (Continued)

# 5. Intended use of the device

The JazzM Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure blood glucose levels, also known as blood sugar, from fresh capillary bh  he h z are for in vitro diagnostic (outside of the body) use only. The Jazz System is not intended for use with neonates.

# 4Testing

The manufacturer of the Jazz Blood Glucose Monitoring System certifies that the device complies with the following:

ISO 15197:2003 In vitro diagnostic test systems  Requirements for bloodglucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus

ISO 14971:2000 Medical devices  Application of risk management to Medical devices

IEC 61010-1 Medical electrical equipment - General requirements for safety

IEC 61010-2-101 Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use  particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment

IEC 61000-4-3 Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

# 8. Conclusions

Based upon the testing and comparison to the predicate device, the JazzT Blood Glucose Monitoring System has the same intended uses, with similar technological characteristics as the predicate device. The system performs as intended and raises no new safety of effectiveness issues.

# JUL 20 2007

AgaMatrix, Inc.   
c/o Connie Hertel   
Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs 10 Manor Parkway   
Salem, NH 03079

Re: k071393 Trade/Device Name: Jazz Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class ⅡI Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: June 28, 2007 Received: June 29, 2007

Dear Ms. Hertel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k071393 Device Name: JAZZTM Indication For Use:

# AgaMatrix JAZZ™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

AgaMatrix $\mathrm { J A Z Z ^ { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger stick, palm, and/or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix $\mathbf { J A Z Z ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ Blood Glucose Meter:

AgaMatrix JAZZ1M Blood Glucose Meter is intended for use with AgaMatrix JAZZTM Blood Glucose Test Strips for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger stick, palm, and/or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix $\mathbf { J A Z Z ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ Blood Glucose Test Strips:

AgaMatrix JAZZ1M Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for use with AgaMatrix $\mathrm { J A Z Z ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ Blood Glucose Meter for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger stick, palm and/or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix JAZZ Control Solutions (Normal level and High level):

AgaMatrix JAZZ' Control Solutions are intended for use with the AgaMatrix JAZZM Meter and AgaMatrix $\mathrm { J A Z Z ^ { \mathrm { { T M } } } }$   
accuracy of blood glucose test results.

Prescription Use X And/Or (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use _X . (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)