# K071587

510(k) Summary

Submitted by: James Delaney Inverness Medical Innovations, Inc. 51 Sawyer Rd., Ste. 200 Waltham, MA 02453

Prepared on: June 4, 2007

Device name

The Ischemia Albumin Cobalt Binding Test (ACB $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Test) Assay Verification Set

Classification name

Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed)

The Assay Verification Set is classified as Class I, Clinical Chemistry Panel (75), Pro Code JJX-Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed). The device is codified at 21 C.F.R. $\$ 862.1660$ .

Predicate Device

The Ischemia Albumin Cobalt Binding Test (ACB $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Test) Assay Verification Set (AVS)

Modifications

Expanded the models of clinical analyzers validated for ACB assay installatior by AVS using revised acceptance criteria.

Intended Use

The Albumin Cobalt Binding Test $\left( \operatorname { A C B } \mathfrak { B } \right)$ Assay Verification Set (AVS) is intended for use in verifying the accuracy of the ACB Test on the Roche INTEGRA 700/800, the Roche/Hitachi 917 and the Roche MODULAR P. It is recommended as part of assay installation.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

Testing

he Assay Verification Set was evaluated for range setting values internally ad at multiple clinical sites across the following laboratory instruments: the oche Integra 700/800, Roche/Hitachi 917 and Roche Modular P. Results 1owed that AVS performs within specifications.

# JUL 30 2007

Inverness Medical Innovations, Inc. c/o Mr. James Delaney   
Director Regulatory Affairs   
Cardiac Diagnostics   
51 Sawyer Road, Ste. 200   
Waltham, MA 02453

Re: k071587 Trade/Device Name:The Inverness Medical Innovations, Inc. Albumin Cobalt Binding Test $\left( \operatorname { A C B } \circled { \mathrm {8 } } \right)$ Assay Verification Set (AVS) Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJX Dated: July 13, 2007 Received: July 16, 2007

Dear Mr. Delaney:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter wil allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510k)Numbe er.K 1587

Device Name: The Inverness Medical Innovations, Inc. Albumin Cobalt Binding Test E $\left( \operatorname { A C B @ } \right)$ Assay Verification Set (AVS)

Indications for Use: The Albumin Cobalt Binding Test $\left( \operatorname { A C B } ( \mathfrak { B } ) \right)$ Assay Verification Set (AVS) is intended for use in verifying the accuracy of the ACB Test on the Roche INTEGRA 700/800, the Roche/Hitachi 917 and the Roche MODULAR P. It is recommended as part of assay installation.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device valuation and Safety K071587