# 5. 510(k) Summary

# Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter:

Specialty Medical Supplies (SMS) 3882 NW $1 2 4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ Avenue Coral Springs, FL 33065

# Contact Person:

John C. Gormley   
American Biological Technologies, Inc.   
940 Crossroads Blvd   
Seguin, TX 78155   
(830) 372-1391 ex. 210   
Establishment Registration Number: 1643621

# Device Name:

SMS Glucose Control

Common Name:

Single Analyte Control Solution, All Types (Assayed and Unassayed)

Classification Name:

Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed).

Classification:

Class I per 21 CFR 862.1660

Product Code:

75 JJX

# Panel:

Chemistry

Predicate Devices:

Name: Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

TheraSense FreeStyle Control TheraSense, Inc.   
K031260

Name: Manufacturer: 510(k) No.:

Liberty Glucose Control Liberty Healthcare Group, Inc. K060481

# Device Description:

The SMS Glucose Control consists of a viscosityadjusted, aqueous liquid control solution containing a known quantity of glucose. The product is packaged in plastic dropper tipped bottles for easy application of the control solutions to the test strips and a red coloration to aid the user to visually confirm application of the control. The product is nonhazardous and contains no human or animal derived materials.

# Intended Use:

The SMS Glucose Control is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (i.e. for external use only) by healthcare professionals and in the home by people with diabetes mellitus to assess the performance of TheraSense FreeStyle Blood Glucose Monitor.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic/Aspect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device No. 1**:7w</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device No. 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Product</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TheraSense FreeStyleControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liberty Glucose Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SMS Glucose Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k), Date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K031260, 12/19/2003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K060481, 03/09/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottle withdropper-tip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottle with droppertip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottle withdropper tip</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered aqueoussolution of D-Glucose,viscosity modifier,preservatives, and othernon-reactive ingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered aqueoussolution of D-Glucose, aviscosity modifier,preservatives, and othernon-reactive ingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical to PredicateDevice No. 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To use with FreeStyleBlood GlucoseMonitoring System forquality control purposesto verify that theFreeStyle Meter andTest Strips are workingright.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used to check theperformance of FreeStyleBlood Glucose Systems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Used to check theperformance ofFreeStyle BloodGlucose Systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetPopulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional and homeuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional and homeuse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Professional andhome use</td></tr></table>

# Performance Studies:

Tests were performed to verify specific performance characteristics:

Stability   
2. Open Vial   
3. Microbial Stress Stability   
4.Test precision

# Conclusion:

Comparison of the performance characteristics, formulation and intended use support the claim of substantial equivalence.

# JUN 2 8 2007

Specialty Medical Supplies   
c/o Mr. John C. Gormley   
American Biological Technologies, Inc. 940 Crossroads Blvd.   
Seguin, TX 78155

Re: k071433 Trade/Device Name: Specialty Medical Supplies (SMS) Glucose Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: May 22, 2007 Received: May 23, 2007

Dear Mr. Gormley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA mav publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K 071433

Device Name: SMS Glucose Control

Indications For Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use (i.e. for external use only) by healthcare professionals and in the home by people with diabetes mellitus to assess the performance of the TheraSense FreeStyle Blood Glucose System.

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of Ih Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
5101k) k071433

Page 1 of