# 4. 510(k) Summary

$$
\begin{array} { l } { \displaystyle 1 0 7 1 0 3 9 } \\ { \displaystyle 9 9 1 8 3 9 } \end{array}
$$

# Owner's Name & Address:

Diamond Diagnostics Inc 333 Fiske Street Holliston MA 01746 FAX: 508-429-0452

Establishment Registration Number: 3003030793

# Date of Preparation: Identification of the Device:

Proprietary/Trade name: Mission Olympus AU ISE Calibrators   
Common name Calibrating Standard   
Classification name: Calibrator, Secondary (21 CFR 862.1150, Product Code JIT). The product code of JIT has been assigned to this device in the Classification Database.

Substantial Equivalence Table of Product Part Numbers & Trade Names   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diamond/Mission Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus Equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OY-AUH1012D ISE Mid Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUH1012 ISE Mid Standard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OY-AUH1014D ISE Low Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUH1014 ISE Low Standard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OY-AUH1015D ISE High Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUH1015 ISE High Standard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OY-AUH1016D Low/High Urine Standard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUH1016 Low/High Urine Standard</td></tr></table>

# Description of Device:

V l   Cl

Intended Use:   
n Os Calators vialat pont  +nl the Olympus AU4xx and AU6xx instruments.

Technological Characteristics:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mission Olympus AU ISE Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olympus AU ISE Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OY-AUH1012D, OY-AUH1014D, OY-AUH1015D,OY-AUH1016D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUH1012, AUH1014, AUH1015, AUH1016</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous solution of salts &amp; preservativesContains NO human or animal materials.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous solution of salts &amp; preservativesContains NO human or animal materials.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottles</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Package</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OY-AUH1012D: 4 x 2L bottles in corrugated box,OY-AUH1014D &amp; OY-AUH1015D: 4 X 100mLbottles with dropper tips &amp; caps in corrugated box,OY-AUH1016D: 2 x 100mL Low Urine Standard(OY-AUH1016AD) &amp; 2 x 100mL High UrineStandard (OY-AUH1016BD) allin plastics bottleswith dropper tips &amp; caps in corrugated box</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AUH1012: 4 x 2L bottles in corrugated box,AUH1014 &amp; AUH1015: 4 X 100mL bottles withdropper tips &amp; caps in corrugated box, AUH1016:2 x 100mL Low Urine Standard &amp; 2 x 100mL HighUrine Standard allin plastics bottles with droppertips &amp; caps in corrugated box</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in-vitro diagnostics use to provide calibrationpoints for Na+, K+ and Cl- electrodes on theOlympus AU4xx and AU6xx instruments.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in-vitro diagnostics use to provide calibrationpoints for Na+, K+ and Cl- electrodes on theOlympus AU4xx and AU6xx instruments.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>torage / ShelfLLife</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-25°C 24-months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-25°C 24-months</td></tr></table>

# Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data:

$$
\rho ^ { a } \phi ^ { \prime } = \frac { \sqrt { 3 } } { 2 }
$$

Tests were conducted to verify specific performance requirements: aAccelerated (high temperature) stress test to support stability b. S by sie esting  Mission Olymus U ICalirators v.Predicate M) product n tnd instruments to demonstrate equivalence

# Assessment of Clinical Performance Data:

NA

# Conclusions:

Cprongistionntcas support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Diamond Diagnostics Inc. c/o Ms. Kathryn Thorsen Quality Assurance Manager 333 Fiske Street Holliston, MA 01746

Re: k071039 Trade/Device Name: Mission Olympus AU ISE Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIT Dated: June 22, 2007 Received: June 25, 2007

Dear Ms. Thorsen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) pearketotifitin.TheAnisustantial euivalence  yourdevice   ay marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

4. Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): K071039

Device Name: Mission Olympus AU ISE Calibrators

Indications For Use:

Mission Olympus AU iSE Calibrators are intended to provide calibration points for $N a +$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ and Cl- electrodes on the Olympus AU400 and AU600 instruments.

Division Sign-Off   
Office qf In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510k) k071039