# K071706

# Summary of 510(k) Safety and Effectiveness Information

# Envoy® 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent and Envoy® 500 HDL Calibrator

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Submitted by:

Vital Diagnostics, Inc.   
1075 West Lambert Road, Building D Brea, California 92861

Contact Person: Wynn Stocking Regulatory Affairs Manager

Date Submitted: December 4, 2007

Device Names:

Proprietary names: Envoy® 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent Kit, and Envoy® 500 HDL Calibrator Kit

Common names: High density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol reagent and High density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol calibrator

Classification names: LDL & VLDL precipitation, cholesterol via esterase-oxidase, HDL, and Calibrator, primary

Device Description:

TheEnv00HDhlol Reant tw-par rnt ha is l wi henv 00HC fo us wi thenv0hemisry SystemThis eagent eteries hih densiy oroein cholsteol t the accelerator electiv detergent methodology.This proceduremeasures HL-cholesterol in two step rection uence.In thefrst step, non-HDL cholesterol is rendered non-reactive. In the second step, HDL cholestol is solubilized using a selective detergent and reacts to produce a red chromogen.

Intended Use:

The Envoy 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent and Calibrator are for the quantitative determination of high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in serum and plasma using the Envoy® 500 Chemistry System. HDL Cholesterol various liver and renal diseases, and for the assessment of the risk of developing cardiovascular disease.

Predicate Device:

The Envy00 HDLCholesterol Reagent nd Calibraor e bstantially equivalent he Genzye Ultra NHDL Cholesterol Reagent, product nos. 80-6283-00 and 80-6277-00 and the Genzyme Ultra N-geneous HDL CholesterolCalibrator, product . 80-6449-0 which are currently arketed by Genzyme Coporation  Cambrie, MA.

Summary of Performance Data:

The effectiveness of Envoy 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent and the Envoy® 500 HDL Calibrator for the Envo 500 Chemistry System is shown by the following studies.

Usable Range

The linrrange f te Env 0 HCholeeol Reagent s fom  lt $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ as shown by the recovery ilur  e ol epa u o a human serum pool.

(Envoy Recoveries) $\mathbf { \varepsilon } = - 0 . 6 \ \mathrm { m g / d L } + 1 9 . 2 8 4 \ \mathrm { x }$ (Dilution Factor), ${ \bf r } = 0 . 9 9 9 8$ , $\mathrm { \mathbf { s } } _ { \mathrm { y . x } } = 1 . 1 1 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , ${ \mathfrak { n } } = 4 4$ ,range $= 0 . 1$ to $1 7 3 . 5 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Limit of Detection

Theimi detectn LoD)or HDLcholesteol was determ basen CLSI protolEP17-AForty blank smpe and 40 low level samples were assayed. The Limit of Blank (LoB) is $0 . 2 9 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ . The reported LoD is $0 . 4 6 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ with proportions of false positives $( \alpha )$ less than $5 \%$ and false negatives $( \beta )$ less than $5 \%$ .

Precision   
sav analogous to the method described in NCCLS Guideline EP3-T, are shown below.

<table><tr><td colspan="6">Within Run</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>n</td><td>mean</td><td>1SD</td><td>%CV</td><td>Total 1SD</td><td>%CV</td></tr><tr><td>Level 1</td><td>45</td><td>36.8</td><td>0.52</td><td>1.4%</td><td>0.72</td><td>2.0%</td></tr><tr><td>Level 2</td><td>48</td><td>71.1</td><td>0.68</td><td>1.0%</td><td>1.25</td><td>1.8%</td></tr></table>

Correlation

Mixed serum and plasma specimens, collected from adult patients, were assayed for HDL cholesterol using the Envoy ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { H D L }$ cholesterol application and another commercially available method. Results were compared by least squares linear regression and Passing-Bablok regression and the following statistics were obtained.

Least Squares Linear Regression Envoy $\mathsf { S 0 0 } = 0 . 7 \mathrm { m g / d L } + 1 . 0 2 1 \times \mathrm { C }$ ompetitive Method $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 5$ $\mathbf { s } _ { ( \mathbf { y } , \mathbf { x } ) } = 2 . 4 2 \ \mathbf { m g } / \mathrm { d L }$ $\mathtt { n } = 3 1 2$ ra $\mathrm { n g e } = 5 \cdot 1 5 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ EY $9 5 \%$ CI y-intercept: 0.07 to $1 . 3 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ − $9 5 \%$ CI slope: 1.010 to 1.032

Passing - Bablok Regression Envoy $5 0 0 = 0 . 7 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } + 1 . 0 1 5 \times \mathrm { C c }$ ompetitive Method $9 5 \%$ CI y-intercept: 0.2 to $2 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ − $9 5 \%$ CI slope: 1.000 to 1.029

Stability Th 1yr abylab controls over the claimed periods. In al cases, statistical estimates of total imprecision are less than $1 . 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# DEC 2 0 2007

Clinical Data, Inc.   
c/o Mr. Wynn Stocking   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
1075 West Lambert Road, Building D Brea, CA 92821

Re: k071706 Trade Name: Envoy $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent Kit and Envoy $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 500 HDL Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1475 Regulation Name: Lipoprotein test system Regulatory Class: Class I, subject to limitation to exemption in 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4) Product Code: LBS, JIT Dated: November 14, 2007 Received: November 15, 2007

Dear Mr. Stocking:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.M.

Yean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K071706

Device Name: Envoy® 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent and Envoy® 500 HDL Calibrator

Indication For Use:   
The Envoy® 500 HDL Cholesterol Reagent and Envoy® 500 HDL Calibrator are intended for use with the Envoy® 500 Chemistry System as a system for the quantitative   
determination of high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in serum and plasma. HDL cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid disorders (such as diabetes mellitus), atherosclerosis, and various liver and renal diseases, and for the assessment of the risk of developing cardiovascular disease.

This reagent is intended to be used by trained personnel in a professional setting and is not intended for home use.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Offic of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Eyaluation and Safety   
510(k) k071706