# K07/525

MAR 19 2008

# 510(k) Summary

Submitter's Name/Address   
Abbott Laboratories   
1921 Hurd Drive   
Irving, TX 75038   
Contact Person   
Linda Morris   
Senior Regulatory Specialist, MS 2-11   
Regulatory Affairs   
(972) 518-6711   
Fax (972) 518-7479

Date of Preparation of this Supmmary:

May 31, 2007   
Updated March 17, 2008

Activated Aspartate Aminotransferase

Activated AST

Class II / 862.1100

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \kappa )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requiremerts of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 862.1100.

The asigd ok) ume2

# Test Description:

Abbott Laboratories Activated AsT is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitation prta irseras  wn  rugutixaactranser SGOT) in human serum or plasma. The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay is a clinical chemistry assay in whiqh the aspartate aminotransferase catalyzes the transfer of the amino group from $\mathcal { L }$ -aspartate to $\propto$ e ecr phosphate, forming oxaloacetate and $L$ -glutamate. Oxaloacetate in the presence of NADH and malate dehydrogenase (MDH) is reduced to L-malate. In this reaction, the NADH is concomitantly oxidized to NAD. The reaction is monitored by measuring the rate of decrease in absorbance at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ due to the oxidation of NADH to NAD.

# Substantial Equivalence:

The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay on the Abbott AEROSET and ARCHITECT cSystems is substantially equivalent to the Abbott AST Activated (K981221) assay on the AERO\$ET System. Both assays yield similar Performance Characteristics.

# Similarities:

Both assys use NADH (with P-5-) methlo Bo s   e Both assays yield similar reults Both assays use serum and plasma

# Differences:

Abbott Laboratories Activated Aspartate Aminotransferase is a liquid reagent. Aspartate Aminotransferase Activated is  lyophilized reagent requiring reconstitution prior to use.

# Intended Use:

The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay is used for the quantitation of aspartate aminotransferase in human serum or plasma. Aspartate Aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of liver and heart disease.

# Performance Characteristics:

Comparative performance studics were conducted using the AEROSET and ARCHITECT cSystems. The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay, LN 08L91, method comparison yielded acceptable correlation between the following reagent/instrument comparisons:

1. Abbott Iaboratories Activated AST assay on the AEROSET vs. Abbott AST Activated (K981221) on the Abbott AEROSET System (Predicate Device).

2. Abbott Laboratories Activated AST on the ARCHITECT $c 8 0 0 0$ vs. Abbott AST Activated (K981221) on the Abbott AEROSET System (Predicate Device).

3. Abbott Laboratories Activated AST on the ARCHITECT cl6000 System vs. Abbott AST Activated (K981221) dn the Abbott AEROSET System (Predicate Device).

Results consisted of:

1.The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay on the Abbott AEROSET System showed a correlation coefficient of 0.999, slope of 1.06, and Y-intercept of . 3.79 U/L. when compared t the Predicate Device.

2.The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST on the ARCHITECT c8000 System showed a correlation coefficient of 0.999, slope of 1.01, and Y-intercept of —4.15 U/L when compared to the Rredicate Device.

3. The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST on the ARCHITECT cl6000 System showed a correlation coefficient of 0.999, slope of 1.03, and Y-intercept of 3.75 U/L when compared to the Rredicate Device.

The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay run on the Abbott AEROSET and ARCHITECT cSystems method comparison results yielded acceptable correlation to the Abbott AST Activated assay on the Abbott AEROSET System.

Precision studies were conducted using the Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay. On the ARCHITECT c8000 System, the 20 Day total $\% C V$ for Level 1 $( 4 3 \ U / \mathrm { L } )$ is $4 . 5 \%$ , and Level 2 (192 U/L) is ] $0 \%$ and the 5 Day total $\% \mathrm { C V }$ for Level 3 (23 U/L) is 2.4% and Level 4 (3,437 U/L) i\$ 0.7%. On the AEROSET System, the 5 Day total %CV for Level 1 (46 U/L) is 2.3% and Level 2 (205 U/L) is 0.7%. On the ARCHITECT c16000 System, the 5 Day total %CV for Level 1 (45 U/L) is 1.8% and Level 2 Y r Y .

The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay is linear up to 1,985 U/L. The limit of quantitation of the Abbott Labofatories Activated AST assay is 5 U/L, with Flex Rate linearity up to 5,364 U/L.

These data demonstrate that the performance of the Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay is substantially equivalent to the performance of the Abbott AST Activated assay, LN 08D37 (K981221) on the AEROSET and ARCHITECT cSystems.

# Conclusion:

The Abbott Laboratories Activated AST assay on the AEROSET System and ARCHITECT cSystems is substantially equivalent to the Abbott AST Activated assay, LN 08D37 (K981221) on the AEROSET System and ARCHITECT cSystems as demonstrated by results obtained in the studies.

Abbot Laboratories c/o Ms. Linda Morris Senior Regulatory Specialist 1920 Hurd Drive Irving, TX 75038

# MAR 19 2008

Re: k071525 Trade/Device Name: Next Generation Activated Asparate Aminotransferase Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1100 Regulation Name: Aspartate amino transferase (AST/SGOT) test system. Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: CIT Dated: March 10, 2008 Received: March 11, 2008

Dear Ms. Morris:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in acordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) pemarket notificatinThe Afning substantial equivalence o your device to aally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.htrnl.

Sincerely yours,

Indications for Use   
510(k Number(ifkown):071525   
Device Name:  Abbott Laboratories Activated Aspartate Aminotransferase Indications For Use: Activated Aspartate Amnotransferase (AST/SGOT) test system is a device intended to measure the ctivity of the enzyme aspartate aminotransferase (AST) (also known as a erum glutamic oxaloacetic transferase or SGOT) in serum and plasma. Aspartate aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment bf certain types of liver and heart disease.   
Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use_   
(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)   
(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON ANOTHER   
PAGE IF NEEDED) Concurrence of CRH Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Devices (OIVD Page I of_ Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 1071525