# 510(k) SUMMARY

JUL 1 4 2008

<table><tr><td>510(k) Owner:</td><td>4 Henderson Drive Contact: Dennis Taschek Fax:</td><td>Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technology, LLC West Caldwell, NJ 07006 Phone: 973-852-0177 973-852-0237</td></tr><tr><td>Date Summary Prepared:</td><td colspan="2">July 7, 2008</td></tr><tr><td>Device: Name:</td><td colspan="2">Trade Name: S-Test ALB (21 C.F.R. § 862.1035, Product code CIX) Classification: Class II Common/Classification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Predicate Devices:</td><td rowspan="4">1. 2. 3. Piccolo® xpress Chemistry Analyzer</td><td>Manufacturers for analyzer/reagent system predicates are: ACE plus ISE/ Clinical Chemistry System</td></tr><tr><td>ACE Albumin Reagent (K931786)</td></tr><tr><td>Olympus AU640 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin Reagent (K961274)</td></tr><tr><td>Device Description:</td><td colspan="2">The S-Test albumin (ALB) reagent cartridge used with the S40 Clinical Analyzer is intended for quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of ALB in serum or heparin plasma based on a photometric test measuring the formation of a bluish-green complex from ALB and bromcresol green.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use:</td><td colspan="2">The S-Test Albumin Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of albumin concentration in serum or heparin plasma using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases involving primarily the liver or kidneys. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories or physician office laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td>Technological Characteristics:</td><td colspan="2">The S-Test ALB is a bi-reagent cartridge. Reagent 1 and Reagent 2 contain: bromcresol green, succinic acid buffer (pH 4.25), and nonionic surface active</td></tr><tr><td>Performance</td><td colspan="2">agent. Performance data on the S-Test ALB included precision, accuracy, and</td></tr><tr><td>Data:</td><td>sensitivity data. Precision: In testing conducted at three ALB levels for 22 days, the within-run CV ranged from 1.8 to 2.0%, and total CV ranged from 4.7 to 5.6%. In precision studies at three separate Physician Office Laboratory (POL) sites and in-house over five days, the within-run CVs ranged from 0.6 to 2.5% and total CVs ranged from 0.8 to 2.8%. Accuracy: In the correlation study, 92 samples with ALB values ranging from 0.7 to 6.8 g/dL were assayed on the S40 Clinical Analyzer using S-Test ALB (y) and a comparative method (x). Least-squares regression analysis yielded a correlation coefficient of 0.961, a standard error estimate of 0.24 a confidence interval slope of 0.873 to 0.982, and a confidence interval intercept of 0.05 to 0.51. In patient correlation studies at four separate POL sites using the S40 Clinical Analyzer and a comparative method, least-squares regression analysis yielded correlation coefficients ranged from 0.987 to 0.994, standard error estimates of 0.12 to 0.19, confidence interval slopes of 0.942 to 1.040, and a</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusions:</td><td>Sensitivity: The detection limit was O.4 g/dL. Based on the foregoing data, the device is safe and effective. These data also indicate substantial equivalcnce to the predicate devices.</td></tr></table>

Alfa Wasserman Diagnostic Technology, Inc. c/o Mr. Dennis Taschek   
VP, Reagent & Instrument Technologies   
4 Henderson Drive   
West Caldwell, NJ 07006

JUL 14 2008

Re: k072143 Trade Name: S-Test Albumin (ALB) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1035 Regulation Name: Albumin Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: CIX Dated: July 7, 2008 Received: July 9, 2008

Dear Mr. Taschek:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) a marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, perrmits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k072143

Device Name: S-Test Albumin (ALB)

Indications For Use: The S-Test Albumin Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of albumin concentration in serum or heparin plasma using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous diseases involving primarily the liver or kidneys. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories or physician office laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

Concurrence of CDRH Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)