# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Liquichek Microalbumin Control

# K072835

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1555

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Specialist Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

September 27, 2007

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name:

Liquichek Microalbumin Control Multi-Analyte Controls, (Assayed and unassayed)

Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Class |   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Urine Chemistry Control   
Bio-Rad Laboratories   
Irvine, California

Docket Number: K020817

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Microalbumin Control is prepared from human urine with added constituents of human, pure chemicals, preservatives and stabilizers. The control is provided in liquid form for convenience.

# 5.0 Statement of Intended Use

Liquichek Microalbumin Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control urine to monitor the precision of laboratory procedures listed in the package insert.

# 6.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Liquichek Microalbumin Control claims substantial equivalence to the Liquichek Urine Chemistry Control currently in commercial distribution (K020817). The new Liquichek Microalbumin Control contains claims only for microalbumin and creatinine.

Table 1. Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad LaboratoriesLiquichek Microalbumin Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad LaboratoriesLiquichek Urine Chemistry Control(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek  Microalbumin  Control  isintended for use as assayed qualitycontrol urine to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for analyteslisted in the package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiquichekUrine Chemistry Controlisintended for use as assayed quality controlurine to monitor the precision of laboratorytesting procedures for analytes listed in thepackage insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine based</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf StorageClaim (Unopened)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8Until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains: Microalbumin and creatinineDoes not contain:Amylase         - PotassiumCalcium         - PregnancyChloride         - Protein, TotalCortisol          SodiumGlucose           Specific GravityMagnesium       −UreaOsmolality       - Urea NitrogenpH              - Uric AcidPhosphorus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:Amylase        - PhosphorusCalcium         - PotassiumChloride        - PregnancyCortisol         Protein, TotalCreatinine       - SodiumGlucose         - Specific GravityMagnesium     - UreaMicroalbumin    -Urea NitrogenOsmolality       - Uric AcidpH</td></tr></table>

# 7.0 Summary of Performance Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for the Liquichek Microalbumin Control. Product claims are as follows:

7.1 Open vial: Once the control material is opened, all analytes will be stable for 30 days when stored tightly capped at $2 . 8 \circ _ { \mathsf { C } }$ .   
7.2 Shelf Life: Two years when stored at $2 { - } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \complement$ . Real time studies will be ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.   
All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

Bio-Rad Laboratories Diagnostics Group c/o Ms. Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Specialist 9500 Jeronimo Road Irvine, CA 92618-2017

Re: k072835 Trade Name: LiquichekTM Microalbumin Control Levels 1 & 2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJY Dated: October 01, 2007 Received: November 16, 2007

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device s classifed (see above)into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

K072835

Device Name: Liquichek Microalbumin Control

Indications For Use:

Liquichek Microalbumin Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of in Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Canll. Benen

Page 1 of

Olice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device uution and Safety