# K072141

# 510(k) SUMMARY

JUN 2 4 2008

<table><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Owner: Contact:</td><td colspan="2">Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technology, LLC 4 Henderson Drive West Caldwell, NJ 07006 Dennis Taschek</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Fax: June 19, 2008</td><td colspan="2">Phone: 973-852-0177 973-852-0237</td></tr><tr><td>Date Summary Prepared: Device:</td><td colspan="2">Trade Name:</td><td>S-Test IP; S-Test UA Reagent cartridge (21 C.F.R. § 862.1580, Product code CEO; 21 C.F.R. § 862.1775, Product code KNK</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Devices:</td><td colspan="2">Classification Common/Classification Name: 1. ACE plus ISE/Clinical Chemistry System ACE Inorganic Phosphorous Reagent (K931786)</td><td>Class I (reserved) Inorganic phosphorus; uric acid test systems Manufacturers for analyzer/reagent system predicates are:</td></tr><tr><td>3. Device Description:</td><td>Uric Acid Reagent (K942782)</td><td colspan="2">Inorganic Phosphorous Reagent (K961274) Uric Acid Reagent (K961274) Piccolo® xpress Chemistry Analyzer Inorganic Phosphorous Reagent (K942782) The S-Test inorganic phosphorus (IP) reagent cartridge, used with the S40 Clinical Analyzer, is intended for quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of IP in serum or heparin plasma based on a photometric test measuring the formation of molybdenum blue from IP and ammonium molybdate. The S-Test uric acid (UA) reagent cartridge, used with the S40 Clinical Analyzer, is intended for quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of UA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The S-Test Inorganic Phosphorous Reagent is intended for the quantitativedetermination of inorganic phosphorous concentration in serum or heparinplasma using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. Measurements of phosphorus(inorganic) are used in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders,including parathyroid gland and kidney diseases, and vitamin D imbalance.This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories or physician officelaboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.The S-Test Uric Acid Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination ofuric acid concentration in serum or heparin plasma using the S40 ClinicalAnalyzer. Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment ofnumerous renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout,leukemia, psoriasis, starvation or other wasting conditions, and of patientsreceiving cytotoxic drugs. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratoriesor physician office laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalCharacteristics:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The S-Test IP is a bi-reagent cartridge. Reagent 1 contains p-methylaminophenol sulfate and nonionic surface-active agent. Reagent 2contains ammonium molybdate and sulfuric acid.The S-Test UA is a bi-reagent cartridge. Reagent 1 contains N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxy-3-sulfopropyl)-m-toluidine sodium salt (TOOS), peroxidase, and 2-(N-morpholino) ethanesulfonic acid buffer (pH 6.9). Reagent 2 containsuricase (derived from yeast), 4-aminoantipyrine, and 2-(N-morpholino)ethanesulfonic acid buffer (pH 6.9).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceData:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance data on the S-Test IP and S-Test UA included precision,accuracy, and sensitivity data.S-Test IPPrecision: In testing conducted at three IP levels for 22 days, the within-runCV ranged from 1.5 to 2.9%, and total CV ranged from 2.6 to 4.0%. Inprecision studies at three separate Physician Office Laboratory (POL) sites andin-house over five days, the within-run CV ranged from 0.9 to 3.4% and thetotal CV ranged from 1.2 to 3.4%.Accuracy: In the correlation study, 95 samples with IP values ranging from1.1 to 8.9 mg/dL were assayed on the S40 Clinical Analyzer using S-Test IPand a comparison method. Least-squares regression analysis yielded acorrelation coefficient of 0.976, a standard error estimate of 0.3, a confidenceinterval slope of 1.026 to 1.150, and a confidence interval intercept of -0.03 to0.34. In patient correlation studies at three separate POL sites using the S40Clinical Analyzer and a comparison method, least-squares regression analysisyielded correlation coefficients ranging from 0.992 to 0.998, standard errorestimates of 0.10 to 0.21, confidence interval slopes of 1.002 to 1.173, and aconfidence interval intercept of -0.075 to 0.395.Sensitivity: The detection limit was 1.2 mg/dL.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>S-Test UA Precision: In testing conducted at three UA levels for 22 days, the within-run CV ranged from 0.9 to 2.1%, and total CV ranged from 3.1 to 3.5%. In precision studies at three separate POL sites and in-house over five days, the within-run CV ranged from 0.3 to 2.2% and total CV ranged from 0.7 to 2.3%. Accuracy: In the correlation study, 183 samples with UA values ranging from 2.9 to 20.2 mg/dL were assayed on the S40 Clinical Analyzer using S-Test UA and a comparison method. Least-squares regression analysis yielded a correlation coefficient of 0.974, a standard error estimate of 0.7, a confidence interval slope of 1.003 to 1.087, and a confidence interval intercept of -1.03 to -0.49. In patient correlation studies at three separate POL sites using the S40 Clinical Analyzer and a comparison method, least-squares regression analysis yielded correlation coefficients ranging from 0.967 to 0.995, standard error</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusions:</td><td>Sensitivity: The detection limit was 1.4 mg/dL. Based on the foregoing data, the device is safe and effective. These data also indicate substantial equivalence to the predicate devices.</td></tr></table>

# JUN 2 4 2008

Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies, Inc. c/o Mr. Daivd Slavin   
Vice President, Quality and Regulatory Affairs 4 Henderson Drive   
West Caldwell, NJ 07006

Re: k072141 Trade/Device Name: S Test Inorganic Phosphorous (IP) Reagent cartridge and S Test Uric Acid (UA) Reagent cartridge Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1580 Regulation Name: Phosphorous (inorganic) test system Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: CEO, KNK Dated: June 18, 2008 Received: June 19, 2008

Dear Mr. Slavin

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Pagc 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notificationTheDA fnding  substantial equivalence o your device toa lealy marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Proposed 510(k) Indications for Use

# Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technology, Inc. 510(k) Submission K072141

S40 Clinical Analyzer S-Test IP S-Test UA

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

K072141

Device Name:

S-Test Inorganic Phosphorus (IP)

Indications for Use:

The S-Test Inorganic Phosphorous Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of inorganic phosphorous concentration in serum or heparin plasma using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. Measurements of phosphorus (inorganic) are used in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders, including parathyroid gland and kidney diseases, and vitamin D imbalance. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories or physician office laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technology, Inc. 510(k) Submission K072141

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number K072141 (if known):

Device Name: S-Test Uric Acid (UA)

Indications for Use: The S-Test Uric Acid Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of uric acid concentration in serum or heparin plasma using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia, psoriasis, starvation or other wasting conditions, and of patients receiving cytotoxic drugs. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories or physician office laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.