OneTouch Select Bbod G lucoseM onitoring System

510 (k) Sum m ary

# K072543

<table><tr><td>Sponsor Correspondent</td><td>LifeScan, Inc. 1000 Gibraltar Drive Milpitas, CA 95035 U.S.A. Primary 510(k) Contact:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Alison Wilson LifeScan Scotland Ltd. Beechwood Park North Inverness, IV2 3ED United Kingdom Phone: 011-44-1463-721256 e-mail: awilson4@lfsgb.jnj.com Alternate 510(k) Contact: Mary Ellen Holden LifeScan Inc. 1000 Gibraltar Drive Milpitas, CA 95035 U.S.A. Phone: 408 942 3589</td></tr><tr><td>D evice N am e and C lassification</td><td>E-mail: Mholden@lfsus.jnj.com OneTouch® SelectTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System Common name: Glucose test system Classification: (1) OneTouch® SclectTM Blood Glucose Meters and OneTouch® SelectTM Test Strips are Class II devices (21 CFR § 862.1345) (2) OneTouch® SelectTM Control Solutions are a Class I device (21 CFR § 862.1660) (3) OneTouch® Lancing Device with OneTouch® AST ClcarCapTM, OneTouch® UltraSoft® Adjustablc Blood Sampler with OneTouch® UltraClear® Cap and OneTouch® UltraSoft® Stcrile Lancets are Class I (exempt) devices (21 CFR § 878.4800)</td></tr></table>

System Description The OncTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SelectTM Blood Glucose Monitoring Systcm consists of the OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Select™M Meter, OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SelectTM Test Strips (provided separately), OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Select™M Control Solution (provided separately), OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Select™M High Control Solution (provided separately), either the OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UltraSoft $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Adjustable Blood Sampler with OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UltraClear $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cap or the OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Lancing Device with OncTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ AST ClearCap and OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ UltraSoft Sterile Lancets.

The OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Select™M meter, test strip and high control solution are modifications of the OneTouch Ultra $2 \textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ meter, test strip and normal control solution, respectively.

Thcre are no changes to other system testing components compared to the currently marketed product.

Predicate Device OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Ultra $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ 2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Intended U se

The OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SclectT™M Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucosc in fresh capillary whole blood. The OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Select™M System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by pcople with diabetes at home and/or by healthcare professionals in a clinical setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SelectTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System is specifically indicated for use on the finger, forearm or palm.

Com parison to Predicate D evice The modifications to the device encompass:

M eter: ergonomic/physical design, electronic/hardware, software/firmware changes. • Test Strip: changes to appearance and layout of electrodes ControlSolution : availability of a second level of control

T eeha a material composition of the device.

TechnobgicalC haracteristics There has bn o change to the unamtal cinti tcy.

Sum m ary of Perform ance Characteristics There has been no change to the performance characteristics of the system.

A comparison of system accuracy performance demonstrated that the OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ SelectTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the currently marketed OneTouch Ultra 2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System are substantially equivalent.

Design Verification testing (including software verification and validation testing) confirmed that the performance, safety, and effectiveness of the OneTouch® Select™M Blood Glucose Monitoring System were cquivalent to that of the predicate device.

The modified blood glucose monitoring system (meter, strips, and control) was tested in accordance with ISO 15197:2003(E). Analytical performance testing included system accuracy, repeatability and intermediate precision testing. A Uscr performance evaluation asscssed accuracy of results and usability of the device (human factors) in thc hands of intended users. In addition, comprehension of the proposed product labcling was validated.

# Conclusion

The OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SclectTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate OneTouch Ultra 2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

LifeScan, Inc. c/o Ms. Alison Wilson Regulatory Affairs Specialist 1000 Gibraltar Drive Milpitas, CA 95035-6312

# OCT 5 " 2007

Re: k072543 Trade/Device Name: OneTouch $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ SelectτM Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: September 07, 2007 Received: September 10, 2007

Dear Ms. Wilson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclasifie in aordance with the provisions f the Federal Food Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html. →

Sincerely yours,

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k072543

Device Name: OneTouch® Select ™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

The OneTouch Select Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The OneTouch Select System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes in a home setting and/or by healthcare professionals in a clinical setting as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

The OneTouch Select Blood Glucose Monitoring System is specifically indicated for use on the finger, forearm or palm.