# 510 (k) Number:

K072717

# Analyte:

Bilirubin

# Type of Test:

Calibrator Material

# Applicant:

Dade Behring Inc.   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714-6101   
Helen M. Lee Regulatory Affairs and Compliance Manager Office Phone: 302.631.8706   
Fax: 302.631.6299

Proprietary and Established Name: Dimension Vista® System Bilirubin Calibrator (BILI CAL - KC210)

# Regulatory Information:

Regulation Section: 21 CFR $^ { \ S }$ 862.1150 - Calibrator

Classification: Class II

Product Code: JIT - Calibrator, Secondary

Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# Intended Use:

The BILI CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of Direct Bilirubin (DBIL) and Total Bilirubin (TBIL) methods on the Dimension Vista $\circled{8}$ System.

# Device Description:

The BILI calibrator is a two level calibrator. Level 1, purified system water, is provided on-board the Dimension Vista® System. Level 2 is a liquid, bovine serum albumin based material spiked with ditaurobilirubin and traceable to NIST Standard Reference Material 916a.

# $5 1 0 ( k )$ Summary for Dimension Vista® System Bilirubin Calibrator (BILI CAL - KC210)

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

Predicate Device: Dimension Vista ™ System TBIL Flex reagent cartridge and TDBIL Calibrator (k061719).

Comparison to the Predicate Device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension Vista T SystemTDBIL Calibrator (Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimension Vista® SystemBILI Calibrator (Proposed)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The TDBIL CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product forcalibration of the DirectBilirubin (DBIL) and TotalBilirubin (TBIL) methods onthe Dimension Vista ™MSystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The BILI CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product forcalibration of the DirectBilirubin (DBIL) and TotalBilirubin (TBIL) methods onthe Dimension Vista® System.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ditaurobilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ditaurobilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LevelsBilirubin Concentration in(mg/dL)Total (TBIL)Direct (DBIL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (CAL A)Level 1- is on-board, purifiedsystem waterLevel 2 (27.5)Level 2 (19.25)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One (CAL A)Level 1- is on-board, purifiedsystem waterLevel 2 (27.5)Level 2 (17.5)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 vials, 1 mL each vial(hydrated volume)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 vials, 2.5 mL each</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>National Institute of Standardsand Technology (NIST),Standard Reference Material(SRM) 916a.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>National Institute of Standardsand Technology (NIST),Standard Reference Material(SRM) 916a.</td></tr></table>

# Comments on Substantial Equivalence:

Both the proposed Dade Behring Dimension Vista® BILI Calibrator and the existing Dimension Vista® TDBIL Calibrator are in vitro diagnostic products for calibrating the DBIL and TBIL methods.

# Conclusion:

The Dimension Vista® BILI Calibrator is substantially equivalent o he Dimension Vista TDBL Calibrator based upon he comparison discussed above.

# DEC 1 2 2007

Dade Behring Inc.   
c/o Ms. Helen M. Lee,   
Regulatory Affairs & Compliance Manager P.O. Box 6101, Mail Box 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k072717 Trade Name: Dimension Vista® System Bilirubin Calibrator (BILI CAL  KC210) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIT Dated: November 05, 2007 Received: November 06, 2007

Dear Ms. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and 809); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number(i know): K072717

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista® System BILI Calibrator (KC210)

# Indications for Use:

Te BLI AL snvi opdc rhe ratn he D Bilubn (DBIL) and Tota! Bilirubin (TBIL) methods on the Dimension Vista® System.

Ortice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device uation and Safety