# JAZZTM 510 (k) SUMMARY

# K072413

This summary of $5 ! 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1Submitter's Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person, and date the summary was prepared.

Submitter's Name:

Connie Hertel AgaMatrix, Inc. 10 Manor Parkway Salem, NH 03079

# Contact Person:

Connie Hertel   
Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs   
(603) 328-6051   
(603) 893-4191

Telephone: Fax:

Date the summary prepared:

# Device Name

Trade/Propritary Name: Common/Usual Name: Classification Name:   
Class:   
Panel:   
WaveSense $\mathrm { J A Z Z ^ { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Glucose test system (per 21 CFR 862.1345)   
II   
Chemistry

# Modification Device:

The modification of WaveSense JAZZblood glucose system does not require the user to enter a calibration code.

Therefore, the device is will be marketed as a NO CODING REQUIRED Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Description of the Device:

The AgaMatrix WaveSense JAZZ™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System includes a meter with batteries, compact carrying case, Lancing device, lancets, control solution and owner's booklet. Test Strips are sold separately.

# 510(k) Summary (Continued)

It is intended for over-the-counter home use by diabetics to monitor their blood glucose levels, or for use in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals. The system tests fresh capillary whole blood. The meter is a portable, battery-operated instrument.

# Intended use of the device:

The WaveSense JAZZ ™M Blood Glucose Monitoring System in intended to quantitatively measure blood glucose levels, also known as blood sugar, from fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the fingertips, palm, or forearem. The e oly.The WaveSense JAZ System is not for intended for use with neonates.

# Testing:

The manufacturer of the WaveSense JAZZ ™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System certifies that the device complies with the following:

ISO 15197:2003 In vitro diagnostic test systems- Requirements for blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus.

ISO 14971:2000 Medical devices  Application of risk management to Medical devices

IEC 61010-1 Medical electrical equipment  General requirement for safety

I EC 61010-2 Safety requirement for electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use - particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment

IEC 61000-403 Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

# 6 Conclusions

Based upon the testing and comparison to the predicate device, the WaveSense $\mathrm { J A Z Z ^ { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System which does not require coding, has the same intended uses, with similar technological characteristics as the predicate device. The system performs as intended and raises no new safety of effectiveness issues.

AgaMatrix, Inc.   
c/o Connie Hertel   
Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs 10 Manor Parkway   
Salem, NH 03079

# SEP 2 7 2007

Re: k072413 Trade/Device Name: AgaMatrix JAZZTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: August 27, 2007 Received: August 28, 2007

Dear Ms. Hertel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarkt notifitio.The A indng substantial euivalence yourdevice to a ally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html. Sincerely yours,   
Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Yean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K072413   
Device Name: JAZZTM   
Indication For Use:

# AaMatrix JAZZBlood GlucoseMontrinyse:

AaMatrix JAZBloo Gu Mo steen r measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger stick, palm, and/or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix $\mathbf { J A Z Z ^ { T M } }$ Blood Glucose Meter:

AgaMatrix $\mathbf { J A Z Z ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ Blood Glucose Meter is intended for use with AgaMatrix JAZZTM Blood Glucose Test Strips for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger stick, palm, and/or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix $\mathbf { J A Z Z ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ Blood Glucose Test Strips:

AgaMatrix JAZZ' Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for use with AgaMatrix JAZZ™ Blood Glucose Meter for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger stick, palm and/or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# aix JZoll oal even ge

AgaMatrix JAZZ' Control Solutions are intended for use with the AgaMatrix JAZZ Meter and AgaMatrix JAZZ™ Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

Prescription Use X And/Or Over the Counter Use _X . (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)