# K073488

MAR - 7 2008

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter's name:

Diazyme Laboratories

Submitter's address:

12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 USA

# Name of Contact Person:

Charles Yu Diazyme Laboratories 12889 Gregg Court Poway, CA 92064 Phone: 858-455-4761 Fax: 858-455-4750

# Date the Summary was Prepared:

September 24, 2007

# Name of the Device

Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay

Trade Name:

Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay

Common/Usual Name

Apolipoprotein B Test System

Device Classification Name

Alpha-1-lipoprotein Immunological Test System

# Reagents

# Product code:

MSJ

Submission Type

510k

Regulation Number

862.1475

Device Class

II

# Calibrator

JIT

Product code: Submission Type Regulation Number Device Class

510k

862.1150

II

# Control

JJX

Product code: Submission Type Regulation Number Device Class

510k

862.1660

I Reserved

# Predicate Device:

For the Alpha-1-lipoprotein Immunological Test System Lipoprotein test system, we are claiming equivalence [807.92(a) (3) to K-ASSAY APO B ASSAY (k993354) manufactured by Kamiya Biomedical Company

# Substantial Equivalence Information

1. Predicate device name(s): K-Assay Apo B Assay

2. Predicate 510(k) number(s): K993354

# 3. Comparison with predicate:

# Indications for Use

<table><tr><td>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>The Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay is intended for the quantitative determination of apolipoprotein B (apo B) in serum. It can be used as an aid for assessing the risk of coronary artery disease.</td><td>For the quantitative determination of hu- man Apolipoprotein B (Apo B) in serum by immunoturbidimetric assay.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

# Principle

Test Objective   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Assay B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method is based on the reaction of asample containing human Apo B and a spe-cific antiserum to form an insoluble complexwhich can be measured turbidimetrically at340nm. By constructing a standard curvefrom the absorbance of standards the concen-tration of Apo B can be determined.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method quantifies Apolipoprotein AIbased on immunoturbidimetric assay. Thereagent uses a goat polyclonal antibodyspecific for human Apolipoprotein B. Theantibody binds to the Apo B in the serumforming light scattering immune com-plexes, which increase the turbidity of thesample. Since the turbidity is proportionalto the amount of Apo B in the sample, theApolipoprotein B concentration can be de-termined by measuring this increase in tur-bidity. The increase in turbidity is meas-ured at 600 nm. Apolipoprotein B in thesample is quantitatively determined.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similar</td></tr></table>

Type of Test   

<table><tr><td>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>The Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay is intended for the quantitative determination of apolipoprotein B (apo B) in serum. It can be used as an aid for assessing the risk of coronary artery disease.</td><td>For the quantitative determination of hu- man Apolipoprotein B (Apo B) in serum by immunoturbidimetric assay.</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td><td>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td>Quantitative</td><td>Quantitative</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Specimen Type

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Product Type

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, Reagent, Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator, Reagent, Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance

<table><tr><td>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Reportable Range: Serum: 25.0 - 160 mg/dL Precision/Serum: Within Run: 1.2% -1.4%</td><td>Reportable Range: Serum: 25 - 250 mg/dL Precision/Serum: Within Run: 1.44% -2.12% Total: 1.09%2.33%</td></tr></table>

# Calibrator Comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Assay Apo B Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equivalency</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazyme Apolipoprotein B calibrator value istraceable to the WHO/IFCC Reference Stan-dard.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K-Assay Apo B calibrator value is traceableto the WHO International ReferenceMaterial for Apo B, SP3-07.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

General Atomics   
Diazyme Laboratories Division,   
c/o Mr. Charles Yu   
Quality System Manager   
12889 Gregg Court   
Poway, CA 92064

Re: k073488 Trade Name: Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1475 Regulation Name: Lipoprotein test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: MSJ, JIT, JJX Dated: February 21, 2008 Received: February 22, 2008

Dear Mr. Yu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to vi at havbe asc wi e iins  Fedal F and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S. D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K073486

Device Name: Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay

Indications for Use: The Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay is intended for the quantitative determination of apolipoprotein B (apo B) in serum. It can be used as an aid for assessing the risk of coronary artery disease. For in vitro Diagnostic use.

# Calibrator:

For calibration of the Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay in serum. For in vitro Diagnostic Use.

# Controls:

To monitor the performance of Diazyme Apolipoprotein B Assay in serum. For in vitro Diagnostic Use.