<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thomas Y.S. ShenApex BioTechnology Corp.No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V, Hsinchu Science ParkHsinchu, 30078 CHINA (TAIWAN)Phone: 011-886-3-5641952FAX: 011-886-3-5678302</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thomas Y.S. Shen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 21, 2007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoSure Star Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class Il</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA, NBW, JJX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoTrack Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k062799)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceDescription:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GlucoSure Star consists of a meter, test strips, and controlsolutions for use in measuring blood glucose as an aid to monitorthe effectiveness of diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;The GlucoSure Star Blood Glucose Monitoring System isintended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in freshcapillary whole blood taken from fingertips, palm, or forearm.Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It isindicated for both lay use by people with diabetes and in aclinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid tomonitoring levels in Diabetes Mellitus.&quot;The GlucoSure Star is identical to the GlucoTrack except for theaddition of the palm and forearm sampling site claims.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical testing was done with persons with diabetes to verifyproper performance for Alternate Site Testing (AsT) using palmand forearm blood sampling. Professional fingertip meter resultswere compared with AST results collected both by professionalsand by persons with diabetes. Data were analyzed by linearregression analysis, Clarke Error Grid analysis and bias analysis.Results met pass/fail performance criteria.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The addition of the AST blood sampling claim does not adverselyaffect performance of the device. The new device with themodified AST blood sampling claim is substantially equivalent tothe predicate device with its original Intended Use.</td></tr></table>

Apcx Biotechnology Corp. c/o Mr. Thomas Y. S. Shen Chairman & CEO No. 7, Li-Hsin Road V Hsinchu Science Park Hsinchu, 30078 Taiwan, ROC

# APR 1 0 2008

Re: k073648 Trade Name: Glucosure Star Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model as90000e1 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Monitoring System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NBW, CGA Dated: February 21, 2008 Received: February 25, 2008

Dear Mr. Shen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (f known): K073648

Device Name: GlucoSure Star Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

GlucoSure Star Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The GlucoSure Star Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood taken from fingertips, palm, or forearm. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). The GlucoSure Star System is plasma-calibrated for easy comparison to lab results. It is indicated for both lay use by people with diabetes and in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitoring levels in Diabetes Mellitus.

GlucoSure Star Test Strips:

The GlucoSure Star Blood Glucose Test Strips are to be used with the GlucoSure Star Blood Gluose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capilary whole blood taken from fingertips, palm, or forearm.

(tiption AND/OR (2ver-The-Counter Usec) X (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)