JUN 1 3 2008

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKRAY Factory USA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tom SpeikersDirector, Quality Systems and Regulatory AffairsARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th StreetMinneapolis, MN 55439Phone: 952-646-3168Fax: 952-646-3110speikerst@ARKRAYusa.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>November 8, 2007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345; Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA, NBW, JJX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Advance Micro-draw BGM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of ameter, sensor test strips, and control solutions for use as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intendedfor the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. Testing is doneoutside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use athome (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinicalsettings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A full array of in-house and clinical testing was done consistent withrelevant FDA guidance&#x27;s for blood glucose monitoring systems.Bench testing included evaluation of interferences, linearity, linearrange, altitude effects, control solution functionality, and analyticalprecision.Clinical testing included evaluation of accuracy for both finger stick andAlternate Site Testing.Safety testing included evaluation of EMC.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling, bench testing results and clinical testing results support theIndications for Use and the claim of substantial equivalence to thepredicate.</td></tr></table>

ARKRAY Factory USA, Inc c/o Mr. Tom Speikers 5182 W. $7 6 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ Street Minneapolis, MN 55439

Re: k073416 Trade/Device Name: ARKRAY GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S \ 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: April 30, 2008 Received: May 01, 2008

Dear Mr. Speikers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter will llow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) prearke noifiatio.The FDA ndi ubstantal euivalnce o your device ta aly marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation enititled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k073416

Device Name: ARKRAY GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Monitoring System

Indication For Use: GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Meter:

The GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Meter is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. GLUCOCARDTM 01 SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Meter. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GLUCOCARDTM 01 SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips:

GLUCOCARDTM 01 SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. GLUCOCARDTM 01 SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Meter. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). They are indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

GLUCOCARDIM OT CONTROL:

For use with GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Meter and GLUCOCARDTM 01 SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results. Control solutions are available in three levels - Low (L), Normal (N) and High (H).

Prescription Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)