# 510(k) SUMMARY

This Summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92 The assigned 10ok) umbers: K07 3612

# A. Introduction:

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92 the following information provides sufficent detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

B. Submitter's information Name: Address:

Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy   
Ratastie 2   
P.O. Box 100   
FIN-01621 Vantaa   
Finland   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 329 100 tel   
$+ 3 5 8$ (9) 3291 0500 fax   
Päivi Sormunen, Vice President of QRC   
December 10th, 2007   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Contact person:   
Date of Preparation:

# C. Device name

Proprietary name: Common name: Classification: Class: Product Code:

Uric Acid (A0X), codes 981391 and 981788   
Uric acid   
Clinical Chemistry   
I   
KNK

Proprietary name: Common Name: Classification: Class: Product Code:

sCal, code 981831   
Calibrator, Multi-Analyte Mixture   
Clinical Chemistry   
II   
JIX

Proprietary name: Common Name: Classification: Class: Product Code:

Nortrol, code 981043   
Multi-analyle Controls (Assayed and unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry   
I   
JJY

Proprietary name: Common Name: Classification: Class: Product Code:

Abtrol, code 981044   
Multi-analyte Controls (Assayed and unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry   
I   
JJY

# Intended Use

Uric Acid (AOX) For in vitro diagnostic use in the quantitative delermination of uric acid concentration in human serum or plasma on T60 instrument.

sCal, code 981831

For in vitro diagnostic use on T60 instrument. sCal is used as a multicalibrator for quantitative measurements using methods defined by Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy.

# Nortrol

For in vilro diagnostic use for quantitative testing on T60 instrument. Nortrol is a control serum to monitor trueness and precision of the analytes listed in the separate Nortrol value sheet. The given values are valid for T60 Clinical Chemistry Instruments using methods defined by Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy.

# Abtrol

For in vitro diagnostic use for quantitative testing on T60) instrument. Abtrol is a control serum to monitor trueness and precision of the analytes listed in the separate Abtrol value sheet. The given values are valid for T60 Clinical Chemistry Instruments using methods defined by Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy.

# E. Indications for use

The Uric Acid (AOX) test system is intended for quantitative in vitro diagnostic measurement of uric acid concentration in human serum or plasma. Such measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure and gout.

For sCal Calibrator, Nortrol and Abtrol see intended use.

F. Substantial Equivalence Bayer Corporation, model Bayer ADVIA 2400 Chemistry System.

Bayer Corporation item: Bayer ADVIA Uric Acid (UA) assay.

# G. Substantial equivalence -similarities

Uric Acid is substantially equivalent to other devices legally marketed in United States. We claim equivalence to the Bayer ADVIA Uric Acid (UA) assay (K991576).

The following table compares the Uric Acid with the predicate device   
Table 1   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New device #1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device #1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination of uricacid concentration in humanserum or plasma on T60instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use inthe quantitative determinationof uric acid in human serum,plasma and urine on theADVIA® 1650 Chemistrysystem. Such measurementsare used in the diagnosis andtreatment of renal failure, goutand eclampsia</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Uric Acid test system isintended for quantitative in vitrodiagnostic measurement of uricacid concentration in humanserum or plasma. Suchmeasurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment ofnumerous renal and metabolicdisorders, including renal failureand gout.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See intended use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid is oxidized to allantoinby uricase. The generatedhydrogen peroxide reacts with 4-aminoantipyrine (4-AAP) and N-ethyl-N-(hydroxy-3-sulfopropyl)-m-toluidin (TOOS) to a blueviolet dye. The absorbance of theformed colour is measured at 540nm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The uric acid is converted byuricase to allantoin andhydrogen peroxide. A coloredcomplex is formed fromhydrogen peroxide, 4-aminophenazone and TOOS[N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxy-sulfopropyl)-3-methylaniline]under the catalytic influenceof peroxide. The absorbanceof the complex is measured asan endpoint reaction at 545nm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability/Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The value of Uric Acid has beenassigned by using NIST SRM909b as a primary reference.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ADVIA 1650 Uric Acidmethod is traceable to theCDC candidate referencemethod, which usesreference materials from theNational Institute of Standardsand Technology (NIST) viapatient sample correlation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma (Li-heparin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma (Li-heparin)and urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents in unopened vials arestable al 2.. 8 °C until theexpiration date printed on thelabel, when protected from light.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2° - 8°C. Unopenedreagents are stable until theexpiration date printed on theproduct label.</td></tr><tr><td>Expected Values</td><td>Serum, adult: Male: 3.5 - 7.2 mg/dl (210 - 420 μmol/l) Female: 2.6 - 6.0 mg/dl (150 - 350) μmol/l)</td><td>Serum: Male: 3.5 - 7.2 mg/dL (208 - 428 μmol/L) Female: 2.6 - 6.0 mg/dL (155 - 357 μmol/L) Urine 250 - 750 mg/day (1.48 - 4.43 mmol/day)</td></tr><tr><td>Instrument</td><td>T60 and DPC T60i, DPC T60i Kusti Serum:</td><td>ADVIA® 2400 Chemistry system. Serum: 0 - 20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Measuring Range</td><td>0.2 - 20.0 mg/dl (10 - 1200 μmol/l) Within run</td><td>Urine: 0 - 180 mg/dL Serum:</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td>Level 1.2 mg/ dL SD=0.009 CV(%)= 0.8 Level 2.3 mg/ dL SD= 0.017 CV(%)= 0.7 Level 4.4 mg/ dL SD= 0.030 CV(%)= 0.7</td><td>Within run Level 3.9 mg/dL SD= 0.04 CV(%)= 1.1 Level 8.6 mg/dL SD= 0.10 CV(%)= 1.1 Level 10.0 mg/dL SD= 0.06</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalLevel 1.2 mg/ dLSD=0.026CV(%)= 2.3Level 2.3 mg/ dLSD=0.038CV(%)=1.7Level 4.4 mg/ dLSD= 0.123CV(%)=2.8Level 8.9 mg/ dLSD= 0.094CV(%)= 1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalLevel 12.4 mg/dLSD= 0.14CV(%)=1.1Level 23.9 mg/dLSD= 1.24CV(%)= 5.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison to Bayer ADVIA2400y = 1.06x - 0.12R= 0.999range from 0.3 to 12.6 mg/dLN = 105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum:Technicon DAXy = 1.51x +0.48r = 0.994N = 154Range 0.2 - 18.0 mg/dLReference Methody = 1.01x - 0.05r = 0.999N = 49Range 1.7 -19.5 mg/dLUrine:Beckman CX7y = 1.03x -0.5r=0.989N = 30Range 8 -91 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limitations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipemia:No interference found up to 900mg/dl (9 g/l) of Intralipid.Hemolysate:No interference found up to 1000mg/dl (10 g/l) of hemoglobinBilirubin conjugated:No interference found up to 11mg/dl (200 µmol/l) of conjugatedbilirubinBilirubin total:No interference found up to 14mg/dl (250 μmol/l) ofunconjugated bilirubin.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemolysate:No significant interferencefound up to 525 mg/dl ofhemoglobin.Bilirubin:No significant interferencefound up to 30 mg/dl.Triglycerides:The effect of triglycerides hasbeen measured at analyteconcentrations 3.4 mg/dL and8.9 mg/ dL. The observedinterference is expressed as aninterference index. Pleaserefer to ADVIA 1650 UricAcid (UA) package insert.</td></tr></table>

# MAY 2 3 2008

Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy   
c/o Ms. Päivi Sormunen, Vice President of Industrial Solutions & QRC   
Ratastie 2, P.O. Box 100   
Fin-01621 Vantaa   
Finland

Re: K073612 Trade Name: sCal, Nortrol, Abtrol, Uric Acid (AOX) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 1 5 0$ Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: JIX, JJY, KNK Dated: April 2, 2008 Received: April 4, 2008

Dear Ms. Sormunen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification.The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally imarketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other gencral information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (ifknown): 073612

Device Name: Uric Acid (AOX), sCal, Nortrol, Abtrol

The Uric Acid test system is intended for quantitative in vitro diagnostic measurement of uric acid concentration in human serum or plasma. Such measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure and gout.

For in vitro diagnostic use on T60 instrument. sCal is used as a multicalibrator for quantitative measurements using methods defined by Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy

For in vitro diagnostic use for quantitative testing on T60 instrument. Nortrol is a control serum to monitor trueness and precision of the analytes listed in the separate Nortrol value sheet. The given values are valid for T60 Clinical Chemistry Instruments using methods defined by Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy.

For in vitro diagnostic use for quantitative testing on T60 instrument. Abtrol is a control serum to monitor trueness and precision of the analytes listed in the separate Abtrol value sheet. The given values are valid for T60 Clinical Chemistry Instruments using methods defined by Thermo Fisher Scientific Oy.

And/Or

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

aL

Divin Sign-Off   
Offic of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) k073412