# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 317-521-2458

Contact Person: Stephanie Greenan

Date Prepared: March 5, 2008

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys Anti-TSHR CalCheck

Common name: Anti-TSHR CalCheck

Classification name: Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

# Predicate device

The Elecsys Anti-TSHR CalCheck is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed Elecsys C-Peptide CalCheck (K040157).

# Device Description

The Elecsys Anti-TSIIR CalCheck is a lyophilized product consisting of human anti-TSHR antibodies in human scrum matrix. During manufacture, the analytes are spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended usc

For use in the verification of the calibration cstablished by the Elecsys AntiTSHR reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas c immunoassay analyzers.

The table below compares Elecsys Anti-TSHr CalCheck with the predicate device, Elecsys C-Peptide Calcheck (K040157).

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys C- Peptide CalCheck(K040157)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Anti-TSHR CalCheck</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by theElecsys C-Peptide reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by the ElecsysAnti-TSHR reagent on the indicatedElecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rcconstitute with cxactly 1.0 mnLdistilled or dcionized water andallow standing closed for 15minutes, then mixing gently.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8째C until expirationdateReconstituted:20 - 25 째C : 4 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8째C until expiration dateReconstituted:15 - 25 째C : 5 hrs</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>equine serum matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

The Elecsys Anti-TSHR CalCheck was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

Roche Diagnostics c/o Ms. Stephanie Greeman 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

# AUG 2 2 2008

Re: k080643 Trade Name: Elecsys Anti-TSHR CalCheck Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I (reserved) Product Codes: JJX Dated: July 29, 2008 Received: July 31, 2008

Dear Ms. Greeman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) n ua marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510) K0804303

Device Name: Elecsys Anti-TSHR CalCheck

Indication For Use:

For use in the verification of the calibration established by the Elecsys Anti-TSHR reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.