# 510(k) Summary - Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C, Calibrator and Control Set

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Rd Indianapolis IN 46250 (317) 521-7637

Contact person: Kerwin Kaufman

Date prepared: May 30, 2008

# Device Name

Assay: Proprietary name: Tina-quant Cystatin C Common name: Cystatin C Classification name: Test, Cystatin C

Calibrator:   
Proprietary name: Cfas (Calibrator for automated systems) Cystatin C   
Common name: Cystatin C calibrator   
Classification name: Calibrator, secondary   
Control:   
Proprietary name: Cystatin C Control Set   
Common name: Cystatin C Quality control material (assayed)   
Classification name: Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and   
unassayed)

# Device Description

# Assay:

The Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C is an immunoturbidimetric assay for the quantitative in vitro determination of cystatin C in human serum and plasma on Roche automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The test principle is a particle enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. Human cystatin C agglutinates with latex particles coated with anti-cystatin C antibodies. The precipitate is determined turbidimetrically.

# 510(k) Summary - Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C, Calibrator and Control Set, Continued

# Calibrator:

Device Description (continued)

Cfas Cystatin C is a liquid, ready-for-use calibrator based on pooled delipidated human serum enriched with recombinant human cystatin C produced in E. Coli. Single level calibrators with lot specific values are diluted on board the analyzer to create a 6-point calibration curve.

# Control:

Cystatin C Control Set contains 2 controls based on pooled delipidated human serum enriched with human recombinant cystatin C produced in E. Coli. The adjusted concentrations of the control component are in the low concentration range for Control Low and the elevated concentration range for Control High.

# Intended use

# Assay:

Immunoturbidimetric assay for the quantitative in vitro determination of cystatin C in human serum and plasma on Roche automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

# Calibrator:

Cfas (Calibrator for automated systems) Cystatin C is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

Control: Cystatin C Control Set is for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.

# Predicate Device

We claim substantial equivalence to the DakoCytomation Cystatin C Immunoparticles, Cystatin C Calibrator Kit and Cystatin C Control Set cleared in 510(k) K041627.

# Substantial equivalency Reagent

The table below provides a comparison of the predicate device, DakoCytomation Cystatin C Immunoparticles (K041627) and the new device, Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device:DakoCytomation Cystatin CImmunoparticles (K041627)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New Device:Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use. Forprofessional use only. Cystatin CImmunoparticles are intended forthe quantitative determination ofcystatin C in human serum,heparinized plasma and EDTAplasma by turbidimetry andnephelometry. Cystatin Cmeasurements are used as an aid inthe diagnosis and treatment of renaldiseases.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoturbidimetric assay for thequantitative in vitro determinationof cystatin C in human serum andplasma on Roche automatedclinical chemistry analyzers.Cystatin C measurements are usedas an aid in the diagnosis andtreatment of renal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, heparinized plasma, EDTAplasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and Lithium-heparinizedplasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Particle enhancedimmunoturbidimctric assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability /Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The cystatin C value assignment hasbeen carried out by turbidimetryusing a precise transfer protocolensuring traceability to a purerecombinant cystatin C referencepreparation, where the cystatin Cconcentration was established bydry mass determination.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This method has been standardizedagainst an in-house referencepreparation of pure recombinanthuman cystatin C. The cystatin Cconcentration of this referencepreparation was established by drymass determination as described inreference.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DakoCytomation Cystatin CCalibrator, single levelDiluted to form a 6-point calibrationcurve</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C.f.a.s. Cystatin C Calibrator,single levelDiluted to form a 6-pointcalibration curve</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DakoCytomation Cystatin C ControlSet, 2-level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cystatin C Control Set, 2-level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individuals 1-50 years:0.55-1.15 mg/LIndividuals &gt; 50 years:0.63-1.44 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hitachi 911, Hitachi 917,MODULAR P, Cobas Mira Plus and1MMAGE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hitachi 917, MODULAR P, andcobas c 501</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~0.4 - 7.5 mg/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 - 8.0 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodcomparisonwith Dakopredicate</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Passing Bablok: y = 1.009x + 0.019t = 0.96Lincar regression: y = 1.014x + 0.011r= 0.999N=94, Range of X = 0.61-6.05 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td>Total CV: 2.1% @ 3.95 mg/L 2.6% @ 0.96 mg/L 5.9% @ 0.45 mg/L 2.0% @ 1.71 mg/L 2.3% @ 5.37 mg/L</td><td>Within run CV: 0.91% @ 4.48 mg/L 0.97% @ 0.95 mg/L 1.71% @ 0.75 mg/L 0.67% @ 5.14 mg/L Total CV: 2.50% @ 4.35 mg/L 3.13% @ 0.94 mg/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5"></td><td>Bilirubin, conjugated: No interference was found for conjugated bilirubin up to 600 mg/L (60 mg/dL). Bilirubin, unconjugated: No interference was found for</td><td>Icterus: No significant interference up to an I index of 60 (approximate conjugated and unconjugated bilirubin concentration: 60 mg/dL or 1026 µmol/L).</td></tr><tr><td>unconjugated bilirubin up to 600 mg/L (60 mg/dL). Hemoglobin:</td><td>Hemolysis: No significant interference up to an H index of 700 (approximate hemoglobin concentration: 700 mg/dL or 435 μmol/L).</td></tr><tr><td>No interference was found for hemoglobin up to 10 g/L (1000 mg/dL).</td><td>Lipemia (Intralipid): No significant interference up to an L index of 1000.</td></tr><tr><td>Triglyceride: No interference was found for triglyceride up to 15 g/L (1500 mg/dL).</td><td>There is poor correlation between the L index (corresponds to turbidity) and triglycerides concentration.</td></tr><tr><td>Rheumatoid Factor: No interference was found for rheumatoid factor up to 1200 IU/mL.</td><td>Rheumatoid factors &lt; 1200 IU/mL do not interfere. A high-dose hook effect may occur</td></tr><tr><td>tested).</td><td>No antigen excess is found for cystatin C concentrations below 28 mg/L (the highest concentration</td><td>at cystatin C concentrations &gt;20.0 mg/L. Drugs: No interference was found at therapeutic concentrations</td></tr><tr><td>No interference was observed.</td><td>All drugs described in reference 7 were investigated according to the recommendations in reference 7.</td><td>using common drug panels (see references 18 and 19 in labeling). In very rare cases gammopathy, in</td></tr></table>

The table below provides a comparison of the predicate device, DakoCytomation Cystatin C Calibrator (K041627) and the new device, Cfas (Calibrator for automated systems) Cystatin C.

Substantial equivalency - Calibrator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device:DakoCytomation Cystatin CCalibrator (K041627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:Roche Cfas (Calibrator forautomated systems) Cystatin C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Calibrator is intended forestablishing calibration curves forthe quantitative immunologicaldetermination of human cystat C byturbidimetry or nephelometry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cfas (Calibrator for automatedsystems) Cystatin C is for use in thecalibration of quantitative Rochemethods on Roche clinicalchemistry analyzers as specified inthe value sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A liquid pool of delipidated humanserum enriched with recombinanthuman cystatin C produced in E.coli and preservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

The table below provides a comparison of the predicate device, DakoCytomation Cystatin C Control Set (K041627) and the new device, Roche Cystatin C Control Set.

Substantial equivalency - Control Set   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device:DakoCytomation Cystatin CControl Set (K041627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device:Roche Cystatin C Control Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Control Set is an assayedbi-level control intended to monitorand evaluate the precision andaccuracy of the quantitativeimmunological determination ofhuman cystatin C by turbidimetry ornephelometry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C Control Set is for use inquality control by monitoringaccuracy and precision for thequantitative methods as specified inthe value sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cystatin C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-level set with low and highcystatin C levels, based on liquidpools of delipidated human serumenriched with recombinant humancystatin C produced in E. coli andpreservative.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Performance evaluation

The Hitachi 917 Cystatin C test system was evaluated for several performance characteristics described within the submission.

In addition, the traceability, value assignment process, and stability of the Cfas Cystatin C calibrator and Cytatin C Control set are described.

Roche Diagnostics Corp. c/o Kerwin Kaufman 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, In 46250

# JUN 2 0 2008

Re: k080811 Trade Name: Tina-Quant Cystatin C Rcgulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225 Regulation Name: Test, Cystatin C Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NDY, JIT, JJX Dated: March 21, 2008 Received: March 24, 2008

Dear Kerwin Kaufman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K080811

# Device Name: Roche Tina-quant Cystatin C. Calibrator and Controls

Indications For Use:

Reagent:

Immunoturbidimetric assay for the quantitative in vitro determination of cystatin C in human serum and lithium-heparin plasma on Roche automated clinical chemistry analyzers. Cystatin C measurements are used as an aid in the diagnosis and treatment of renal diseases.

Calibrator:

Cfas (Calibrator for automated systems) Cystatin C is for use in the calibration of quantitative Roche methods on Roche clinical chemistry analyzers as specified in the value sheets.

Control:

Cystatin C Control Set is for use in quality control by monitoring accuracy and precision for the quantitative methods as specified in the value sheets.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Carnl  Benam

Page 1 of

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Fvaluation and Safety λ K080811