# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k080166

# Submitter's Name and Address

Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318 Telephone: (952) 368-7899 Fax: (952) 368-7610 Contact: Jeffrey L. Koll

Date Prepared: March 11, 2008

# Device Names

Proprietary Name: Access® Estradiol Calibrators on the Access® Immunoassay Systems

Common Name: Calibrators

Classification Name: Calibrator, Secondary (862.1150, JIT)

# Predicate Device

Access Estradiol Calibrators Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

510(k) Number: k973743, k970126

# Device Description

The Access Estradiol Calibrators are liquid calibrators to be used with the Access Estradiol assay to generate the estradiol calibration curve on the Access Immunoassay Systems. The Access Estradiol Calibrator kit contains six vials, one for each calibrator level. The Access Immunoassay Systems utilize a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay for the quantitative measurement of estradiol.

# Intended Use

The Access Estradiol Calibrators are intended to calibrate the Access Estradiol assay for the quantitative determination of estradiol levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.

# Summary of Technological Characteristics

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access EstradiolCalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access EstradiolCalibrators(restandardized)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration for quantitativedetermination of estradiollevels in human serum andplasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol at approximatelevels of 100, 500, 1500,2500, and 3600 pg/mL,liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol at approximatelevels of 106, 570, 1800,3100, and 4800 pg/mL, liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to USP referencematerial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to ID-GC/MS(isotope dilution-gaschromatography/massspectrometry) referencemethod</td></tr></table>

The device modification consists of restandardizing the Access Estradiol Calibrators traceability from USP reference material to the ID-GC/MS reference method. There is no change to calibrator materials, functionality, or stability.

# Conclusion

The restandardization of the Access Estradiol Calibrators does not change the intended use or indications for use, alter the fundamental scientific technology, or affect the safety and efficacy of the device. Performance data generated from validation testing demonstrates that the restandardized Access Estradiol Calibrators on the Access Immunoassay Systems is substantially equivalent to the currently commercialized Access Estradiol Calibrators.

# MAR 19 2008

Beckman Coulter, Inc. c/o Mr. Jeffrey L. Koll Regulatory Specialist 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318-1084

Re: k080166 Trade/Device Name: Access $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Estradiol Calibrators on the Access $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Immunoassay Systems Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrators Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIT Dated: February 19, 2008 Received: February 20, 2008

Dear Mr. Koll:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to dvic hat have bee reclassifi icordance with he rovisions  he Fedral Foo Dru, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.htrnl.

Sincerely yours,

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known):

evic amAccss® Estradiol Calirators on he Access® Is Systems

Indications For Use:

The Access Estradiol Calibrators are intended to calibrate the Access Estradiol assay for the quantitative determination of estradiol levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.