# 510(k) SUMMARY

The A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay on the A/C Diagnostics Reader

Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Information Supporting a Substantially Equivalent Determination

# 1. Submitter Information

Submitter: AntiCancer Inc. 7917 Ostrow Str. San Diego, California 92111 Phone: (858)654-2555 FAX: (858)268-4175 e-mail:

Contact Person: Yuying Tan, M.D. Principal Investigator of the Device Research Manager of AntiCancer Inc.

Date of Summary Preparation: March 24, 2008   
Revised: Sep 16, 2008

# 2 Device Information

510K:#: k080851   
Device Name: A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay   
Classification Name: Homocysteine Assay   
Class: II   
Product Code: LPS

# 3. Predicate Device Information

Device Name: A/C Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay on Hitachi 912 AntiCancer Inc. 7917 Ostrow Str. San Diego, California 92111 Phone: (858)654-2555 FAX: (858)268-4175 e-mail:

510(k) Number: K030754

# 4. Information of Manufacturers

# Kit Manufacturer

Contract Manufacturer: Bioserv Corporation 5340 Eastgate Mall San Diego, CA 92121 Telephone: (858) 450-3123 FAX: (858) 450-0785   
FDA Establishment Registration Number: US FDA 2027352   
Contact Person : Mary Richardson Quality Assurance Manager

# Reader Manufacturer

Contract Manufacturer: Wuxi Opulen Technologies Ltd. 3-405, Originality Industrial Park Liyuan Economic Zone Wuxi, Jiangsu, 214072 P.R. China Telephone: (86) 510-85160567 FAX: (86) 510-85160369   
Establishment Registration Number: 04707Q10000268, P.R. China

Contact Person :

Jiasen Yan President

# 5. Statement of Intended Use

The A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay on the A/C Diagnostics Reader (HyTek205) is intended for the quantitative determination of total homocysteine (tHCY) in human plasma or serum. The device can assist in the diagnosis and treatment of patients suspected of having hyperhomocysteinemia. The A/C Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay is for in vitro diagnostic use.

# Description of Device

The A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay is calibrated with A/C Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay Calibrators. A/C Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay Controls are assayed for the verification of the accuracy and precision of the A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay.

The $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { C }$ Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay measures tHCY. The principle of the assay is that after reduction, tHCY is depleted by Homocysteinase (rHCYase) and produces hydrogen sulfide $( \mathrm { H } _ { 2 } \mathrm { S } )$ , which is determined using N,N-dibutyl phenylene diamine (DBPDA), the combination of which forms a chromophore, the fluorescence is measured by the A/C Diagnostics Reader (HyTek-205).

The $A / C$ Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay is a three-steps reaction, which runs at room temperature. The total assay takes 80 minutes, and the A/C Diagnostics Reader is the only equipment needed.

# 7. Method Comparison

To establish equivalence to an existing device, and thus establish the safety and effectiveness, The A/C Portable Homocysteine Enzymatic Assay (K080851) on the $\mathbf { A } / \mathbf { C }$ Diagnostics Reader is compared to the Predicate Device, the A/C Automatic Enzymatic HCY Assay on Hitachi 912 (K030754) [Table 1].

The comparison of the $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { C }$ Portable Homocysteine Assay on the $\mathbf { A } / \mathbf { C }$ Diagnostics Reader to the $\mathbf { A } / \mathbf { C }$ Automatic Homocysteine Assay on the Hitachi 912 Automatic Analyzer [4-5] was carried for fifty plasma samples. The correlation and regression analysis yielded $\mathsf { y } \equiv$ $1 . 0 1 { + } 0 . 9 1 $ with a correlation coefficient of $\mathrm { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 5$ . The distribution of the difference vs mean of paired tHCY values were shown in Bland-Altman plot. The mean difference between the two assays was $1 . 0 5 ~ \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ . The samples both at low and high concentrations of tHCY agreed well.

# Table 1. Comparison of the A/C Portable Enzymatic HCY Assay and the A/C Automatic Enzymatic HCY Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>A/C EnzymaticHCY Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K 080851Portable HCY Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K 030754Automatic HCY Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Enzymatic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>The A/C Enzymatic Assay is intended for the quantitativedetermination of total homocysteine (tHCY) in humanplasma or serum. The device can assist in the diagnosisand treatment of patients suspected of havinghyperhomocysteinemia.The assay is for in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV for within assay rangedfrom 3.8% to 4.8%.CV for between assayranged from 5.0% to 7.4%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV for within assay rangedfrom 3.0% to 4.8%.CV for between assayranged from 4.9% to 7.8%.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Differences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Performance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PortableManual</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FullyAutomatic</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equipment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A/C Diagnostics Reader</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hitachi 912 AutomaticAnalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Small Lab</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Large Lab andBig Hospital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highthroughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 tests/hr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360 tests/hr</td></tr></table>

K 080851 Portable Assay: A/C Portable Enzymatic HCY Assay is the assay for current $5 1 0 \mathbf k$ application.

K 030754 Automatic Assay: A/C Automatic Enzymatic HCY Assay is the predicate device, which 5 10k application has been cleared by FDA in 2003.

# OCT 1 0 2008

AntiCancer, Inc. c/o Yuying Tan, M.D. Research Manager 7917 Ostrow Road San Diego, CA 92111

Re: k080851 Trade Name: A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay on the A/C Diagnostics Reader Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1377 Regulation Name: Urinary Homocysteine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: LPS Dated: September 16, 2008 Received: September 25, 2008

Dear Dr. Tan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, Interational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M. Coopes, M.S., DV.M.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Nuber (f know: 080851

Device Name: A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay on A/C Diagnostics Reader

# Indications For Use:

The A/C Portable Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay on the A/C Diagnostics Reader (HyTek-205) is intended for the quantitative determination of total homocysteine (tHCY) in human plasma or serum. The device can assist in the diagnosis and treatment of patients suspected of having hyperhomocysteinemia. The A/C Enzymatic Homocysteine Assay is for in vitro diagnostic use.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF EEDED)

Concurrenee of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD) Divisic Off in Vi Dstic Device Page 1 of _1_ Ev Lad Ton V1 7-1