# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is bcing submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K080125.

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Wako Diagnostics Address: 665 Clyde Avenue, Suite B Mountain Vicw, CA 94043 Phone: (650) 210-9153 FAX: (650) 210-9170 Contact: Peter Panfili, Ph.D.

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade Name: APOLOWAKO Lipid Panel\*, composed of; APOLOWAKO T-CHO APOLOWAKO HDL-C APOLOWAKO TG APOLOWAKO Analyzer and accessories \* APOLOWAKO Lipid Panel is a generic name for the above three reagents for lipids determination in whole

# Common Name:

Test system for individual reporting of:

total cholesterol   
HDL cholesterol   
triglyccrides   
LDL cholesterol (by Friedewald calculation)   
Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use

# Classification:

Total cholesterol: ยง21.862.1175   
HDL cholesterol: $\ S 2 1 . 8 6 2 . 1 4 7 5$   
Triglycerides: EP $\ S 2 1 . 8 6 2 . 1 7 0 5$   
LDL cholesterol: $\ S 2 1 . 8 6 2 . 1 4 7 5$ (by calculation)   
Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use: $\$ 21,862.2160$

807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate device CHOLESTECH LDX, Cholestech Corporation, Hayward, CA cleared under K954778 and K946067 for lipids.

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The APOLOWAKO analyzer is a fully-integrated POC test system that can perform up to six analytical tests per individual sample. The analyzer automatically separates plasma from whole blood for testing. Once the plasma has bcen separated, it is transferred to a cell on a measurement disk where the chemical reactions take place. The analyzcr uses liquid reagents which are packaged into kits. Each kit contains 2 reagent units. Each unit is composed of two enzyme color reagents and a lyophilized calibrator. All of the reagents have a reagent information tag applied to the back of each bottle which controls the reagent parameters and conditions such as, calibration, reagent quantity, shelf-life, and lot number. The instrument contains an automated liquid dispenser, temperature controlled reagent carrousel, analysis compartment, and sample holder. The instrument is designed to automatically and constantly monitor the reagents, dispensing system, measurement disk, and measurement process to ensure that no erroneous results are shown. The APOLOWAKO's lipid panel will include, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol (by calculation), and triglycerides in tubed venous whole blood. The test system is designed for professional use and consists of a small tablc top instrument (31 cm wide $\times 4 7 . 5$ cm high x 56 cm deep, weight: $2 5 \mathrm { ~ k g }$ s

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The APOLOWAKO Lipid Panel is for the quantitative determination of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and triglycerides in whole blood and also calculates and gives results for LDL cholesterol and the T-CHO/HDL-C ratio.

# 807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

Similarities / Differences between the APOLOWAKO Lipid Panel and Established   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (Cholestech LDX)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">APOLOWAKO Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholestech LDX System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Usc</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The APOLOWAKO LipidPanel is used for the in vitroquantitative determination oftotal cholesterol, HDLcholesterol, LDL cholesterol(by calculation), triglyceridesin whole blood and the T-CHO/HDL-C ratio.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cholestech LDX Systemis used for the quantitativedetermination of totalcholesterol, HDL (high-density lipoprotein)cholesterol and triglyceridesglucose in whole blood. ATC/HDL (totalcholesterol/HDL cholcstcrolratio and estimated values forLDL (low densitylipoprotein) and non-HDLcholestcrol are calculated bythe Cholestech LDX.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The measurement of totalcholesterol, HDL cholesterol,LDL cholesterol, andtriglycerides when used inconjunction with otherbiochemical markers andcoronary risk factors, isuseful in the prediction ofCHD/CVD risk and theassessment of CHD/CVDseverity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipoprotein measurcmentsare used in the diagnosis andtreatment of lipid disorderssuch as diabetes mellitus,atherosclerosis, and variousliver and renal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venous whole blood sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finger stick or venous wholeblood sample</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration is required at thetime the reagent is openedand lasts for 28 days or untilexpiration date.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No calibration is performedby the user.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric, enzyme-bascd</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rcagent Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professionaluse, point-of-care</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professionall use, point-of-care</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reportablerange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportablerange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T-CHO: 25-330 mg/dLHDL-C: 8.0-100 mg/dLTG:     30-625 mg/dLLDL-C by calculation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">T-CHO: Total imprecisionless than 2.0% CV across arange of 133 mg/dL to 788mg/dL (mean values)HDL-C: Total imprecisionless than 2.0% CV across arange of 38.8 mg/dL to 100.3mg/dL (mean values)TG: Total imprecision lessthan 2.0% across a range of90 mg/dL to 1178 mg/dL(mean values)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear throughoutreportable range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear throughoutreportable range</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">InterferingSubstances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference from highlevels of bilirubin(conjugated andunconjugated), hemoglobin,EDTA-2Na, heparin sodiumand ascorbic acid.No interference fromtriglycerides on T-CHO andHDL-C measurements.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">There are 23 substancesincluding hemoglobin,bilirubin and uric acid thatdid not interfere with theassay. Free glycerol doesaffect Cholestech TG test butit does not affectAPOLOWAKO TG.</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1): Brief Description of Non-clinical Data

Evaluations were pcrformed for within-day imprecision, between-day imprecision, linearity, and interfering substances. Those resulting data are summarized below.

Triglyceride

Within-day imprecision, when evaluatcd at three levels of triglyceride (low- $4 5 \mathrm { m g / d L } _ { \mathrm { i } }$ ,intermediate- $1 3 9 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and high- $1 2 0 9 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , ranged from $0 . 5 \%$ CV to $2 . 9 \%$ CV. Between-day imprecision, when evaluated in duplicate over 10 days, ranged $0 . 9 \%$ CV to $1 . 8 \%$ CV.

Results from linearity studies demonstrated that the triglyceride is linear throughout the reportable range.

Results from an interference testing showed triglyceridc assay is not affected by high levels of hemoglobin, bilirubin (conjugated or unconjugated) or free glycerol.

# Total Cholesterol

Within-day imprecision, when evaluatcd at three levels of total cholesterol (low- $1 2 2 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$ , intermediate- $1 8 7 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and high- $7 6 4 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ , ranged from $0 . 5 \%$ CV to $1 . 2 \%$ CV. Between-day imprecision, when evaluated in duplicate over 10 days, ranged $0 . 6 \%$ CV to $1 . 7 \%$ CV.

Results from linearity studies demonstrated that the total cholesterol is linear throughout the reportable range.

Results from an interference testing showcd that the total cholesterol is not affected by high levcls of hemoglobin, bilirubin (conjugatcd or unconjugated), triglycerides, ascorbic acid, EDAT-2Na, or heparin sodium.

# HDL-C

Within-day imprecision, when cvaluated at three levels of HDL-C (low$3 0 . 8 \mathrm { \ m g / d L }$ ,intermediate- $5 1 . 1 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and high- $9 5 . 2 ~ \mathrm { \ m g / d L } )$ , ranged from $0 . 5 ~ \%$ CV to $1 . 6 \%$ CV. Between assay imprecision, when evaluated in duplicate over 10 days, ranged $0 . 5 \%$ CV to $1 . 6 \%$ CV.

Results from linearity studies demonstrated that the HDL-C assay is linear throughout the reportable range.

Results from an interference testing showed that the HDL-C is not affected by high lcvcls of hemoglobin, bilirubin (conjugated or unconjugated), triglycerides, ascorbic acid, EDAT-2Na, or heparin sodium.

# 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Clinical Data

The method comparison study shows substantial cquivalence to FDA cleared comparison mcthods for total cholesterol, triglycerides and HDLcholesterol. For each analyte, 388 (384 for HDL-cholesterol; 4 samples out of the detectable range) broadly distributed samples showed statistically significant correlation with the reference method with slopes approaching 1.0 and y-intercepts approaching zero. APOLOWAKO rcsults were collected under rigorous conditions sufficient to meet the requirements for CLIA Waiver. The results show correlation coefficients of 0.945 or better for each assay.

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Non-clinical and Clinical Testing

# JUL 1 8 2008

Wako Chemicals USA, Inc. c/o Peter Panfili, Ph.D. 665 Clyde Avenue, Suite B Mountain View, CA 94043

Re: k080125 Trade/Device Name: APOLOWAKO T-CHO, APOLOWAKO HDL-C, APOLOWAKO TG and APOLOWAKO Analyzer and accessories Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1175 Regulation Name: Cholesterol (total) test system Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: CGO, CDT, LBS and JJE Dated: June 24, 2008 Received: June 30, 2008

Dear Dr. Panfili:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter willallow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notificaton.The FDA ndingo substantial equivalence of your device to a lealy marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800)-638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k080125

Device Name:   
APOLOWAKO T-CHO   
APOLOWAKO HDL-C   
APOLOWAKO TG   
APOLOWAKO Analyzer and accessories

# Intended Use

The APOLOWAKO T-CHO is for the quantitative determination on the APOLOWAKO analyzer of total cholesterol in whole blood. The APOLOWAKO HDL-C is for the quantitative determination on the APOLOWAKO analyzer of HDL cholesterol in whole blood. The APOLOWAKO TG is for the quantitative determination on the APOLOWAKO analyzer of triglycerides in whole blood. In conjunction with the above values, the APOLOWAKO analyzer also calculates LDL cholesterol for triglyceride values up to $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and T-CHO/HDL-C ratio.

APOLOWAKO Analyzer is a discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use in both central laboratories and in point of care sites. The device is intended to duplicate manual analytical procedures by automatically performing various steps such as pipetting, mixing and measuring color intensity. This device is intended for use in conjunction with certain materials to measure a variety of analytes of clinical interest in whole blood samples.

# Indications for Use

The measurements of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol (by calculation for triglyceride values up to $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ when used in conjunction with other biochemical markers and coronary risk factors, is useful in the prediction of CHD/CVD risk and the assessment of CHD/CVD severity.

Prescription Use _X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)