# 510(k) Summary

FEB 27 2000

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 317-521-2458

Contact Person: Kay A. Taylor

Date Prepared: January 18, 2008

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck

Common name: proBNP II CalCheck

Classification name: Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and unassayed)

# Predicate device

The Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed Elecsys ProBNP CalCheck (K020883).

# Device Description

The Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck is a lyophilized product consisting of NT-proBNP (1-76) amide human serum and potassium phosphate buffered matrix. During manufacture, the analytes are spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended use

For use in the verification of the calibration established by the Elecsys proBNP II reagent on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

The table below compares Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck with the predicate device, Elecsys ProBNP CalCheck (K020883).

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys proBNP CalCheck(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by theElecsys proBNP reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by the ElecsysproBNP II reagent on the Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with exactly 1.0 mLdistilled or deionized water and allowstanding closed for 15 minutes, thenmixing gently.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with exactly 1.0 mLdistilled or deionized water and allowstanding closed for 15 minutes, thenmixing gently.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C until expiration dateReconstituted:20 - 25 °C : 4 hrs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1: NT-proBNP free humanserum matrixLevels 2/3: synthetic NT-proBNP inhuman serum / buffer matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

The Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

# FEB 27 2008

Roche Diagnostics   
c/o Ms. Kay Taylor, (ASCP) Regulatory Affairs Principal 9115 Hague Road   
P.O. Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Re: k080147 Trade Name: Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: January 18, 2008 Received: January 22, 2008

Dear Ms. Taylor:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use - Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck

510k)  847 Device Name: Elecsys proBNP II CalCheck

Indication For Use:

For use in the verification of the calibration established by the Elecsys proBNP II reagent on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

The electrochemiluminescence immunoassay "ECLIA" is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Ch

Divisigh Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510k) K080147