# 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 5l0(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is:_ K08145

1. Submitter's Identification:

BIONIME CORPORRATION   
NO 694, RENHUA ROAD, DALI CITY, TAICHUNG COUNTY, TAIWAN 412   
Contact Person: _Mr. George Chi   
Phone Number: 886-4-24951268   
FAX Number: 886-4-24952568

Date Summary Prepared: July 13, 2007

2. Name of the Device: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model GM100

3. Common or Usual Name: Glucose test system Panel: Clinical Chemistry 75 Product Code: NBW, System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over-the-Counter. Classification: Class II

4. Device Description:

Our Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a Meter, Blood Glucose Test Strips, Two Control Solutions, Lancing Device and lancets.

The Rightest Meter, Blood Glucose Test Strips are manufactured by BIONIME Corporation. The Rightest Meter, when used with the Rightest Test Strips, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System is verified by the Control Solution.

# 5. Intended Use:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (outside of body). It is indicated to be used by professional healthcare personnel or people with diabetes at home to measure the glucose concentration for aiding diabetes management. The glucose concentration is measured with quantitative capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm and forearm by using Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System. This test device is not intended for testing neonate blood samples.

Special condition for use statement(s): Rightest system provides plasma equivalent results.

# 6. Predicate Device Information:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System, model GM100 is substantially equivalent to the brand of Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System (Alternative Site Testing) noted below.

Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System, model GM100   
Device Company: Bionime Corporation   
510(K) Number: K042678, K053635 and K062567

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device(s)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rightest BGMS GM100(Alternative Site Testing)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rightest BGMS(Alternative Site Testing)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase(Aspergillus niger)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase(Aspergillus niger)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mediator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium ferricyanide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium ferricyanide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 - 55%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 - 55%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperature range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 - 104°F10 -40°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 - 104°F10 - 40°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Humidity range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10- 90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Warranty(meter)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open use time(strip)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noble metal electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noble metal electrode</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The glucoseconcentration ismeasured withquantitative capillarywhole blood from thefingertip, palm andforearm by using RightestBlood GlucoseMonitoring System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The glucoseconcentration ismeasured withquantitative capillarywhole blood from thefingertip, palm andforearm by using RightestBlood GlucoseMonitoring System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The unit ofmeasurement data</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fix on mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fix on mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Battery life</td><td>Running 11,000 test</td><td>Running 1,000 test</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject Device(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(s)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest BGMS GM100(AST)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rightest BGMS(AST)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description andLabelling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>We mention theinformation aboutmodification in user&#x27;sInstruction. We also showa diagrammaticexplanation aboutalternative test sites inuser&#x27;s Instruction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>We mention theinformation aboutmodification in user&#x27;smanual. We also show adiagrammatic explanationabout alternative test sitesin user&#x27;s manual.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code key</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid &gt; 9.0 mg/dLCholesterol &gt; 500 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid &gt; 9.0 mg/dLL-Doga &gt; 1.5 ml/dLMethyldopa &gt; 1.5 mg/dLCholesterol &gt; 250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 blood glucose testresults with date and time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Saving</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turn off automatically after2 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Turn off automatically after3 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One CR2032 battery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two 1.5V(AAA) batteries</td></tr></table>

8. Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance, functionality and reliability of The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System.   
The evaluation included precision, linearity, interference, hematocrit and control solution.

9. Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

The clinical test was designed in Alternative site testing study as below

Test capillary blood Study: It shows similarly slope and intercept for difference position of capillary blood test.

Fig 1 Linear regression from Rightest versus Olympus AU2700   

<table><tr><td>Technician</td><td>Olympus-Plasma</td><td>Rightest fingerstick vs Rightest palmstick vs Olympus-Plasma</td><td>Rightest armstick vs − Olympus-Plasma</td></tr><tr><td>Test range (mg/dL)</td><td>35~568</td><td>34~542</td><td>39~572</td></tr><tr><td>Test number</td><td>164</td><td>164</td><td>164</td></tr><tr><td>Slope</td><td>0.99</td><td>0.96</td><td>0.96</td></tr><tr><td>Intercept</td><td>0.74</td><td>6.35</td><td>0.46</td></tr><tr><td>r</td><td>0.993</td><td>0.990</td><td>0.987</td></tr></table>

The "Alternative Site Test" clinical evaluation shows substantial equivalence to Rightest used in finger, palm and arm position. They all have similar slope and intercept of Rightest value versus Olympus AU2700. So the result tells us Rightest blood glucose monitoring system, model GM100 is suitable to be used in fingertip, palm and forearm.

# 10. Conclusions:

Results of clinical testing demonstrate that the performance of the Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System, model GM100 testing capillary whole blood is substantial equivalence of Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System (AST). The precision and accuracy of Rightest is suitable for its in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes management at home and in clinical settings.

# SEP 1 8 2008

Bionime Corporation, MDI Consultant, Inc. c/o Ms. Susan D. Goldstein-Falk Official Correspondent 55 Northern Blvd., Suite 200 Great Neck, NY 11021

Re: k081451 Trade Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model GM100 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NBW, CGA Dated: August 15, 2008 Received: August 18, 2008

Dear Ms. Goldstein-Falk:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labcling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

# K081451

# Device Name: Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model GM100

Indications For Use:

The Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for in vitro diagnostic use (outside of body). It is indicated to be used by professional healthcare personnel or diabetics at home to measure the glucose concentration for aiding diabetes management. The glucose concentration is measured with quantitative capillary whole blood from the fingertip, palm, and forearm by using Rightest Blood Glucose Monitoring System. This device is not intended for testing neonate blood samples.

Special conditions for use statement(s): Rightest System provides plasma equivalent results.

Prescription Use__X_ AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use X (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off

Page 1 of

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K081451