# 510 (k) Summary for the Dimension® clinical chemistry system Enzyme I Calibrator (DC35)

510 (k) Number:

K081789

Analyte: Lactate dehydrogenase

Type of Test: Calibrator Material

# Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc   
P.O. Box 6101   
Newark, DE 19714-6101   
Helen M. Lee   
Regulatory Affairs and Compliance Manager   
Office Phone: 302.631.8706   
Fax: 302.631.6299

Proprietary and Established Name: Dimension $\otimes$ clinical chemistry system Enzyme I Calibrator

# Regulatory Information:

Regulation Section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150 - Calibrator   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: JIT - Calibrator, Secondary   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# Intended Use:

The ENZ I CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the LDI method on the Dimension® clinical chemistry system.

# Device Description:

ENZ I CAL is a liquid, bovine serum albumin based product containing lactate dehydrogenase (chicken heart). The calibrator packaging contains 4 vials, 2 vials of Level 2 and two vials of Level 3, with $1 . 5 m L$ per vial. Level 1 calibrator for LDl is not included in the ENZ I CAL carton. Purified Water Diluent (Cat. No. 710615901) or reagent grade water is required for use as Calibrator Level 1 for the LDI method.

# Substantial Equivalence Information:

Comparison of the Dimension® clinical chemistry system Enzyme I Calibrator, proposed device, to the predicate Roche Calibrator for autorated systems.

<table><tr><td>New Device</td></tr><tr><td>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate dehydrogenase.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multi-analyte; including lactatedehydrogenase.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the calibration of the lactatedehydrogenase (LDl) method on theDimension clinical chemistry system.For in vitro diagnostic use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the calibrationof quantitative Roche methods on Rocheclinical chemistry analyzersas specified in the value sheet.For in vitro diagnostic use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid bovine serum albumin base withlactate dehydrogenase of chicken liverorigin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum base with lactatedehydrogenase of porcine heart origin.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IFCC LD at 37 ° C primary referencemethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the originalformulation and procedures recommendedby the IFCC.</td></tr></table>

# Comments on Substantial Equivalence:

Both the proposed $\textcircled{8}$ clinical chemistry system Enzyme I Calibrator and the predicate Roche Calibrator for automated systems are traceable to IFCC reference method and used to calibrate IFCC traceable lactate dehydrogenase methods.

# Conclusion:

The Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ Enzyme I Calibrator is substantially equivalent to the Roche Calibrator for automated systems based upon the information above.

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. c/o Ms. Helen M. Lee   
500 GBC Drive   
P.O. Box 6101, Mailbox 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Rc: k081789 Trade/Device Name: Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Chemistry System Enzyme I Calibrator (ENZ I Cal) Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIT Dated: June 24, 2008 Received: June 25, 2008

Dear Ms. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in thc enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known):

# Device Name:

Dimension® clinical chemistry system Enzyme I Calibrator (ENZ I CAL)

# Indications for Use:

The ENZ I CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of LDI method on the Dimension® clinical chemistry system.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Coul  Beren

fice of In Vitro Diagnostic Device uation and Safety K081789