# FEB 5 - 2009

Greiner Bio-One North America   
c/o Ms. Judi Smith   
Application Correspondent   
P.O. Box 103   
Baldwin, MD 21013

Re: k081929 Trade/Device Name: Greiner Vacuette® Blood Collection Tube with Clot Activator and Gel Separator and Standard Stopper $\mathbf { 1 6 \times 1 0 0 m m , 8 m L } )$ Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1675 Regulation Name: Blood specimen collection device. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JKA Dated: November 24, 2008 Received: November 26, 2008

Dear Ms. Smith:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of December 16, 2009.

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K081929

# Device Name: Greiner VACUETTE® Blood Collection Tube with Clot Activator and Gel Separator and Standard Stopper ( $1 6 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 0 \mathrm { m m }$ , $\mathbf { 8 \ m L }$

Indication For Use:

VACUETTE $\otimes$ Blood Collection Tubes with Clot Activator, Gel Separator, and Standard Stopper $( 1 6 \times 1 0 0 \mathrm { m m } , 8 \mathrm { m L } )$ are used to collect, transport and process blood for testing serum in the clinical laboratory. In addition, the tubes are suitable for therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM).

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety