# 510 (k) Summary

# DEC 0 4 2008

Page 1-of-2

1. Submitter Information   
Company name   
Contact person   
Address   
TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
Yuhua Chen   
6F, No. 127, Wugong 2nd Rd,   
Wugu Township, Taipei County,   
24888, Taiwan   
(886-2) 6625-8188   
(886-2) 6625-0288   
erica@taidoc.com   
July $3 0 ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ , 2008   
Phone   
FAX   
E-mail   
Date Prepared

Name of Device Trade Names Common Names/Descriptions Classification Names

TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip   
Blood Glucose Test System   
Class II devices   
(21 CFR Section 862.1345, Glucose Test   
System)   
NBW and LFR

# Product Code

Predicate Device Trade/Proprietary Name: Common/Usual Name: Manufacturer 510 (k) Number

Accu-CheK Go Test System Blood Glucose tet system Roche Diagnostics K040796

# Device Description

The TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip is designed to quantitatively measure the concentration of glucose in whole blood. The test principle of the system utilize an electrochemical method-based meter and dry reagent biosensor (test strips) for blood glucose testing. The size of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood and control solutions.

# 5. Intended Use

The TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and the following alternative sites: the palm, the forearm, the upper-arm, the calf and the thigh. The test strips are for use with Clever Chek TD-4222, Clever Chek TD-4230, Clever Chek TD-4231. Blood Glucose Meters and Clever Chek TD-3250C, and Fora Comfort 2 in 1 TD-3260 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitors Only. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes melitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

Professionals may use the test strips to test capillary and venous blood samples, but lay user may not test venous blood samples.

6.Comparison to Predicate Device TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip has equivalent technological characteristics and the similar intended use as the Accu-Chek Go Test System (K040796).

# 7. Performance Studies

The performance of TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip was studied in the laboratory and in clinical settings by healthcare professionals and lay users. The studies demonstrated that the performance of this system meets its intended use.

# 8. Conclusion

TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip demonstrates satisfactory performance and is suitable for its intended use.

TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
c/o Yuhua Chen   
Assistant Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
6F, No. 127, Wugong $2 ^ { \mathsf { n d } }$ Road   
Wugu Township, Taipei County   
China (Taiwan) 248

# DEC 0 4 2008

Re: k082169 Trade/Device Name: TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strips Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class ⅡI Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: October 31, 2008 Received: November 3, 2008

Dear Yuhua Chen:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If yourdevice is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls)or class Ⅲ (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Offce of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COoopes, M.S. D.V.M. Yean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K082169

Device Name: TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip

Indication For Use:

The TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strip is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capilary whole blood from the finger and the following alternative sites: the palm, the forearm, the upper-arm, the calf and the thigh. The test strips are for use with Clever Chek TD-4222, Clever Chek TD-4230, Clever Chek TD-4231 Blood Glucose Meters and Clever Chek TD-3250C, and Fora Comfort 2 in 1 TD-3260 Blood Glucose plus Blood Pressure Monitors Only. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

Professionals may use the test strips to test capillary and venous blood samples, but lay user may not test venous blood samples.

Prescription Use. And/Or Over the Counter Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

CA

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K092169