<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKRAY Factory USA, IncEst. Number: 1832816Owner/Operator Number: 8030316</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tom SpeikersDirector, Quality Systems and Regulatory AffairsARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th StreetMinneapolis, MN 55439Phone: 952-646-3168Fax: 952-646-3110speikerst@arkrayusa.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>August 20, 2008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLUCOCARD TM 01-mini Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA, NBW, JJX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKRAY GLUCOCARD™ 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceDescription:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLUCOCARD ™M 01-mini consists of a meter, test strips, andcontrol solutions for use in measuring blood glucose as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GLUCOCARD ™M 01-mini Blood Glucose Monitoring System isintended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillarywhole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. Testing is doneoutside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home(over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settingsby healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A clinical study was done with persons with diabetes to evaluatesystem accuracy and to assess ease of use.Analytical verification testing was performed to evaluateprecision, dynamic range and linearity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The modified GLUCOCARDTM 01-mini Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem is substantially equivalent to the predicateGLUCOCARDT 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.</td></tr></table>

ARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.   
c/o Tom Speikers   
Director, Quality Systems and Regulatory Affairs 5182 W. $7 6 ^ { 1 \hbar }$ Street   
Minneapolis, MN 55439

# OCT 21 2008

Re: K082417 Trade/Device Name: GLUCOCARDTM 01-mini Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGA, NBW, JJX Dated: September 18, 2008 Received: September 22, 2008

Dear Mr. Speikers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Enclosure

# 5 Indications for Use Statement

510k) UuMen KO82417

Device Name: ARKRAY GLUCOCARD™M 01-mini Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indication For Use:

GLUCOCARD™M 01-mini Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The GLUCOCARD™m 01-mini Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm.Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

AND/OR (2ver-The-Counter Us X (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Divisicn Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510) K082417