# ARCHITECT C-Peptide

# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k082141

Preparation Date: $2 5 ^ { 1 1 }$ July 2008_

Applicant Name:   
Mr. Joan Guixer   
Director of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs Biokit S.A.   
Lliça d'Amunt   
Barcelona, Spain 08186

# Device Name:

Calibrators:   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT C-Peptide Calibrators (A-F)   
Common Name: Calibrator   
Governing Regulation: 862.1150   
Device Classification: Class II   
Classification Panel: Chemistry   
Product Code: JIT   
Controls:   
Trade Name: ARCHITECT C-Peptide Controls (Low, Medium and High)   
Common Name: Control   
Governing Regulation: 862.1660   
Device Classification: Class I   
Classification Panel: Chemistry   
Product Code: JJX

Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

Calibrators: ADVIA Centaur and ACS:180 C-peptide Calibrator (K021532) Controls: BAYER Ligand Plus 1,2,3 Controls (K030452)

Intended Use of Device:

The ARCHITECT C-Peptide Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of C-peptide in human serum, plasma and urine.

The ARCHITECT C-Peptide Controls are for the estimation of test precision and the detection of systematic analytical deviations of the ARCHITECT / System when used for the quantitative determination of C-peptide in human serum, plasma and urine.

# SEP - 8 2008

BioKit S.A.   
Can Male S/N   
c/o Mr. Joan Guixer   
Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs Director Llica D'Amunt   
Barcelona, Spain 08186

Re: k082141 Trade Name: Architect C-Peptide Calibrators, and Architest C-Peptide Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: JIT, JJX Dated: July 28, 2008 Received: July 30, 2008

Dear Mr. Guixer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use statedinthe enclosure to legally marketed predicatedevices marketed ininterstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket otifitionThe A findi substanial equivalenc  your device to a lgaly marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrb/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.COopes, M.S. D.V.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k08214/

Device Name: ARCHITECT C-Peptide Calibrators (A - F) and ARCHITECT C-Peptide Controls (Low, Medium, and High).

Indication For Use:

# Calibrators

The ARCHITECT C-Peptide Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT $i$ System when used for the quantitative determination of C-peptide in human serum, plasma and urine.

# Controls

The ARCHITECT C-Peptide Controls are for the estimation of test precision and the detection of systematic analytical deviations of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of C-peptide in human serum, plasma and urine.

For in vitro diagnostic use.

Prescription Use X And/Or Over the Counter Use   
(21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)   
(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)   
Concurrence of CDRH Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)   
Diviston Sign-Off   
Offic of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) k082141