# Elecsys Folate III Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)

# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 (317) 521 - 3723

JUN 19 2009

Contact Person: Kathie J. Goodwin Date Prepared: July 25, 2008

# Device Name

Proprietary names: (1) Elecsys Folate III (2) Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent (3) Elecsys Folate III CalSet (4) Elecsys Folate III CalCheck (5) Elecsys PreciControl Anemia

Common names: (1) Folate III RBC Folate ) Folate III CalSet (4) Folate III CalCheck 5) PreciControl Anemia

Classification names: (1) Folic Acid Test System ) Folic Acid Test System () Calibrator (4) Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed) (5) Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed)

Product codes: (1) CGN (2) CGN (3) JIT (4) JJX (5) JJY

# Device Description

(1)The Elecsys Folate III assay employs a competitive test principle using natural folate binding protein (FBP) specific for folate. Folate in the sample competes with the added folate (labeled with biotin) for the binding sites on FBP (labeled with ruthenium complex). Results are determined via a calibration curve which is instrument-specifically generated by 2-point calibration and a master curve provided via the reagent barcode.

(2) The Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent is a $0 . 2 \%$ ascorbic acid solution with which whole blood treated with anticoagulants (heparin or EDTA) is diluted. After incubation the erythrocytes are lysed and intracellular folate is liberated and stabilized. The hemolysate is then used as a prediluted sample for subsequent measurement in the Elecsys Folate III assay.

(3) The Elecsys Folate III CalSet is a lyophilized product consisting of human serum with folic acid in two concentration ranges. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix. This calibrator is used to calibrate the Elecsys Folate III assay.

(4) Elecsys Folate III CalCheck is a lyophilized product consisting of human serum with folic acid. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix. This solution is used to verify the calibration established with the Elecsys Folate III CalSet.

(5) The Elecsys PreciControl Anemia is a lyophilized control serum based on human serum matrix in three concentration ranges. The controls are used for monitoring the accuracy and precision of the Elecsys Ferritin, Folate III, and Vitamin B12 immunoassays.

# Intended use

# Folate III:

Binding assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of folate in human serum. The binding assay is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent:

Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent is used together with the Elecsys Folate III assay for the quantitative determination of folate in erythrocytes (RBC (red blood cell) folate). Binding assay for the in vitro quantitative determination of folate in human serum and plasma. The binding assay is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Folate III CalSet:

Elecsys Folate III CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Folate III assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Folate III CalCheck:

Elecsys Folate III CalCheck is used for the verification of the calibration established by the Elecsys Folate III reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# PreciControl Anemia:

Elecsys PreciControl Anemia is used for the quality control of Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Indications for Use

Folate III and RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent: Measurements obtained by these devices are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias.

Folate III CalSet: Elecsys Folate III CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Folate III assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Folate III CalCheck: Elecsys Folate III CalCheck is used for the verification of the calibration established by the Elecsys Folate III reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

PreciControl Anemia: Elecsys PreciControl Anemia is used for the quality control of specified Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Substantial equivalence

The Elecsys Folate III Test System is substantially equivalent to the Elecsys Folate II Test System. This test system includes the following 5 components which have been cleared under the following K numbers:

Elecsys Folate II (K043318) 2) Elecsys RBC Hemolyzing Reagent (K051292) 3) Elecsys Folate II CalSet II (K042490) Elecsys Folate II CalCheck II (K043320) Elecsys PreciControl Anemia (K051517)

(The original Elecsys Folate Assay was cleared under K973674.)

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Substantial equivalence comparison

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys Folate III Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate III Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device: Elecsys Folate HIAssay (K043318)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Binding assay for the in vitroquantitative determination offolate in human serum. Thebinding assay is intended for useon Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Binding assay for the in vitroquantitative determination of folate inhuman serum. The binding assay isintended for use on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This assay may be used as an aidin the diagnosis and treatment ofanemias.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This assay may be used as an aid in thediagnosis and treatment of anemias.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectrochemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescent Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum (tubes containingseparating gel can be used)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum (tubes containing separating gelcan be used)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LabeledInstrumentPlatform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Elecsys 2010/ cobas e 411and MODULAR ANALYTICSE170 (Elecsys module)/ cobas e601 analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Elecsys 2010/ cobas e 411 andMODULAR ANALYTICS E170(Elecsys module)/ cobas e 601analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate III CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate II CalSet II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrationfrequency</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once per reagent lot and•After 1 month when usingsame reagent lotAfter 7 days when using samereagent kitAs required per QC findings orpertinent regulations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once per reagent lot andAfter 1 month when using samereagent lot.  After 7 days when using samereagent kitAs required per QC findings orpertinent regulations</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Anemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl Anemia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method has beenstandardized against the ElecsysFolate II assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method has been standardizedagainst the Elecsys Folate assay</td></tr></table>

# Elecsys Folate III Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened 2-8°C - up toexpirationOpened 2-8°C  8 weeksOn Elecsys 2010 and cobas e411-2 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened 2-8°C - up to expirationOpened 2-8°C 12 weeksOn Elecsys 2010 and cobas e4112weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 - 20.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.600 - 20.00 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 2010 and cobas e411 TotalPrecision(range of values)PreciControl Anemia 2: SD 0.467ng/mL; CV 6.4%PreciControl Anemia 3: SD 0.986ng/mL; CV 6.3%Human Samples &lt; 10 ng/mL,CV 7.0-13.3%Human Samples &gt; 10 ng/mL,CV 5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys 2010 and cobas e411 Total Precision(range of values)PreciControl Universal 1: SD 0.82ng/ml; CV 6.8%PreciControl Universal 2: SD 0.50ng/ml; CV 7.9%Human Samples &lt; 10 ng/mL, CV 6.1-13.8%Human Samples &gt; 10 ng/mL, CV 7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limit of Blank = &lt;0.640 ng/mLLimit of Detection = ≤1.5 ng/mLLimit of Quantitation = &lt;2.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Detection Limit = 0.6 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The following cross-reactivitieswere found:Aminopterin 2.7%Folinic acid 2.3%Amethopterin 2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Elecsys Folate III Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)   

<table><tr><td>Interferences →</td><td>The assay is unaffected by icterus • (bilirubin &lt; 564 µmol/L or &lt; 33 mg/dL), lipemia (Intralipid&lt; 1500 mg/dL), and biotin &lt; 86.1 nmol/L or &lt; 21 ng/mL, IgG &lt; 16 g/L and IgA &lt; 4.0 g/L. Criterion: Recovery within ± 10% of initial value with samples &gt;5 ng/mL and ≤ +/- 0.5 ng/mL with samples ≤ 5 ng/mL. In patients receiving therapy with high biotin doses (i.e. &gt;5 mg/day), no sample should be taken until at least 8 hours after the last biotin administration. No interference was observed from rheumatoid factors up to a concentration of 1000 IU/mL. In vitro tests were performed on 18 commonly used pharmaceuticals and in addition on human erythropoietin. No interference with the assay was found. It is contraindicated to measure samples of patients receiving therapy with certain pharmaceuticals, e.g. methotrexate or leucovorin, because of the cross-reactivity of folate binding protein with these compounds. In rare cases, interference due to extremely high titers of</td><td>The assay is unaffected by icterus (bilirubin &lt; 684 μmol/L or &lt; 40 mg/dL), lipemia (Intralipid &lt; 1500 mg/dL), and biotin &lt; 123 nmol/L or &lt; 30 ng/mL, IgG &lt; 16 g/L and IgA &lt; 4.0 g/L. Criterion: Recovery within ± 10% of initial value. In patients receiving therapy with high biotin doses (i.e. &gt;5 mg/day), no sample should be taken until at least 8 hours after the last biotin administration. No interference was observed from rheumatoid factors up to a concentration of 1000 IU/mL. In vitro tests were performed on 56 commonly used pharmaceuticals and in addition on human erythropoietin. No interference with the assay was found. Folate assays of samples from patients receiving therapy with certain pharmaceuticals, e.g. methotrexate or leucovorin, are contraindicated because of the cross-reactivity of folate binding protein with these compounds. In rare cases, interference due to</td></tr><tr><td>Dilution</td><td>antibodies to streptavidin and ruthenium can occur. Sample measuring &gt;20ng/mL can be manually diluted and a dilution</td><td>extremely high titers of antibodies to streptavidin and ruthenium can occur. Sample measuring &gt;20ng/mL can be manually diluted and a dilution factor of</td></tr><tr><td>Expected Values</td><td>factor of 2 applied American Journal of Clinical Nutrition Expected = 4.6 - 34.8 ng/mL (all ages &amp; male/female)</td><td>2 applied New England Journal Of Medicine Expected = 3.1 - 17.5 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Elecsys Folate III Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)

<table><tr><td>Method Comparison Y intercept = -0.10 tau = 0.833 Linear Regression Slope = 1.13 Y intercept = -0.06</td><td>A comparison of the Elecsys Folate II assay (Elecsys 2010 Immunoassay analyzer) and the Elecsys Folate II assay (Elecsys 2010 Immunoassay analyzer) where N=98 Sample concentrations were between approx. 1.76 and 15.9 ng/mL Passing/Bablock: Slope = 1.13</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys RBC FolateHemolyzing Reagent:.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateElecsys RBC Folate HemolyzingReagent(K051292)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys RBC FolateHemolyzing Reagent is usedtogether with the Elecsys FolateIII assay for the quantitativedetermination of folate inerythrocytes (RBC folate) onthe Elecsys 2010/cobas e 411analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys RBC Folate HemolyzingReagent is used together with theElecsys Folate II assay for thequantitative determination offolate in erythrocytes (RBCfolate).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study in the USA using theElecsys Folate III assay thecobas e411 Immunoassayanalyzer, N=262:(Values corrected for hematocrit)Median - 902 ng/mL2.5th97.5th percentile  499-1504 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study in the USA using theElecsys Folate III assay on theElecsys 2010 and cobas e411Immunoassay analyzers, N=121:(values corrected for hematocrit)Median - 790 ng/mL2.5th97.5th percentile  496-1477ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision (n=84)(values not corrected for hematocrit)2010/cobas e411 Analyzer7.0% CV @ 229 ng/mL7.2% CV @ 350 ng/mL7.2% CV @ 481 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision (n=63)(values corrected for hematocrit)2010/cobas e411 Analyzer6.8% CV @ 478 ng/mL6.6% CV @ 573 ng/mL5.5% CV @ 623 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.5 - 572 ng/mLThe lower end of the measuringrange is derived from the lowerend of the serum folate test.Values are not corrected forhematocrit.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Without consideration forhematocrit, up to 620 ng/mL(derived from the upper limit ofthe serum folate test)</td></tr></table>

Elecsys Folate II Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Method Comparison</td><td rowspan="2">A comparison of the Elecsys RBC Folate together with the Elecsys Folate III assay (Elecsys 2010/cobas e411 analyzer; calibrated with Elecsys Folate III CalSet: y) and the Elecsys RBC Folate with the Elecsys Folate II assay (Elecsys 2010/cobas e411 analyzer: calibrated with Elecsys Folate II CalSet II; x) where N=98 (Values were not corrected for Hematocrit) Sample concentrations were between approx. 123 and 566 ng/mL Passing/Bablock:</td><td rowspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Slope = 1.096 tau = 0.700 Linear Regression Slope = 1.019</td></tr><tr><td>Dilution</td><td>r = 0.921 Sample measuring &gt;20ng/mL can be manually diluted and a dilution factor of 2 applied</td><td>Sample measuring &gt;20ng/mL can be manually diluted and a dilution factor of 2 applied</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3) Elecsys Folate III CalSet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate III CalSet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateElecsys Folate II CalSet II(K042490)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate III CalSet is usedfor calibrating the quantitativeElecsys Folate III assay on theElecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate II CalSet II is usedfor calibrating the quantitativeElecsys Folate II assay on theElecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum preserved with0.5% Bronidox L and bufferedwith 50mM HEPES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened: up to the statedexpiration dateAfter reconstituting:At 2-8C - 3 daysAt -20C - 3 months (freeze onlyonce)Onboard: use only once</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened: up to the statedexpiration dateAfter reconstituting:At 2-8C - 3 daysAt -20C - 3 months (freeze onlyonce)Onboard: use only once</td></tr></table>

Elecsys Folate III Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)   

<table><tr><td>Composition</td><td>Buffer: HEPES 50mM Preservative: Bronidox L 0.5%</td><td>No buffer or preverative in composition</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>)Elecsys Folate III CalCheck</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Folate III CalCheck</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateElecsys Folate II CalCheck ⅡI(K043320)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by theElecsys Folate III reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by theElecsys Folate II reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum preserved with0.5% Bronidox L and bufferedwith 50mM HEPES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened and stored at 2-8C:up to the stated expiration dateAfter reconstituting: 4 hours at20-25C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened and stored at 2-8C: upto the stated expiration dateAfter reconstituting: 4 hours at 20-25C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffer: HEPES 50mMPreservative: Bronidox L 0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No buffer or preverative incomposition</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>5Elecsys PreciControl Anemia</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Anemia</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateElecsys PreciControl Anemia(K051517)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Anemia isused for quality control ofElecsys immunoassays on theElecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Anemia isused for quality control of theElecsys Ferritin, Folate II, andVitamin B12 immunoassays.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophylized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr></table>

Elecsys Folate III Test System (including RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent)   

<table><tr><td>Stability</td><td>Unopened: up to the stated expiration date After reconstituting: At 20-25C: up to 8 hours On board at 20-25C: up to 5 hours At 2-8C: 3 days At -20C: 1 month (freeze only once) After thawing: use only once</td><td>Unopened: up to the stated expiration date After reconstituting: At 20-25C: up to 8 hours On board at 20-25C: up to 5 hours At 2-8C: 3 days At -20C: 1 month (freeze only once) After thawing: use only once</td></tr></table>

# JUN 19 2009

Ms. Kathie Goodwin Roche Diagnostics Corp. 9115 Hague Rd. Indianapolis, IA 46250

Re: k082340 Trade/Device Name: Roche Elecsys Folate III, Roche Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolysing Reagent, Roche Elecsys Folate III CalSet, Roche Elecsys Folate III CalCheck, Roche Elecsys PreciControl Anemia Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1295 Regulation Name: Folic Acid Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGN, JIT, JJY, JJX Dated: June 11, 2009 Received: June 16, 2009

Dear Ms. Goodwin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 -

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K082340

Device Name:

(1) Elecsys Folate III (2) Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent (3) Elecsys Folate III CalSet (4) Elecsys Folate III CalCheck (5) Elecsys PreciControl Anemia

Indications for Use:

() Elecsys Folate III: Bindig assay or the invitro quantitative determination of folate inhuman serum and plasma. The binding assay is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. Measurements obtained by these devices are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias.For in vitro diagnostic use.

(2) Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent: Elecsys RBC Folate Hemolyzing Reagent is used together with the Elecsys Folate assay for the quantitative determination of folate in erthrocytes (RC (red blod cefateBndg assy r e nviquantiative deterination  olate nhumn erum n pa. The binding assay is intended for use on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. Measurements obtained by these devices are used in the diagnosis and treatment of anemias.

(3) Elecsys Folate III CalSet: Elecsys Folate III CalSet is used for calibrating the quantitative Elecsys Folate III assay on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

)Elecsys Folate III CalCheck: Elecsys Folate III CalCheck is used for the verification of the calibration established by the Elecsys Folate II reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

(5) Elecsys PreciControl Anemia: Elecsys PreciControl Anemia is used for the quality control of specified Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Prescription Use_X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use_ (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)