# Bio-Rad Laboratories Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control Premarket Notification Section 510(k)

1.0 DeVIce InFORMATIon

Product Name: Common Name:

Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control Clinical Chemistry Test Systems Quality control material (assayed and unassayed).

2.0 MedicAl Device Establishment

Manufacturing Facility: Address:

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road Irvine, California 92618

Telephone: Fax:

949-598-1200   
949-598-1557

Establishment Registration No.: 2016706

3.0 Device ClasS

Classification: Class I Product Code: JY Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660

.0

PERFORMANCE STANDARDS

None Require

5.0

# ProPoSED LABELInG

Included in this 510(k) notification is a copy of the proposed Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control vial, box and insert labels (Appendices 3, 4 and 5).

# 6.0 Statement of SUbstantiAl Equivalence

Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert. This control is substantialy equivalent to the following quality control material that is currently in the market:

Lyphochek Tumor Marker Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California 92618

510(k) Number: K011579

A copy of the product insert for the above product can be found in Appendix 7.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device With the Predicate Device

Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control claims substantial equivalence to the Lyphochek Tumor Marker Control currently in commercial distribution (K01 1579).

Table 1. Similarities and Differences between new and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad LaboratoriesLyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad LaboratoriesLyphochek Tumor Marker Control(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphchek Tumor Marker Plus Control s intended for use asan assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in thepackage insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyphochek Tumor Marker Control is intended for use as anassayed quality control serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in thispackage insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage (Unopened)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Years at 2 to 8C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 Years at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute &amp; Storeat -20 to -70°C:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All analytes will be stable for 30 days at -20 to -70°C. Thereare no stability claims at -20 to -70°C for ACTH andCalcitonin.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All analytes will be stable for 30 days at -10 to -20°C with thefollowing exception: NSE will be stable for 7 days.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1, 2 and 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 and 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute &amp; Storeat 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All analytes will be stable for 14 days at 2 to 8°C, with thefollowing exceptions:Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA) is stable for 11 days.Free and Total PSA is stable for 7 days.Thyroglobulin Tg) is stable or 5 days.ACTH and Calcitonin should be assayed immediately.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All analytes will be stable for 4 days at 2 to 8C, with thefollowing exceptions:Ferritin and CA 27-29 will be stable for 6 days;NSE will be stable for 3 days.ACTH, Free PSA, PSA, and Calcitonin shouid be assayedimmediately following reconstitution.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains Claims for the following:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains Claims for the following</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=24 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adrenocorticotropic Hormone (ACTH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adrenocorticotropic Hormone (ACTH)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aldosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aldosterone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-2-Microglobulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-2-Microgiobulin (B2-M)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 15-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA15-3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 19-9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 19-9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 27.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 27.29</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Calcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA72-4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA 125</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcitonin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•hCG Beta Subunit (β-hCG)/ hCG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CASA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prolactin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyfra 21-1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prostate Specific Antigen, Total (PSA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•Thyroglobulin (Tg)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Beta Subunit (β-hCG)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neuron Specific Enolase (NSE)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Does not contain claims for the following:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (AP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CA50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prolactin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•CA72-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prostate Specific Antigen, Total (Total PSA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CASA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyfra 21-1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No claim is made for performance or stability</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neuron Specific Enolase (NSE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thyroglobulin (Tg)</td></tr></table>

# 3.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Stability studies have been performed to deterrmine the shelf life at 2 to $8 \%$ ,reconstituted at 2 to $8 ^ { \circ } C$ and reconstituted frozen at -20 to $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } C$ Product claims are as follows:

8.1 Shelf Life at 2 to $8 \%$ , all analytes will be stable for 3 years.

8.2 Reconstituted Stability at 2 to $8 \%$ :Once the control is reconstituted, all analytes will be stable for 14 days when stored tightly capped at 2 to $8 \%$ , with the following exceptions: Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA) will be stable for 11 days; Free and Total PSA will be stable for 7 days; Thyroglobulin $( \mathsf { T } \mathfrak { g } )$ will be stable for 5 days; ACTH and Calcitonin should be assayed immediately following reconstitution.

8.3 Reconstituted Stability at $\mathfrak { - } 2 0$ to $- 7 0 ^ { \circ } C$ :All analytes will be stable for 30 days after the control is reconstituted and stored tightly capped at -20 to $\boldsymbol { \cdot } 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ After use, discard the remaining material. There are no stability claims at -20 to $\boldsymbol { - 7 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ for ACTH and Calcitonin.

All supporting data is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

Bio-Rad Laboratories c/o Ms. Elizabeth Platt 9500 Jeronimo Road Irvine, California 92618-2017

Re: k082036 Trade/Device Name: Lyphochck Tumor Marker Plus Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I reserved Product Code: JJY   
Dated: July 1, 2008   
Received: July 17, 2008

Dear Ms. Platt:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classiication for your device and thus, permits your devicc to proceed to the market.

Page 2- Bio-Rad Laboratories

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics' (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (240) 276-3474. For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events (Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at (240) 276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Acting Division Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k 08 2 036

Device Name:

Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control

Indications For Use:

Lyphochek Tumor Marker Plus Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

# Domestic Analytes Listed

Adrenocorticotropic Hormone (ACTH)   
Alpha Fetoprotein (AFP)   
Aldosterone   
Beta-2-Microglobulin (B2M)   
CA 15-3   
CA 19-9   
CA 27.29   
CA 125   
Calcitonin   
Carcinoembryonic Antigen (CEA)   
Ferritin   
hCG Beta Subunit (β-hCG)/ hCG   
Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP)   
Prolactin   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Total ( PSA)   
Prostate Specific Antigen, Free (Free PSA)   
Thyroglobulin (Tg)

AND/OR

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluatton and Safety 510K k082036