510(k) Summary

A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Brandon J Perez Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 120 E-mail: bperez@aaltoscientific.com

# C. Date of Summary Preparation

September 13, 2008

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name:

Audit™M MicroCVTM Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Lincarity   
Set   
Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Linearity   
Assay QC Material   
Class I   
21 CFR 862.1660   
75   
JJY

Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

# E. Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

AuditTM MicroCVTM General Chemistry Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, CA K042318

# F. Description of the Device

The Audit™M MicroCVTM Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Linearity Set is a human based, lyophilized, five level set of QC material, with each level containing 14 analytes. It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of Therapeutic Drug (TDM) mcthods for the analytes listed. Level A is near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit of instruments. Levels B - D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# G. Statement of Intended Use

The Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Linearity Set is intcnded to simulate human patient serum samplcs for the purpose of verifying and validating the Analytical Measurement Range for non-waived Therapeutic Drug (TDM) testing methods as identified in thc package insert.

# I. Summary of Performance Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the reconstitutcd stability and shelf life for the Audit™M MicroCVTM Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Linearity Set. All supporting data is rctaincd on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Reconstituted Stability: Oncc a vial has been reconstituted, all analytes will be stable for 5 days whcn stored tightly capped at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

Shelf Life: Two years, when stored unopened at $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support thc shclf life of this product.

# H. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM Therapeutic Drug(TDM) Linearity Set(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM Gencral ChemistryLinearity Sct(K042318)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCV™M Therapeutic Drug(TDM) Linearity Set is assayed qualitycontrol material consisting of human andanimalbased serum albumin. It isintended to simulate human patientserum samples for the purpose ofmonitoring the precision and to detectsystematic analytical deviations oflaboratory testing procedures.Thisproduct may also be used as unassayedquality control material for these sameanalytes and may be used for proficiencytesting in interlaboratory surveys. Inaddition, this product may also be usedto perform CLIA directed calibrationverification for these same analytes withsimilar    reagents    on    similarinstrumentation in accordancewithcurrent  CLIA-88  guidelines  andregulations.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AuditTM MicroCVTM General ChemistryLinearity Sct is assayed quality controlmaterial consisting of human basedserum. It is intended to simulate humanpatient serum samples for the purpose ofmonitoring the precision and to detectsystematicanalyticaldeviations oflaboratorytestingprocedures. Thisproduct may also be used as unassayedquality control material for these sameanalytes and may be used for proficiencytesting in interlaboratory surveys. Inaddition, this product may also be used toperform CLIA directed calibrationverification for these same analytes withsimilar     reagents     on    similarinstrumentation inaccordancewithcurrent  CLIA-88   guidelines andregulations.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levelsper set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S x 5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human and animal based serum albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Typc of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Therapeutic Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stabilizers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SorbitolSodium azide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8CUntil expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8 CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReconstitutedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days at 2 to 8° C except for enzymesand bilirubin, which are 48 hours</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusions

sa nd efiy,and the stability dat enate,the produc is subsantially euivalent  the predicate device.

Aalto Scientific Ltd.   
c/o Mr. Brandon J. Perez   
Research and Development Scientist 1959 Kellogg Avenue   
Carlsbad, CA 92008

# NOV 19 2008

Re: k082714 Trade Name: Audit MicroCV Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Lincarity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassaycd) Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: JJY Dated: September 16, 2008 Received: September 18, 2008

Dear Mr. Perez:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the devicc referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) paT uvaviy marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Indications for Use

510() um

Device Name: Audit™M MicroCV™M Therapeutic Drug (TDM) Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

Thc Audit™M MicroCVTM Therapcutic Drug (TDM) Linearity Set consists of five levels in Human and Bovine serum albumin matrix. Each level contains the following analytes: Acetaminophen, Amikacin, Carbamazepine, Digoxin, Gentamicin, Methotrexate, Phenobarbital, Phenytoin, Quinidine, Salicylate, Theophylline, Tobramycin, Valproic Acid and Vancomycin. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for their respective analytes, reagents, and instruments.

This product may be used for proficiency testing in interlaboratory surveys and to perform CLIA directed calibration verification for these same analytes with similar reagents on similar instrumentation in accordance with current CLIA-88 guidelines and regulations.

In addition, Level A  E of this product may be used as unassayed quality control material for these analytes or as an assayed quality control material for the analyzer systems specified in the package insert. It is not intended to be used as an assayed quality control material for any other analyzer systems.

AND/OR

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Jgi   
of In Vitro D gnostic Device , and Safety K082714