This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number s: 082099.

1. Submitter   
name,   
address,   
contact

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. 100 Indigo Creek Drive Rochester, New York 14626-5101 (585) 453-4041

Contact Person: Marlene A. Hanna

2Preparation date

Date Special 510(k) prepared: July 24, 2008

3. Device name

Trade or Proprietary Name:   
VITROS Chemistry Products CI DT Slides   
Common Name: chloride test   
Classification Name: Chloride test system (21 CFR 862.1170)

VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit Common Name: calibrator Classification Name: Calibrator (21 CFR 862.1150)

# 4Predicate device

The VITROS Chemistry Products CI DT Slides (modified) and VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit are substantially equivalent to the VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slides (current slide: K912844, cleared September 4, 1991) and VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit (Current Kit: K072443, cleared September 24, 2007).

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

# 5. Device Deseription

The VITROS Chemistry Products Cl Slide assay is performed using the VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide and the VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit on the VITROS DT Chemistry Systems. The VITROS Cl DT Slide is a multilayered, analytical element coated on a polyester support that uses direct potentiometry' for measurement of chloride ions. All reactions necessary for a single quantitative measurement of chloride take place within the multi-layered analytical element of a VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide. The slide consists of two ionselective electrodes, each containing a protective layer, a silver layer and a silver chloride layer coated on a polyester support. The protective layer inhibits interference from normal levels of bromide and uric acid

VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slides use ion-selective electrodes for potentiometric measurements of ionic chloride. Ionic chloride determinations are made by simultaneously depositing $1 0 ~ \mathrm { u L }$ each of a reference fluid and a sample fluid on separate halves of the VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide. The electrode receiving the reference fluid is identified as the reference electrode. A paper bridge connects the reference electrode and the indicator electrode, which receives the sample fluid. A stable liquid junction between the two fluids is formed in the paper bridge. The chloride ions in the tested reference and sample fluids migrate to the silver/ silver chloride layers and establish equilibrium.

Each electrode produces an electrical potential in response to the activity of chloride ions applied to it. The potential difference poised between the two electrodes is proportional to the chloride concentration in the sample. The test result is reported in millimoles per liter (mmol/ L).

VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit contains four levels of lyophilized standards with corresponding diluents. The standards are prepared from bovine serum albumin and processed bovine serum to which enzymes, electrolytes, stabilizers, preservatives, and other organic analytes have been added. The companion diluents are prepared from processed water to which inorganic salts have been added.

The VITROS DT Systems and reagents are designed specifically for use with the VITROS Chemistry Products range of products.

6. Device intended use

VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slides   
For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Cl Slides quantitatively measure chloride (Cl) concentration in serum and plasma. VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit   
For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit is specially formulated for use as calibrators for ALB, ALKP, ALT, AMY, AST, TBIL, NBIL, BUN/CREA, Ca, CHOL, CK, Cl, $\mathrm { C O } _ { 2 }$ CREA, CRSC, Fe, GGT, GLU, HDLC, $\mathrm { K } ^ { + }$ , LAC, LDH, LIPA, $\mathrm { M g }$ ${ { \mathsf { N } } { \mathsf { a } } } ^ { + }$ , $\mathrm { N H } _ { 3 }$ , PHOS, TP, TRIG, urCR, and URIC on VITROS DT Chemistry Systems.

The VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide (modified) and VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit are substantially equivalent to VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide and VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit, which were Cleared by the FDA for in vitro diagnostic use.

VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide: (K912844, cleared September 4, 1991). VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit: (K072443, cleared September 24, 2007).

Table 1 lists the characteristics of the tests performed using the VITROS Cl DT Slide (modified) and the VITROS Cl DT Slide (current).

Table 1. List of VITROS Chemistry Products C Slide Characteristics: Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceVITROS Chemistry Products Cr DT Slide(Modified)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceVITROS Chemistry Products CI DT Slide(Current)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use only.VITROS Cl DT Slides quantitatively measurechloride (Cl) concentration in serum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fundamentalscientifictechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dry, multilayered slide utilizing directpotentiometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ReactiveIngredients percm{2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silver 0.4 mg and silver chloride 0.2 mg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Other Ingredients</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymer, plasticizer, surfactant, and nickel-chromium.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polymer, plasticizer, surfactant, and nickel.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VITROS DT Chemistry Systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ManufacturingProcess of the ISEbaseweb*(Ag/AgCl andSupport Layers ofthe Cl DT Slide)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Magnetic sputter deposition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electron beam cvaporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Composition ofISE basewebcomponent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ag/AgCl concentration: No changeNickel Stripes: NiCr (80% Nickel, 20% Chromium)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ag/AgCl concentration: Silver 0.4 mg and silverchloride 0.2 mgNickel Stripes: Ni (99+% Nickcl)</td></tr></table>

\*ISE (lon-Sclective Electrode) basewc $\vDash$ Poythyle trphthalate fl (substrate use ormetallize film) catd with silver $\mathrm { ( A g ) } _ { \ l } ^ { t }$ silver chloride $\{ \mathrm { A g } / \mathrm { C l } \}$ and striped with nominal nickel (Ni) stripes. The "ISE baseweb" refers to the $\mathsf { A g / A g C l }$ with nickel stripes layer and support laycr of the VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slide.

No modifications were made to VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit.

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

# . Conclusions

The information presented in the premarket notification demonstrates that the performance of the VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slides (modified) for use with human serum and plasma is substantially equivalent to the cleared predicate device.

Equivalence was demonstrated using manufactured slides along with patient and quality control samples with measured chloride values spanning the assay range.

The information presented in the premarket notification provides a reasonable assurance that the VITROS Chemistry Products Cl DT Slides (modified) for use with human serum and plasma is safe and effective for the stated intended use.

# AUG 2 1 2008

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Ms. Marlene A. Hanna Regulatory Affairs Manager 100 Indigo Creek Dr. Rochester, NY 14626

Re: k082099 Trade/Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products Cl- DT Slides, VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1170 Regulation Name: Chloride test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CGZ, JIX Dated: July 24, 2008 Received: July 25, 2008

Dear Ms. Hanna:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class ⅡI (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) lvy marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., DV.M. Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510m) I K82099

1. Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products Cl- DT Slides

Indication For Use: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Cl- DT Slides quantitatively measure chloride (Cl-) concentration in serum and plasma. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of clectrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

2. Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit

Indication For Use: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products DT Calibrator Kit is specially formulated for use as calibrators for the quantitative measurement of ALB, ALKP, ALT, AMYL, AST, TBIL, NBIL, BUN/UREA, Ca, CHOL, CK, Cl-, Co2, CREA, CRSC, Fe, GGT, GLU, HDLC, $\mathrm { K } { + }$ , LAC, LDH, LIPA, Mg, $\mathrm { N a + }$ , NH3, PHOS, TP, TRIG, urCR, and URIC on VITROS DT Chemistry Systems.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

LM   
Division Sign-Off   
Office/of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K082099