# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the

# Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EXLTM NTP Flex $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge (RF623)

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: k082645 B. Date of Preparation: August 15, 2008 C. Proprietary and Established Names:

Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EXLTM N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NTP) Flex $\mathfrak { B }$ Reagent Cartridge (RF623)

# D. Applicant:

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc., P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101

Victor M. Carrio, Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs

Office: (302) 631-0376 Fax: (302) 631-6299

# E. Regulatory Information:

1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1117 B-type natriuretic peptide test system

2. Classification: Class II

3. Product Code: NBC, Test, Natriuretic Peptide

4. Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# F. Predicate Device:

The Dimension $\textcircled{8}$ EXLTM N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NTP) Flex® Reagent Cartridge (RF623) is substantially equivalent to the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PBNP Flex $\mathfrak { P }$ reagent cartridge (K6423A) cleared under K080578.

G. Device Description:

The EXL NTP method is a one-step sandwich chemiluminescent immunoassay based on $\mathrm { L O C I } \mathbb { \mathrm { ‰ } }$ technology. $\mathrm { L O C I @ }$ reagents include two synthetic bead reagents and a biotinylated monoclonal antibody fragment which recognize an epitope located in the N-terminal part of proBNP. The first bead reagent (Sensibeads) is coated with streptavidin and contains photosensitive dye. The second bead reagent (Chemibeads) is coated with a second antibody specific for a second independent epitope on NTproBNP and contains chemiluminescent dye. Sample is incubated with Chemibeads and biotinylated antibody to form a particle/NT-proBNP/biotinylated antibody sandwich. Sensibeads then are added and bind to the biotin to form a bead-aggregated immunocomplex. Illumination of the complex by light at $6 8 0 \mathrm { n m }$ generates singlet oxygen from Sensibeads, which diffuses to the Chemibeads and triggers a chemiluminescent reaction. The resulting chemiluminescent signal is measured at 612 nm and is directly proportional to the concentration of NT-proBNP in the sample.

# H. Intended Use:

The NTP method is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative measurement of N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma on the Dimension $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ EXLTM integrated chemistry system with LOCI $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Module. In individuals suspected of having congestive heart failure (CHF), measurements of NTproBNP are used as an aid in the diagnosis and assessment of severity. The test is further indicated for the risk stratification of patients with acute coronary syndrome and heart failure.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EXLTM N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NTP) Flex® Reagent Cartridge (RF623) and the Dimension Vista $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ PBNP Flex $\textcircled{8}$ reagent cartridge (K6423A), cleared under K080578, were compared. A comparison of the important similarities and differences between the device and the predicate is provided in the following table:

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Dimension® EXLTM NTP Flex Reagent Cartridge (RF623)</td><td>Dimension Vista® PBNP Flex reagent cartridge (K6423A) K080578</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The NTP method is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative measurement of N- terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma on the Dimension EXLTM integrated chemistry system with LOCI® Module. In individuals suspected of having congestive heart failure</td><td>The PBNP method is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative measurement of N- terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma on the Dimension Vista® System. In individuals suspected of having congestive heart failure (CHF), measurements of NT-proBNP are</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">(CHF), measurements of NT-         used as an aid in the diagnosis andproBNP are used as an aid in the    assessment of severity. The test isdiagnosis and assessment of           further indicated for the riskseverity. The test is further            stratification of patients with acuteindicated for the risk stratification   coronary syndrome and heartof patients with acute coronary       failure.syndrome and heart failure.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceTechnology(detection)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 - 35,000 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 - 35,000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal Sheep Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal Sheep Antibody</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 pg/mL for patients less than75 years old and 450 pg/mL forpatients 75 years and older.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 pg/mL for patients less than75 years old and 450 pg/mL forpatients 75 years and older.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalSensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤5 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤5 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FunctionalSensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">≤30 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AnalyticalSpecificity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Natrecor® shows no significantcross reactivity, 0 or 125 pg/mLNT-PBNP; sixteen othersubstances show no significantcross reactivity.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Natrecor® shows no significantcross reactivity, 0 or 125 pg/mLNT-PBNP; sixteen othersubstances show no significantcross reactivity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant interference from:Bilirubin conjugated up to 60mg/dL; Bilirubin unconjugated upto 60 mg/dL; Hemoglobin up to1000 mg/dL; Triglyceride up to3000 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant interference from:Bilirubin conjugated up to 60mg/dL; Bilirubin unconjugated upto 60 mg/dL; Hemoglobin up to1000 mg/dL; Triglyceride up to3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hook Effect</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No effect up to 400,000 pg/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No effect up to 400,000 pg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CalibrationInterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days, same reagent lot</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days, same reagent lot</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusion:

The Dimension $\mathfrak { Q }$ EXLTM N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NTP) Flex $\mathfrak { B }$ Reagent Cartridge (RF623) is substantially equivalent to the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ PBNP Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ reagent cartridge (K6423A) cleared under K080578. Comparative testing performed by Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. demonstrates substantial equivalent performance.

# SEP 2 2 2008

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Victor Carrio Senior Manager of Regulatory Affairs P.O. Box 6101, Mail Stop 514 Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k082645 Trade Name: Dimension $^ { \textregistered }$ EXLTM LOCI $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NTP) Flex $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Reagent Cartridge (RF623) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1117 Regulation Name: B-type Natriuretic Peptide Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NBC Dated: September 10, 2008 Received: September 11, 2008

Dear Mr. Carrio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (240) 276-0490. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address at   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Jean M.Coopes, M.S., D.M.

Jean M. Cooper, M.S., D.V.M.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and   
Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications For Usc Statement

# 510(k) Number (if known):

# Device Name:

Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EXLTM LOCI® N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide Flex $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ reagent cartridge (RF623)

# Indications for Use:

The NTP method is an in vitro diagnostic assay for the quantitative measurement of Nterminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in human serum and plasma on the Dimension $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ EXLTM integrated chemistry system with $\mathsf { L O C I @ }$ Module. In individuals suspected of having congestive heart failure (CHF), measurements of NT-proBNP are used as an aid in the diagnosis and assessment of severity. The test is further indicated for the risk stratification of patients with acute coronary syndrome and heart failure.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

potn   
Mon Sign-Ot   
Office of In V rc Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and fety \*080645