# 5. 510(k) Summary - GemLyte Electrolyte Analyzer

(1) Submitted by: Diamond Diagnostics 333 Fiske St. Holliston, MA 01746

Contact Person:

Liann Voo, Director of Quality Assurance and Scientific Development   
Phone: 508-429-0450 (x 351)   
Fax: 508-429-0452   
E-mail: lvoo@diamonddiagnostics.com

# FEB - 6 2009

Summary Prepared: August 25, 2008

(4)Device Trade Name: GemLyte Electrolyte Analyzer Nat/K\*/Cl/Ca\*+/Lit

(5)Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class 1I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lithium Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class ⅡI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIH</td></tr></table>

# (6) Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVL9180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K961458</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Chloride, Calcium and Lithium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IL 943 Flame Photometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K823480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EasyLyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000926</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium, Potassium, Chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>925 Chloridometer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K810615</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride</td></tr></table>

# Statement of Technology Characteristics of the Device Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GemLyte</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PotentiometricNa&quot;, K, Cr, Cat, Li</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K000926</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K961458</td></tr></table>

# (7) Device Description and Indications for Use:

ThGemLy isan utoated micoproceso-controlleanalyzer whichutilizesn-selective electrodesr e mesremendi poassi hlorialci nihiser plaa whoblodan prilu pal     N hapu oha styil aor wih elativeasehenalyzecaliratesusiDm DaostiFluid ck 0(k hroh ut ey qusSd aslr alc  ny e fo nhe dgnosisanmanagemen patnts with abroad rangerlmetabolic nd cardiovscl res. Liths  d se oat ental lesMisscontls 0 30ee quality control material to be used daily.

Th GemLy Poassi ssayntende toeasue potassi n whole bloo eru plasa, and urie e diagnosis and treatment of diseases conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The GemLyte Sodium Assay is intended to measure sodium in serum, plasma, and urine on the GemLyte an treatment aldosteronism excessive secretion fthehormone aldosterone), diabetes sipidus (hroc tpsns clat diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The GemLyChlorieAssaynteneeasre e evel chloren plaa eru weat,an. Chloridemeasuements areused in thediagnosis and treatment f electrolyte andmetabolicdisorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

The GemLy CalciAssay isntende omeasure he total calci evl in ser.Calcimeasremets n tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

Tsh with mental disturbances, such as manic-depressive illness (bipolar disorder).

# (8) Technological Characteristics of the Device: Principal of Measurement

T psoyalznal o c ieelectrolye nalyzrK000 EasyLyte) and K961458 AVL 180)anare ubsantially equivalent e K823480 (IL Flame Photometer) and K810615 (925 Chloridometer)

# Calibration:

Th GemL pr -olaton 3-pontalat th) ee ours s calibration on demand. A 1-point calibration is performed automatically with each measurement.

Technical Specifications: Analyzer tests samples for Na/K†/Cl/Ca\*/Lit

Sample Types: Whole Blood, Serum, Plasma or Urine

Sample Size: 95uL blood, plasma, serum 95uL 1:3 dilution of urine

Measurement Range: Parameter Matrix Specified range Na+ B/P/S/Q 40 - 200 mmol/L U 1 - 300 mmol/L K+ B/P/S/Q 1.5 - 15 mmol/L U 5 - 120 mmol/L CI- B/P/S/Q 50 - 200 mmol/L U 1 - 300 mmol/L iCa++ B/P/S/Q 0.3 - 5 mmol/L Li+ B/P/S/Q 0.2 - 5.5 mmol/L

B = Whole blood P = Plasma S = Serum $\ Q =$ Aqueous QC U = Urine

Display Resolution: Blood, Plasma, Serum, Aqueous QC

Na: 0.1 mmol/L   
K\*: 0.1 mmol/L or 0.01 mmol/L Cr: 0.1 mmol/L   
Ca: 0.1 mmol/L or 0.01 mmol/L Lit: 0.1 mmol/L or 0.01 mmol/L

Urine

Nat:0 mmol/L K\*: 0.1 mmol/L CI: 0 mmol/L

# Reproducibility:

Blood, Plasma, Serum Na K\* CI Ca\*\* Li Within Range $( n = 3 0 )$ C.V. $\leq 1 \%$ C.V. ≤1.5% C.V. ≤ 2% SD ≤0.02 SD ≤0.03 Between Run (10 days) C.V. $\leq 2 \%$ EMPY C.V. ≤3% C.V. ≤ 3% SD ≤0.06 SD ≤0.09

# Urine

Na\* K\* Cl Within Range $( n = 3 0 )$ C.V.≤ 5% C.V. ≤ 5% C.V. ≤ 5% Between Run (10 days) C.V. $\leq 5 \%$ EY C.V. ≤ 5% C.V. ≤ 5%

# Analysis Time Calibration

57 seconds   
Every 4 hours on demand   
2 point calibration Na\*, K\*, Cr,Ca\*\*   
3 point calibration Lit Power   
120 VAC 5 Hz, 6 A or 220-240 VAC 24 Hz, 2 A (Factory set)

Size and Weight 12.4" (31.5cm) W x 13.2" (33.5cm) H x 11.6" (29.5cm) D, 13 lbs. (<6 kg)

(9)Summary of nonclinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for device.

# Precision -

WitRc i p b eanbe whi p eUrM The standard deviation (SD) and Coefficient Variation $( \% C V )$ are calculated. Results are within performance specifications which are not different from the predicate device, AVL 9180(K961458).

Urine (1:10 dilution) C.V. $\leq 5 \%$   
C.V. $\leq 5 \%$ EMP   
C.V. $\leq 2 \%$ EMP

Blood/Plasma/Serum $\mathsf { N a } +$ EMP C.V. $\leq 0 . 6 \%$ EY $\mathsf { K } +$ C.V. $\leq 1 . 5 \%$ EPY CI- C.V. ≤ 1% Ca+ SD ≤0.02 Li SD ≤0.04

Ben-RunTa n ei y stis eray M  ) wi lats e 1 days for each sample type. The standard deviation (SD) and/or Coefficient of Variation $( \% C V )$ are calculated. Results ae smarizd below and aresimilar to predicate device, AVL9180(k961458)and with in speciatns.

Urine (1:3 dilution) C.V. $\leq 4 \%$ EY   
C.V. $\leq 5 \%$   
C.V. $\leq 3 \%$ EY

Serum/Blood/Serum$N a +$ C.V. $\leq 1 . 5 \%$ EY$\mathsf { K } +$ EPY $0 . \lor . \leq 3 \%$ EYCI- C.V. ≤3%Ca\*+ SD ≤0.06Li SD ≤0.09

NoB asshoebloostbcian hansewit pecolcnts cultt co over a period of an hour.

# Linearity

Whole blood Plasm Seruand Urine e nearacross he caime perormance rangeminiu  el w t ah tyDits weao artsc oluts  sin done. Correlation coefficients were all greater than 0.99.

# (10) Summary of clinical tests submitted with the pre-market notification for the device.

Clinical testing was conducted to demonstrate the correlation of Diamond Diagnostics GemLyte Analyzer to prcatedevis erate  tai perel Al smple ypes whol bloo plasa sr andurw coll or testing on he GemLy s well as another preicate device, eAVL0Regressin analyshow ct coefficients typically greater than 0.99.

# Correlation Studies

o samples.

Whole Blood in mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>$R^{}$</td><td>Range</td><td>n</td><td>Steyx</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>0.988</td><td>1.04</td><td>0.9962</td><td>42.3 - 188.1</td><td>128</td><td>1.13</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>0.972</td><td>0.223</td><td>0.9957</td><td>1.51 - 14.46</td><td>112</td><td>0.166</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.011</td><td>-0.49</td><td>0.9882</td><td>54.0 - 191.4</td><td>123</td><td>1.76</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>0.994</td><td>0.019</td><td>0.9885</td><td>0.304  4.514</td><td>124</td><td>0.076</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>0.983</td><td>-0.049</td><td>0.9919</td><td>0.255 - 5.410</td><td>123</td><td>0.079</td></tr></table>

Plasma in mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R^2}$</td><td>Range</td><td>n</td><td>Steyx</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>0.987</td><td>0.87</td><td>0.9977</td><td>43.5  194.4</td><td>105</td><td>1.06</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>1.006</td><td>-0.014</td><td>0.9973</td><td>1.55  13.97</td><td>107</td><td>0.178</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.022</td><td>-3.23</td><td>0.9879</td><td>55.2  193.2</td><td>115</td><td>2.58</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>0.971</td><td>0.042</td><td>0.9915</td><td>0.363  4.386</td><td>123</td><td>0.059</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>0.993</td><td>0.002</td><td>0.9878</td><td>0.298  5.071</td><td>115</td><td>0.092</td></tr></table>

Serum in mmal/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>R^{}$</td><td>Range</td><td>n</td><td>Steyx</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>0.99</td><td>0.03</td><td>0.9964</td><td>44.6 - 196.9</td><td>122</td><td>1.37</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>0.981</td><td>0.085</td><td>0.9979</td><td>1.58 - 14.64</td><td>127</td><td>0.118</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>1.021</td><td>-2.57</td><td>0.9687</td><td>50.7 - 185.7</td><td>125</td><td>3.79</td></tr><tr><td>Calcium</td><td>0.970</td><td>0.036</td><td>0.9842</td><td>0.655 - 4.309</td><td>120</td><td>0.082</td></tr><tr><td>Lithium</td><td>1.004</td><td>0.092</td><td>0.9876</td><td>0.213 - 5.149</td><td>131</td><td>0.122</td></tr></table>

Urine (Spot) in mmol/L   

<table><tr><td>Parameter</td><td>Slope</td><td>Intercept</td><td>$R^{}$</td><td>Range</td><td>n</td><td>Steyx</td></tr><tr><td>Sodium</td><td>0.983</td><td>-2.57</td><td>0.9843</td><td>8-296</td><td>118</td><td>8.42</td></tr><tr><td>Potassium</td><td>0.965</td><td>0.34</td><td>0.9934</td><td>5.3 - 118.2</td><td>108</td><td>2.22</td></tr><tr><td>Chloride</td><td>0.976</td><td>-1.86</td><td>0.9807</td><td>15 - 272</td><td>118</td><td>8.99</td></tr></table>

# (11) Conclusions drawn from the clinical and non-clinical testing.

Analyss the cparativemeasuement presente  the0(k) o th devi tgether with the lnear n prsion at colecturighesecincalanon-cnicl trailemstrateshatheDimo Das GemLyte ISE Analyzer (with $N a ^ { + }$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Cl, Ca\*\*, Lit) is safe, effective and equivalent to the predicate device to which it is compared.

# FEB - 6 2009

Diamond Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Liann Voo   
333 Fiske St.   
Holliston, MA 01746

Re: k082462 Trade Name: GemLyte Electrolyte Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: JGS, CEM, CGZ, JFP, JIH Dated: January 27, 2009 Received: January 28, 2009

Dear Ms. Voo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Courthey C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k082462 Device Name: GemLyte Electrolyte Analyzer Indication For Use:

The GemLyte is an automated, microprocessor-controlled analyzer which utilizes ion-selective electrodes for the measurement of sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium and lithium in whole blood, plasma and serum, and prediluted urine samples.

The GemLyte Potassium Assay is intended to measure potassium in whole blood, plasma, serum, and urine on the GemLyte Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

The GemLyte Sodium Assay is intended to measure sodium in whole blood, plasma, serum, and urine on the GemLyte Electrolyte Analyzer. Measurements obtained by this device are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

The GemLyte Chloride Assay is intended to measure the level of chloride in whole blood, plasma, serum, and urine. Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

The GemLyte Calcium Assay is intended to measure the ionized calcium level in whole blood, plasma and serum. Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms).

The GemLyte Lithium Assay is intended to measure lithium (from the drug lithium carbonate) in whole blood, plasma and serum. Measurements of lithium are used to assure that the proper drug dosage is administered in the treatment of patients with mental disturbances, such as manic-depressive illness (bipolar disorder).

Prescription Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)