# 510 (k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: unknown

Submitter's Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person, and date the summary was prepared.

Submitter's Name:

AgaMatrix, Inc. 10 Manor Parkway Salem, NH. 03079

Contact Person: Connie Hertel Director Quality & Regulatory Affairs   
Telephone: (603) 328-6051   
Fax: (603) 893-4191

Date the summary prepared: September 30, 2008

# Device Name

Trade/Propritary Name: WaveSense Jazz Wireless™Blood Glucosc Monitring System :   
Common/Usual Name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Classification Name: Glucose Test System (per 21 CFR 862.1345)   
Class:   
Panel: Chemistry

# Modification Device

The moication Jaz Wiresbloo glucose e allow users tp glucose readings from the meter to a blue tooth enabled PC without the use of a USB cable.

# 4Description of the Device:

The AgaMatrix Jazz WirelessT Blood Glucose Monitoring System which is codeless, includes a meter with batteries, compact carrying case, lancing device, lancets, control solution and owner's booklet. Test Strips and control solution are sold separately.

It is intended for over-the counter home use by diabetics to monitor their blood glucose levels or for use in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals. The system tests fresh capillary whole blood. The meter is a portable, battery-operated instrument.

The Jazz Wireless™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to quantitatively measure blood glucose levels, also known as blood sugar, from fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the fingertips, palm, or forearm. The z Jazz Wireless™System is not intended for use with neonates.

# Testing:

Te certifies that the device complies with the following:

ISO 15197:2003 In vitro diagnostic test systems  Requirements for bloodglucose monitoring systems for sclf-testing in managing diabetes mellitus

ISO 14971:2000 Medical devices  Application of risk management to Medical devices

IEC 61010-1 Medical electrical equipment  General requirements for safety

IEC 61010-2-101 Safety requirements for electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use - particular requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment

IEC 61000-4-3 Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

# 8. Conclusions

Based upon the testing and comparison to the predicate device, the Jazz WirelessTM Blood Glucose Monitoring System has the same intended uses, with similar technological characteristics as the predicate device. The system performs as intended and raises no new safety of effectiveness issues.

Agamatrix Inc c/o Connie Hertel 10 Manor Parkway Salem, NH 03079

# FEB - 3 2009

Re: k083265 Trade/Device Name: Jazz Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System, Model 8000-03381 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: January 5, 2009 Received: January 6, 2009

Dear Ms. Hertel:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device s classied seeabove)into ither class  (Special ontrols) or class  (MA),t may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all h Act' requirments, icluding, but ot limited to registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page - 2

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notifiation.The DA fnding of substantial equivalence of your device to a leally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications For Use

510(k) Number (if known): unknown K0832605 Device Name: AgaMatrix JAZZ Wireless™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

AgaMatrix JAZZ Wireless™Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

AgaMatrix AgaMatrix JAZZ Wireless™M Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC)) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

AgaMatrix JAZZ WirelessTM Blood Glucose Meter:

AgaMatrix JAZZ Wireless™ Blood Glucose Meter is intended for use with AgaMatrix JAZZ Blood Glucose Test Strips for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC) ) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

# AgaMatrix JAZZ Blood Glucose Test Strips:

AgaMatrix JAZZ Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for use with AgaMatrix JAZZ Wireless™ Blood Glucose Meter for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter (OTC)) by persons with diabetes, or in a clinical setting by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

AgaMatrix WaveSense™ Control Solution:

AgaMatrix WaveSense™ Control Solution is intended for use with the AgaMatrix JAZZ WirelessMeter and AgaMatrix JAZZ WirelesTest Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.