# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the Dimension Vista® System Enzyme 6 Calibrator (KC360)

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number:_ K083579   
B. Date of Preparation: November 24, 2008

C. Proprietary and Established Names: Enzyme 6 Calibrator

D. Applicant:   
Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc., P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101   
Victor M. Carrio, Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
Office: (302) 631-0376 Fax: (302) 631-6299   
E. Regulatory Information:   
Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150 Calibrator   
Classification: Class II   
Product Code: JiX, Calibrator, Multi-Analyte Mixture   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

F. Predicate Devices: Dimension CKI/MBI Calibrator (K081731)

# G Device Description:

The Dimension Vista® System Enzyme 6 Calibrator (Enz 6 CAL) is a liquid, multianalyte, human serum albumin based product containing creatine kinase MM (human source) and creatine kinase MB (porcine source). The kit consists of three vials of Calibrator A, $2 . 0 m |$ per vial. Level 1 calibrator for Enz 6 CAL is not included. Purified Water Diluent or reagent grade water is required for use as Calibrator Level 1. Description of the manufacturing, value assignment and stability testing process are provided in this submission report.

# H. Intended Use:

The ENZ 6 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Creatine Kinase (CKI) and Creatine Kinase MB (MBI) methods on the Dimension VIsta® System.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The Dimension Vista® Enzyme 6 Calibrator (KC360) was compared to the Dimension® CKI/MBl Calibrator (K081731). A comparison of the important similarities and differences between the device and the predicate is provided in the following table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimension Vista® Enzyme 6Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimension@ CKI/MBICalibrator (K081731)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ENZ 6 CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for thecalibration of the Creatine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CKI/MBI CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for thecalibration of the Creatine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kinase (CKl) and CreatineKinase MB (MBI) methods onthe Dimension VIsta® System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kinase (CKl) and CreatineKinase MB (MBI) methods onthe Dimension® clinicalchemistry system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatine kinase (humansource) and creatine kinase-MB(porcine source)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatine kinase (humansource) and creatine kinase-MB(porcine source)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum albumin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKI - Two levelsMBI - Two levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CKI - Three levelsMBI - Five levels</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusion:

The Dimension Vista $\otimes$ Enzyme 6 Calibrator (KC360) is substantially equivalent to the Dimension® CKI/MBI Calibrator (K081731). Comparative testing described in the protocol included in this submission demonstrates substantial equivalent performance.

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. c/o Mr. Victor M. Carrio Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs P.O. Box 6101 Newark, DE 19714-6101

# FEB 2 0 2009

Re: k083579 Trade/Device Name: Dimension Vista® Enzyme 6 Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator, Multi-Analyte Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIX Dated: December 3, 2008 Received: December 4, 2008

Dear Mr. Carrio:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. ..

If your device is classifed (see above) into either class II (Special Controls)or elassII (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page -. 2

This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific information about the application of labeling requirements to your device, or questions on the promotion and advertising of your device, please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 594-3084. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its Intermet address A   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/dsma/dsmamain.html.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K083579

Device Name:

Dimension Vista® Enzyme 6 Calibrator

Indication For Use:

The ENZ 6 CAL. is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the Creatine Kinase (CKI) and Creatine Kinase MB (MBI) methods on:the Dimension Vista@ System.

Concimrence of CDRFL, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evalnationand Safety (OlvD)

thilMay   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K083579