# 510(k) Summary - PreciControl Universal

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250 317-521-3723

Contact Person: Gail Sauers

Date Prepared: February 27, 2009

# Submission purpose

Roche Diagnostics hereby submits this Traditional 510(k) device modification to provide notification of changes to our control material, Elecsys PreciControl Universal (PCU).

PreciControl Universal is used for quality control of Elecsys immunoassays on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. This product contains control material for numerous Elecsys assays in one convenient solution.

Changes to PCU consist of the addition of Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) control and total (free $+$ complexed) Prostate-Specific Antigen (PSA) to extend the current functionality.

# Device Name

Proprietary name: Elecsys PreciControl Universal.

Common name: PreciControl Universal

Classification name: Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (assayed and Unassayed)

# Device Description

The Elecsys PreciControl Universal is a lyophilized product consisting of added antigens in a human serum matrix. During manufacture, the analytes are spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended use

Elecsys PreciControl Universal is used for quality control of Elecsys immunoassays on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 510(k) Summary - continued

# Predicate Device

The Elecsys PreciControl Universal is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Elecsys PreciControl Universal (PCU) K051687.

Device Comparison

The table below indicates the similarities between the modified Elecsys PreciControl Universal and the predicate PCU, K05 1687.

# Similarities

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PreciControlMultianalyte(K051687)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal is used forquality control of Elecsysimmunoassays on theElecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal is used forquality control of theElecsys immunoassayson Elecsys immunoassaysystems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized, based onhuman serum in twoconcentration ranges.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Same                             Unopened :Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateReconstituted (exceptfor Insulin):on the analyzers at 20-25 °C: up to 5 hrsAt 2-8°C: 3 daysAt -20°C: 1 month(freeze only once)Reconstituted forInsulin:on the analyzers at 20-25 °C: up to 5 hrs20-25 °C: up to 5 hrsat -20: 1 month (freezeonly once)</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary - continued

Similarities - continued

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PreciControlMultianalyte(K051687)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute withexactly 3.0 mL ofdistilled water and allowto stand closed for 30minutes to reconstitute,and then mix gently.</td></tr></table>

Performance Characteristics

The Elecsys PreciControl Universal was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

Device Comparison

The table below indicates the differences between the modified Elecsys PreciControl Universal and the predicate PCU, K05 1687.

Differences

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys PreciControlMultianalyte(K051687)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys immunoassay andcobas e analyzers.Elecsys 2010Cobas e 411MODULARANALYTICS E170Cobas e 601</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys immunoassayanalyzers.Elecsys 1010Elecsys 2010MODULARANALYTICS E170</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary - continued

Differencescontinued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControlUniversal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device ElecsysPreciControlMultianalyte(K051687)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyteConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFP (human cell culture)approx. 10-50 IU/mlCortisol (vegetable) approx.359-500 nmol/LDHEAs (synthetic) approx..200-500 μg/dLEstradiol (synthetic) approx.100-500 pg/mLFSH (human) approx. 10-45mIU/mLfT3 (synthetic) approx. 6-25pmol/LfT4 (synthetic) approx. 12-35pmol/LhCG (human) approx. 5-40mIU/mLIgE (human) approx. 70-300U/mLInsulin, (human, recomb.)approx. 25-80 μU/mLLH (human) approx. 9-50mIU/mLProgesterone (vegetable)approx. 8-20 ng/mLProlactin (humanrecombinant) approx. 233-848μIU/mLSHBG (human) endogenousT3 (synthetic) approx. 2-6nmol/mLT4 (synthetic) approx. 90-170nmol/LTestosterone (vegetable)approx. 6-2.5 ng/mLThyroglobulin * (human)approx. 25-100 ng/mLTSH (human) approx. 1-8.5μIU/mLT-Uptake approx. (human) 1-.75 TBICEA (human cell culture)approx. 5-50 ng/mLtPSA (human) approx. 1-40ng/mL100 * (bovine) approx. .2-2.5ng/mL* not included in US labeling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AFP (human cell culture)approx. 10-50 IU/mlB2 (synthetic) approx. 1-.5ng/mLCortisol (vegetable) approx.13-30 μg/dLDHEAs (synthetic) approx.200-500 μg/dLEstradiol (synthetic) approx.100-500 pg/mLFerritin (human) approx.150-30 ng/mLFolate (synthetic) approx.12-5.5 ng/mLFSH (human) approx. 10-45mU/mLfT3 (synthetic) approx. 4-16pg/mLfT4 (synthetic) approx. .9-2.7ng/dLhCG (human) approx. 10-40mU/mLIgE (human) approx. 70-300U/mLInsulin, (human, recomb.)approx. 25-80 μU/mLLH (human) approx. 9-50mU/mLProgesterone (vegetable)approx. 8-20 ng/mLProlactin (humanrecombinant) approx. 1140ng/mLSHBG (human) endogenousT3 (synthetic) approx. 1.5-4ng/mLT4 (synthetic) approx. 7-13μg/dLTestosterone (vegetable)approx. 6-2.5 ng/mLTSH (human) 1-8.5 μU/mLT-Uptake (human) 1.1-.75TBI</td></tr></table>

Roche Diagnostics   
ATTN: Ms. Gail Sauers   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

# JUL - 2 2009

Re: k090541 Trade/Device Name: Elecsys PreciControl Universal Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ EPY Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I (Reserved) Product Code: JJY Dated: May 27, 2009 Received: June 02, 2009

Dear Ms. Sauers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to miarket the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

AC

Couftrey C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: Elecsys PreciControl Universal

Indication For Use:

Elecsys PreciControl Universal is used for quality control of Elecsys immunoassays on Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Cocurrence  CDRH, Office f InVitro DiagnosticDeviceEvaluation and Safety OIVD)

nating Division Sign-Off Office 6f In Vitro Diagnostic Device 5100)K090541 Evaluation and Safety