<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th Street .Minneapolis, MN 55439</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hamid IdrissiRegulatory Affairs Project ManagerARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th StreetMinneapolis, MN 55439Phone: 952-646-3171Fax: 952-646-3110idrissih@ARKRAYusa.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>February 6, 2009</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assure Pro Meter Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345 and 862.1660; Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Codes:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA, NBW, JJX</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assure Pro Meter (K053079)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Description:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Assure Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a meter,test strips, and two levels of control solutions for use as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Assure Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for thequantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from the fingertips. Testing is done outside the body(In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over thecounter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings byhealthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A full array of in-house and clinical testing was done consistent withrelevant FDA guidance&#x27;s for blood glucose monitoring systems.Bench testing included evaluation of interferences, linearity, linearrange, altitude effects, control solution functionality, and analyticalprecision.Clinical testing included evaluation of accuracy for the finger stick.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conclusion:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labeling, bench testing results and clinical testing resuits support theIndications for Use and the claim of substantial equivalence to thepredicate.</td></tr></table>

Arkray Factory USA, Inc.   
c/o Mr. Hamid Idrissi   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager 5182 West $7 6 ^ { 1 \hbar }$ Street   
Minneapolis, MN 55439

# AUG 1 4 2009

Re: k090332 Trade Name: Assure Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ EPY Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: July 31, 2009 Received: August 4, 2009

Dear Mr. Idrissi:

We have revicwed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

4C.H

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 6- Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: Assure Pro Meter Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

Assure Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System:

The Assure Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

The Assure Pro Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

Assure Pro Blood Glucose Meter:

The Assure Pro Blood Glucose Meter is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

Assure Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips:

Assure Pro test strips are intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips when used with the Assure Pro Blood Glucose Meter. Testing is done outside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). They are indicated for use in home (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes, or in clinical settings by healthcare professionals, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

Assure Dose ConTROL: For use with Assure Pro Blood Glucose Meter and Assure Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results. Control solutions are available in two levels - Level 1 (Normal) and Level 2 (High).

Over-The-Counter Use   
Prescription Use X AND/OR X   
(Part 21 CFR 801. Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

eplim Lovision ign-off

Coheurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of in Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

610(0) 1090332