# 510(k) SUMMARY

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k) Owner:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alfa Wassermann Diagnostic Technologies, LLC4 Henderson-DriveWest Caldwell, NJ 07006Contact:       Hyman Katz, Ph.D.Phone: 973-852-0158Fax: 973-852-0237</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date SummaryPrepared:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">May 22, 2009</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name:                               S-Test LD Reagent cartridgeClassification:                              Class II ExemptCommon/Classification Name:        Lactate Dehydrogenase TestSystem(21 C.F.R. § 862.1440)Product Code CFJ</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateDevices:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer for analyzer/reagent system predicate:Alfa Wassermann ACE plus ISE/Clinical Chemistry SystemACE Lactate Dehydrogenase Reagent (k931786)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The S-Test Lactate Dehydrogenase (LD) reagent cartridge, used withthe S40 Clinical Analyzer, is intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of LD activity in serum based on aphotometric test measuring the rate of conversion of NADH from NADin an enzyme assay. It is composed of a bi-reagent cartridge, and isintended for use in clinical laboratories or physician office laboratories.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for use: The S-Test Lactate Dehydrogenase Reagent isintended for the quantitative determination of lactate dehydrogenaseactivity in serum using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. LactateDehydrogenase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatmentof liver diseases such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastaticcarcinoma of the liver, cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction,and tumors of the lung or kidneys. This test is intended for use inclinical laboratories or physician office laboratories. For in vitrodiagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TechnologicalCharacteristics:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The S-Test LD Reagent is contained in a bi-reagent cartridge. Reagent1 contains: Lithium L-lactate and diethanolamine buffer. Reagent 2contains: Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide.</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Data:</td><td>Performance data on the S-Test LD included precision, accuracy, and detection limit data. Precision: In testing conducted at three LD levels for 22 days, the within-run CV ranged from 1.5 to 2.4%, and total CV ranged from 6.4 to 7.1%. In precision studies at three separate Physician Office Laboratory (POL) sites and in-house over 5 days, the within-run CV ranged from 0.9 to 4.3% and total CV ranged from 0.9 to 5.1%. Accuracy: In the correlation study, 81 samples with LD values ranging from 26 to 652 U/L were assayed on the S40 Clinical Analyzer using S- Test LD (y) and a comparative method (x). Least squares regression analysis yielded a correlation coefficient of 0.9857, a standard error estimate of 19.8, a confidence interval slope of 0.934 to 1.008, and a confidence interval intercept of -13.3 to 2.7. In patient correlation studies at four separate POL sites using the S40 Clinical Analyzer and a comparative method, least-squares regression analysis yielded correlation coefficients of 0.9971 to 0.9989, standard error estimates of 6.4 to 10.5, confidence interval slopes of 0.941 to 1.001, and a</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusions:</td><td>Based on the foregoing data, the device is safe and effective. These data also indicate substantial equivalence to the predicate device.</td></tr></table>

Alfa Wassermann, Inc. c/o Dr. Hyman Katz 4 Henderson Drive West Caldwell, NJ 07006

# SEP 0 9 2009

Re: k091544 Trade/Device Name: S-Test Lactate Dehydrogenase (LD), Model RC 0017 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1440 Regulation Name: Lactate dehydrogenase test system Regulatory Class: Class Ⅲ Product Code: CFJ Dated: July 7, 2009. Received: July 8, 2009

Dear Dr. Hyman Katz:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Ⅱ (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). ?

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postniarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

4C.H

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k091544

Device Name: S-Test Lactate Dehydrogenase (LD)

Indication For Use:

The S-Test Lactate Dehydrogenase Reagent is intended for the quantitative determination of lactate dehydrogenase activity in serum using the S40 Clinical Analyzer. Lactate Dehydrogenase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the liver, cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction, and tumors of the lung or kidneys. This test is intended for use in clinical laboratories or physician office laboratories. For in vitro diagnostic use only.