# Traditional 510(k) SUMMARY

This Summary of 510(K) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in arcordance with the requirements of SMDA and 21CFR §807.92

The aid 1o 091224

JUL 3 1 2009

A. 510(K) number is :   
B. Purpose for Submission: New submission for an accessory Data Management Software application for glucose meters   
C. Submitter information Company: Address: EPS Bio Technology Corp. 2F, No. 49-2, Lane 2, Guang Fu Rd., Sec.2 Hsinchu City, Taiwan, R.O.C. Contact Name: Mr. Y.C. Lei, General Manager Phone: 886-3-5752522 Fax: 886-3-5752552   
D. Proprietary and Established Names: GlucoManager Data Management Software   
D. Type of Test: GlucoManager Data Management Software is a software medical device which serves as RS232 cable based accessory which interfaces between the software in personal glucose monitoring devices and the GlucoManager Data Management Software.

# E. System Descriptions:

1. Device Description:

The GlucoManager Data Management Software enable users the ability to export aata from the EasyMax N (k083099) glucose meter to a computer via a RS232 Cable. The GlucoManager Data Management Software enable users in review, analysis and evaluation of historical blood glucose test results to support effective diabetes management. The device is not intended to provide any diagnosis based upon patient results.

Principles of Operation: The GlucoManager Data Management Software has an interface accessory to compatible meters: EasyMax N (k083099) meter.

3. Modes of Operation:

$\textcircled{8}$ The GlucoManager Data Management Software is compatible with Microsoft® Windows® Vesta, XP, Windows 2000, Windows 98,Windows Me operating systems

Hardware specifications:

Intel(or Compatible) Pentium Il 300 MHz processor or higher   
32 Megabytes (MB) or greater of available random access memory (RAM)   
• 20 MB of free hard disk space minimum   
Compact disk (CD) drive   
Mouse   
800 x 600 (or higher) resolution monitor   
EPS RS232 Download Cable

F. Common or Usual Name: GlucoManager Data Management Software

G. Regulatory Information:

1.Regulation section: 21 CFR 862.1345, Glucose Test System 21CFR Sec.-862.2100 - Calculator/data processing module for clinical use.

Classification: Class II and 1 respectively

3. Product code: NBW, System Test, Blood Glucose, Over the Counter JQP, Calculator/Data Processing Module, For Clinical Use

4. Panel: Chemistry 75

# H. Intended Use:

1. intended use(s): see Indications for Use below

2. Indication(s) for use:

The GlucoManager Data Management Software (GDMS) is intended tor use home and clinical settings to aid people with diabetes and their health care professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation blood glucose test results to support effective diabetes management. The device is not intended to provide any diagnosis based upon patient results.

3. Special conditions for use statement(s): Compatible meters: EasyMax N (k083099) meter

4. Special instrument requirements: Not Applicable

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

1. Predicate device name(s): In Touch Diabetes Management Software

2 Device Company Lifescan

3. Predicate 510(k) number(s): k984527

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Element ofComparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LifeScan IN TOUCH®Diabetes ManagementSoftware (k984527)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EPS GlucoManagerData ManagementSoftware (GDMS)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>- Intended Use (S)Management Software can helphealthcare professionals andpeople with diabetes monitor bloodglucose levels. You and yourhealthcare professional can use INTOUCH Software to plan meals,exercise, lifestyle, and medicationto help control diabetes. INTOUCH Diabetes ManagementSoftware lets you track and reviewblood glucose test results. Thishelps you keep your blood glucoselevels stable.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The GlucoManager DataManagement Software (GDMS) isintended for use in home andclinical settings to aid people withdiabetes and their health careprofessionals in the review,analysis and evaluation bloodglucose test results to supporteffective diabetes management.The device is not intended toprovide any diagnosis based uponpatient results.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Single User Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single and Multi-Patient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Patient</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Computer SystemRequirement</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>* A supported blood glucosemeter,* CD-Rom drive* 100~200 MB minimum of freehard disk space while installation,100 MB after installation* 128 MB minimum of free RAM,</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>* EasyMax N Blood GlucoseMeter,* Compact Disk (CD) drive* 20 MB or greater of free harddisk space,* 32 MB or greater of free RAM,</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

\* 800 x 600 (or higher) resolution \* Video monitor and adapter with at least 800 x 600 pixels and 256 monitor, colors, \* Available 9-pin RS232 serial port. \* Available 9-pin or 25-pin COM or USB port. \* Operating system of Microsoft® \* Operating system of Microsoft® Windows® Me, Windows 98, Windows® 98, Windows® 2000 Windows® 2000, Windows® XP, Professional, Windows® XP Windows® Vista Home and Professional Installed using CD   
- Installation of Program Installed using CD English English, Spanish   
-Language Capabilities Yes   
- Ability to Uninstall Yes   
Program Yes   
- Ability to Link to Yes   
Different Database   
Versions Yes, Customer Service Center   
- Technical Support Yes Toll-Free Number: 1-866-203-2761   
About Transmission Yes   
- Auto-detect COM Port Yes Serial Cable, Cable available Serial Cable, Cable available - Cable Availability separately. separately. Software driver must be uploaded - Capable of Uploading Software driver must be uploaded on the device or installed on PC. on the device or installed on PC. Data from Various Devices About Operation - Ability to Access Yes Yes Program via Icon or Explorer Yes, Iink provided via icon Yes - Viewing the User's Manual Yes - Copy Database to Yes Separate File Yes - Copy Saved Database Yes Back to Achieve Database About Personal Settings Pre-Set to mg/dL - Unit of Blood Glucose Choice of mg/dL or mmol/L About Report Log Book, Glucose Trend, Logbook, Line Graph, Average - Report Types Average Day, Average Week Readings. Ahout Modifying Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>- Downloaded ResultsCannot Be Edited orDeleted</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Ability to Modify MeterAverage Results</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>- Required Informationon Use (Patient) Enter</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No required information</td></tr><tr></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="9" rowspan="1">4. 2 DifferencesEPS GlucoManagerLifeScan IN TOUCH®</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="3">LifeScan IN TOUCH®Diabetes ManagementSoftware (k984527)</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">EPS GlucoManagerData ManagementSoftware (GDMS)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Element ofComparison</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">No</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">- Ability to Clear MeterResults in Memoryand Set Mater Clockto a Specific Date andTime</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">- Ability to Email Reportfrom PC Directly fromProgram</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes, mm/dd/yy or dd/mm/yy.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">- Ability to Display 12 or24 Hour Clock Formatand Change DateFormat</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="3">- Ability to SynchronizeMeter Clock to PCUpon Download</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">- Ability to Personalize.Target Ranges</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">No</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">- Ability to Set DefaultTarget Range</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">- Ability to EnterHypoglycemic Range</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="3">Yes</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">- Ability to Enter InsulinRegiment</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="4">Yes</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">- Ability to Set DefaultFavorite Report</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2">No</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="4" rowspan="2">Ability to Default to</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="2">Yes</td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">cYanmaGlowb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Manufacturer Settings</td></tr><tr><td>About Report Report Types</td><td>Data List, Data Statistics, Within Target, Standard Day, Histogram Chart, 14 Days Summary, Glucose</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">&amp; Insulin About Modifying Results</td></tr><tr><td>- Manual Entry</td><td>Yes</td><td>No No</td></tr><tr><td>- Ability to Input Additional Information</td><td>Yes, insulin doses, carb data, exercise data, health notes,</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>- Ability to Specify Complications Associated with</td><td>comments. Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Diabetes by Patient - Specifying / Entering Medications / Insulin</td><td>Yes, up to three different medicines, insulin types</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Deleting Results; Patients and All Accompanying</td><td>Yes, only manual entry results may be deleted.</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Records About Patient and Therapy Management</td></tr><tr><td>- Search Patient</td><td>Yes</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Capability - Diabetes Control</td><td>Yes, including insulin list, exercise, carbohydrate</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>- Doctor Information and Diabetes</td><td>Yes, one doctor may be entered. one diabetes educator may be</td><td>No</td></tr><tr><td>Educator Information - Ability to Limit Result Selection by Last Transfer</td><td>entered. Yes, with the exception of the In TOUCH Ultra.</td><td>No</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

1.IEC 62304:2006 Medical device software - Software lite cycie piucess 2.ISO 14971:2007, Medical Devices - Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices

K. Test Principle: Not Applicable

L. Performance Characteristics (if/when applicable):

1. Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
b. Linearity/assay reportable range: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
C. Traceability, Stability, Expected values (controls, calibrators, or methods): See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
d. Detection limit: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
e. Analytical specificity: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
f. Assay cut-off: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)

Comparison studies:

a. Method comparison with predicate device: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
b. Matrix comparison: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)

3.Clinical studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
b. Clinical specificity: See compatible meters EasyMax N SMBG system (k083099)   
Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable):

A User acceptance Study using 106 subjects was conauctea lu evaluate u GlucoManager Data Management Software with the following objectives:

1.To evaluate design and ease-of-use   
2To document participant feedback on the features / functions   
3. To document Observer feedback on participant performance   
4. To validate the user instructions are accurate and easy to follow   
5. To evaluate participant ratings with respect to features / functions   
6To report any discrepancies (bugs/error messages) found during the evaluation

The subjects (Users) were required to have a minimum of basic computer skills ana teel comfortable using a Windows-based Operating System.

Conclusions were based on the subjects' ability to demonstrate by usage and evauauon (rating) of features/functions (recorded as responses to 19 feature/function tests), their understanding of the applications of the software, their understanding of how to use the software, their comprehension of the contents of the instructions for use, as well as user assessment of ease-of-use based on a separate questionnaire.

Performance of each User was recorded and evaluated by EPS study administrators (Observers), who are familiar with proper use of GlucoManager Data Management Software. Observers rated each subject's performance using four general questions.

4Clinical cut-off: See above associated devices

5. Expected values/Reference range See above associated devices

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

EPS Bio Technology Corp.   
c/o Y.C. Lei   
2 F, No.49-2, Lane 2, Sec. 2, Guang Fu Road Hsinchu City   
China (Taiwan) 300

# JUL 3 1 2009

Re: k091229 Trade/Device Name: Glucomanager Data Management Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system. Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: April 23, 2009 Received: May 05, 2009

Dear: Y.C. Lei:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmiarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

40.1

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Acting Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use 510(k Number (f known): $k 0 9 1 2 2 9$ Device Name: GlucoManager Data Management Software

Indications for Use:

The GlucoManager Data Management Software (GDMS) is intended for use in home and clinical settings to aid people with diabetes and their health care professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation blood glucose test results to support effective diabetes management. The device is not intended to provide any diagnosis based upon patient results.

Prescription Use V AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use V (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

DWision sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 5101 K091229