# Abbott® m2000™" System 510(k) Summary

# Table of Contents

#

Page   
1.0 Submitted By ... .. 3   
2.0 Contact.s . 3   
3.0 Date of Prep.paraion... 3   
4.0 Name f . 4   
5.0 Predicate Devices... 4   
6.0 Device Description.... 4   
7.0 Intended Use of the Device ... .. 6   
8.0 Technological Characteristics of the Device as Compared to the Predicate(s) . 6.   
9.0 Summary of Non-Clinical Testing . .. 7   
10.0 Summary of Clinical Testing. …, 10   
11.0 Conclusions for Non-clinical and Clinical Testing... 12

A summary of the Abbott $^ { \mathfrak { P } } m 2 0 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ System as required by Section 807.92(c) is provided below.

1.0

# Submitted By:

Abbott Molecular Inc. 1300 E. Touhy Ave. Des Plaines, IL 60018 Phone: (224) 361-7000 eFAX (847) 775-6777

2.0

# Contact Person

Paula E. Martin   
Senior Manager Regulatory and Clinical Affairs   
Telephone: (224) 361-7333   
eFAX (847) 775-6777   
Email: paula.martin@abbott.com

Irene Powers Director of Regulatory Affairs Abbott Molecular Inc. Telephone: (847) 938-6930 eFAX (847) 775-6777 Email: irene.powers@abbott.com

3.0

# Date of Preparation

August 2009

# 4.0 Name of Device

Trade Name:

Abbott® m2000™" System Components: Abbott® m2000sp™

Model Numbers: 9K14-01 (G-Series) 9K14-02 (E-Series)

9K15-01

# Common Name:

Automated sample preparation and batch analyzer system for nucleic acid amplification and detection.

# Components:

The $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ is an automated sample preparation system.

The $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ is an automated batch analyzer for nucleic acid amplification and detection.

Classification Name and Regulation:

The $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ is classified as a "Clinical sample concentrator" as described in 21CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 3 1 0 $ (Class I, Procode JJH).

The $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ is classified as ""Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems" as described in 21CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 5 7 0$ (Class II, Procode OOI).

5.0

# Predicate Devices

Roche COBAS® TaqMan® Analyzer (K012966)

6.0

# Device Description

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ System is an instrument platform that automates steps to perform nucleic acid amplification assays from sample processing through amplification, detection, and data reduction.

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ System comprises the $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ and $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ instruments, which are operated with separate System Control Center (SCC) workstations. Each instrument contains an independent software application; one for the $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ and a second for the $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ .

The $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ instrument is a floor standing, automated sample preparation system. The three main components of the $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ are the:

Instrument Cabinet System Control Center (SCC)

The m 2000rt instrument is a real-time PCR thermal cycler/reader instrument system. The two main components of the $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ are the:

Instrument System Control Center (SCC)

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ System software processes sample preparation and amplification/detection protocols based on pre-determined, assay-specific parameters that are contained in individual assay application specification files that are installed on the SCC. The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ reads and processes bar coded primary sample tubes and processes up to 96 specimens, controls, and calibrators in batch mode. The $m 2 0 0 0$ System is capable of processing samples from various matrices, depending on the specific assay application, including plasma, serum, endocervical swabs, urethral swabs, vaginal swabs, and urine. At the completion of the automated sample preparation protocol, the operator seals and manually transfers the PCR plate to the Abbott $\dot { m } 2 0 0 0 r t$ for nucleic acid detection. Bar code and $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ data is transferred to the $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ electronically.

# 7.0 Intended Use of the Device

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ system is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in performing FDA cleared and approved nucleic acid testing in clinical laboratories. It comprises the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ and the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ instruments.

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ is an automated system for performing sample preparation for nucleic acid testing.

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ is an automated system for performing fluorescencebased PCR to provide quantitative and qualitative detection of nucleic acid sequences.

8.0

# Technological Characteristics of the Device as Compared to the Predicate(s)

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ System is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device Roche COBAS TaqMan Analyzer (510(k) K012966.

These devices are similar in that they are designed to amplify, detect and report results of DNA or RNA qualitative and/or quantitative assays. The primary similarities and differences between the $m 2 0 0 0$ System and the predicate device are shown in Table 1 in the attachment (the differences are shown in underlined italics in the table).

Because the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ is being submitted at the same time as this $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ , it should be noted that the CT/NG assay, which is used on the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ , is shown to be substantially equivalent to the Gen-Probe Combo-2 Assay (K043224). The Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay is also shown to be substantially equivalent to the Becton Dickinson ProbeTec ET Chlamydia trachomatis /Neisseria gonorrhoeae Amplified DNA Assay (K012351). Please refer to the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay 510(k) submission for more information.

9.0

# 9.1 Analytical Sensitivity

The Limit of Detection (LOD) claim for the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay is 320 copies of Chlamydia trachomatis (CT) target DNA and 320 copies of Neisseria gonorrhoeae (NG) target DNA per assay. The assay targets the Chlamydia trachomatis cryptic plasmid (present at approximately 7 to 10 copies per Chlamydia organism) and the multicopy opacity gene of Neisseria gonorrhoeae (repeated up to 11 times per organism). Thus, 320 copies of target DNA is equivalent to approximately 30 to 40 organisms per assay.

The LOD of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay is defined as CT and NG target DNA concentration detected with a probability of $9 5 \%$ or greater. The CT and NG DNA concentrations detected with $9 5 \%$ probability were determined by testing dilutions of CT and NG target DNA. Probit analysis of the data determined that the concentration of CT DNA detected with $9 5 \%$ probability was 21 copies/assay ( $9 5 \%$ CI 18 - 28), the concentration of nvCT DNA detected with $9 5 \%$ probability was 29 copies/assay $9 5 \%$ CI 24 - 41), and the concentration of NG DNA detected with $9 5 \%$ probability was 149 copies/assay $9 5 \%$ CI 130 - 176).

The claimed assay LOD was confirmed by testing samples that contained 320 copies of CT, nvCT and NG target DNA per assay. The detection rate was $100 \%$ (405/405) for CT, $100 \%$ (403/403) for nvCT, and $9 9 . 5 \%$ (403/405) for NG in the assay.

An additional study was conducted to challenge the performance of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay in samples containing high target numbers of CT, nvCT, or NG in the presence of low target numbers of the opposite analyte. Samples were prepared to contain $3 2 0 \mathrm { C T }$ or nvCT target DNA copies and $1 \times 1 0 7 \mathrm { N G }$ target DNA copies per assay, or $_ { 1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } }$ 107 CT or nvCT target DNA copies and $3 2 0 ~ \mathrm { N G }$ target DNA copies per assay. The detection rate of 320 copies of CT or nvCT DNA in the presence of high NG target was $100 \%$ (405/405). The detection rate of 320 copies of NG DNA in the presence of high CT or nvCT target was $100 \%$ (405/405).

The analytical sensitivity of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay for detecting Chlamydia trachomatis serovars A through L was determined by testing dilutions of each serovar. Serovars A through K and L1 through L3 were detected at less than 1 Inclusion Forming Units (IFU) per assay. Additionally, nvCT was diluted and was also detected at less than 1 IFU per assay.

The analytical sensitivity of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay for detecting 28 different isolates of Neisseria gonorrhoeae was determined by testing dilutions of each isolate. All isolates were detected at less than 1 Colony Forming Unit (CFU)/assay.

# 9.2 Evaluation of Potential Cross-Reactants

A total of 111 strains of bacteria, viruses, parasites, yeast, and fungi were tested for potential cross reactivity in the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay (Table 2). These included organisms that are phylogenetically related to CT and NG, and those that can be found in the urogenital tract. Purified DNA or RNA was diluted to a final concentration of $1 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 7 }$ copies/assay. HBV DNA and HCV RNA were added directly into the PCR reaction at approximately $4 \mathrm { ~ x ~ } 1 0 ^ { 5 }$ and $6 \times 1 0 ^ { 6 }$ copies per reaction, respectively. All results were negative for both CT and NG.

Additionally, a total of 32 culture isolates were tested for potential cross reactivity in the Abbott RealTime e assay. These included 27 organisms listed in Table 2, and Neisseria cinerea, Neisseria lactamica, Neisseria sicca, Ca Ski cells containing HPV 16, and Hela cells containing HPV 18. Ca Ski cells containing HPV 16 and Hela cells containing HPV 18 were tested at 106 cells per assay, $C .$ pneumoniae and $C$ psittaci were tested at ${ 1 0 } ^ { 6 }$ EB per assay, HSV-1 and HSV-2 were tested at ${ 1 0 } ^ { 6 }$ genomes per assay, and the rest of the organisms were tested at $1 0 ^ { 6 }$ Colony Forming Units (CFU) per assay. All results were negative for both CT and NG.

# 1.3 Evaluation of Potentially Interfering Substances

The potential for interference in the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay was assessed with substances that may be found in swab and/or urine specimens. Substances were spiked into a swab and/or urine matrix containing 320 copies of CT and NG target DNA per assay, and into a swab and/or urine matrix without CT or NG DNA.

No interference in the performance of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay was observed in the presence of the substances listed in Table 3.

Interference in the performance of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay may be observed with the following substances:

Talcum powder at concentrations greater than $0 . 1 \%$ in urine specimens. Phenazopyridine hydrochloride (the active ingredient in URISTAT) at concentrations greater than $3 ~ \mathrm { m g / m L }$ in urine specimens. Mucus at concentrations greater than $0 . 1 \%$ for urine specimens and $1 \%$ for swab specimens.

# 9.4 Precision Study

A precision study was performed at three sites, two external and one internal. Each site was provided a fifteen-member panel. Nine panel members targeted different combinations of CT and NG concentrations and six panel members targeted different combinations of nvCT and NG concentrations. Five replicates of each panel member were tested in each run. Thirty runs (10 per site) were performed for a total of 150 replicates of each panel member. The study included three amplification reagent lots. Each site tested two amplification reagent lots. A variance components analysis for a nested model was performed on delta cycle (DC) values, and the results are summarized in Table 4 and Table 5, respectively.

# 9.5 Carryover

Potential carryover was determined by performing a study in which high copy CT positive samples were interspersed with negative samples arranged in a checkerboard pattern. The positive samples were CT DNA at a concentration of $\mathrm { 1 0 ^ { 7 } c o p i e s / m l }$ . The carryover rate is defined as the number of CT negative samples that are reported as positive or equivocal over the total number of CT-negative samples tested. Each run included 47 negative samples and 46 positive samples. A total of 14 runs were evaluated using two lots of the RealTime CT/NG amplification reagents on four m2000sp and $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ instrument pairs.

A total of 656 valid negative samples were evaluated for potential carryover effect. A total of 5 false positive and 1 equivocal results were observed. The carryover rate was $0 . 9 1 \%$ .

# 10.0 Summary of Clinical Testing

Performance characteristics of the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay were established in a multi-center clinical study conducted in the United States. Specimens were collected from subjects at 16 geographically diverse sites that included physician private practices, public and private STD clinics, and a hospital emergency room. A total of 3,832 male and female, asymptomatic and symptomatic subjects were enrolled. Study subjects were classified as symptomatic if the subject reported STD-related symptoms. Specimens collected from each female subject included urine, endocervical swabs, self-collected vaginal swab, and clinician-collected vaginal swabs. Specimens collected from each male subject included urine and urethral swabs. Specimen testing methods included the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay, two commercially available nucleic acid amplification tests (NAAT) for CT and NG, and culture for NG. The NAATs and the NG culture were used as reference assays in the clinical study.

For females, self-collected vaginal swab and urine specimens were collected first, followed by endocervical swab for culture. Remaining swab specimen collection was randomized to minimize bias. For males, urethral swab for culture was collected first. Remaining swab specimen collection was randomized to minimize bias. Urine specimen was collected after the swab specimens.

For each subject, a patient infected status was determined based on the combined results from the reference assays. A female subject was categorized as infected for CT or NG if a minimum of two positive results (at least one from each reference NAAT) were reported. For CT, female subjects with positive results on urine and negative results on endocervical swab specimens from both reference assays were categorized as infected for urine and not infected for swab specimens. A male subject was categorized as infected for CT or NG if a minimum of two positive results were reported. If the reference NG culture assay result was positive, the subject was categorized as infected regardless of NAAT results.

A female subject was categorized as not infected with CT or NG if at least one of the reference NAATs reported negative results for all sample types and if the NG culture assay result was negative. A male subject was categorized as not infected with CT or NG if a total of at least two negative results were reported by the reference NAATs and if the NG culture assay result was negative.

If patient infected status could not be determined due to missing and/or indeterminate results from the reference assays, the subject was excluded from the analysis. Patient infected status could not be determined for 4 subjects for CT and 7 subjects for NG.

Tables 6 through 24 summarize the clinical trial data.

Abbott RealTime CT/NG test results were compared to the patient infected status for calculation of assay sensitivity and specificity. A total of 6,555 CT and $6 { , } 5 6 9 \mathrm { N G }$ results were used in the analysis. The results were analyzed by gender, sample type, and the presence of symptoms. The overall sensitivity and specificity for CT was $9 5 . 2 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ , respectively. The overall sensitivity and specificity for NG was $9 7 . 5 \%$ and $9 9 . 7 \%$ , respectively. Sensitivity and specificity for CT for female subjects and male subjects are presented in Tables 6 and 7, respectively. Sensitivity and specificity for NG for female subjects and male subjects are presented in Tables 8 and 9, respectively.

A comparison of patient infected status, individual test results from the reference assays and Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay was performed. CT results for infected and noninfected female subjects are presented in Tables 10 and 11, and for infected and noninfected male subjects in Tables 12 and 13. NG results for infected and non-infected female subjects are presented in Tables 14 and 15, and for infected and non-infected male subjects in Tables 16 and 17.

The prevalence of CT and NG in this study was dependent on several factors including age, gender, clinic type, and the method of testing. The prevalence per collection site determined by the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay for endocervical swab specimens is presented in Table 18, for clinician-collected and self-collected vaginal swab specimens is presented in Table 19; for female urine specimens in Table 20; and for male urethral swab and male urine specimens in Tables 21 and 22, respectively.

The Positive and Negative Predictive Values (PPV and NPV) were calculated using hypothetical prevalence rates and the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay sensitivity and specificity determined from the clinical study. The overall sensitivity and specificity for CT was $9 5 . 2 \%$ and $9 9 . 3 \%$ , respectively. The overall sensitivity and specificity for NG was $9 7 . 5 \%$ and $9 9 . 7 \%$ , respectively. Estimates of the PPV and NPV for the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay are presented in Table 23 for CT and Table 24 for NG. :

# 1.0 Conclusions for Non-clinical and Clinical Testing

Based on the results of the studies summarized above, the Abbott $m 2 0 0 0$ System, in conjunction with the Abbott RealTime CT/NG assay, has been shown to be substantially equivalent.

Abbott Molecular, Inc..   
c/o Paula Martin   
Senior Manager, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs 1300 E. Touhy Ave.   
Des Plaines, IL 60018

Re: k092705 Trade/Device Name: Abbott m2000 system Regulation Number: 21CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 5 7 0$ E Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: 0O1, JH Dated: May 21, 2010 Received: May 24, 2010

Dear Ms. Martin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

Iyrvi is clas eeboveinto class  pel nrols), i ay  ubjet h additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical.device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality ystes (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and, if applicable, the

Page 2 - Paula Martin

1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Valk attot

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D. Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K092705

Device Name: Abbott m2000 System

Indications for Use:

The Abbott m2000 system is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in performing FDA cleared and approved nucleic acid testing in clinical laboratories. It comprises the Abbott m2000sp and the Abbott m2000rt instruments.

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ is an automated system for performing sample preparation for nucleic acid testing.

The Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 n$ is an automated system for performing fluorescence-based PCR to provide quantitative and qualitative detection of nucleic acid sequences.