# 510 (k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is: _ k092688

1. Submitter Information   
Company name   
Contact person   
Address   
TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
Teling Hsu   
3F, 5F, No. 127, Wugong 2nd Rd,   
Wugu Township, Taipei County,   
24888, Taiwan   
$( + 8 8 6 - 2 )$ 6625-8188 #1176   
$( + 8 8 6 - 2 )$ 6625-0288   
teling.hsu@taidoc.com.tw   
July $4 ^ { \mathfrak { h } }$ ,2011   
Phone   
FAX   
E-mail   
Date Prepared

Name of Device Proprietary Names

Common Name Classification Name

FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
Blood Glucose Test System   
Class II devices.   
(21 CFR Section 862.1345)   
LFR

# Product Code

Predicate Device Trade/Proprietary Name: Common/Usual Name: Manufacturer 510 (k) Number

TaiDoc Professional I Glucose Test Strips Blood Glucose Test System TaiDoc Technology Corporation K082169

Device Description

The FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is designed to quantitatively measure the concentration of glucose in capillary and venous whole blood. The test principle of the system utilize an electrochemical method-based meter and dry reagent biosensor (test strips) for blood glucose testing. The size of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measurement of glucose in whole blood and control solutions.

# Intended Use

The FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose with fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous whole blood samples. It is indicated for multiple patients use by health care professionals in health care facilities as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. The system is only used with single-use lancing devices. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus. It is not intended for use on neonates.

The FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose test strips are for the quantitative measurement of glucose with fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous whole blood samples. The FORA POCT S10 test strips are for use only with the FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose meter.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The proposed FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Meter is in conjunction with TaiDoc Pro I Glucose Test Strips which is cleared as the predicate device and work with the proposed device as a functional system.

This system use amperometry for blood glucose measurement. The test is based on the measurement of electrical current generated by the reaction of glucose with reagents of the strip.

# Performance Studies

The performance of FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System has the same performance characteristics as the predicate device.

The studies of software verification and validation testing, system accuracy, and meter reliability test demonstrated that the performance of this system meets its intended use.

# Conclusion

FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System demonstrates satisfactory performance and is suitable for its intended use.

TaiDoc Technology Corporation   
c/o Ms. Teling Hsu   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
3F, 5F, No. 127, Wugong $2 ^ { " 1 4 }$ Road, Wugu Township   
Taipei County, Taiwan 24888

Re: k092688 Trade/Device Name: FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFR Dated: June 28, 2011 Received: June 30, 2011

Dear Ms. Hsu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 540. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Courthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k092688

Device Name: FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose with fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous whole blood samples. It is indicated for multiple patients use by health care professionals in health care facilities as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. The system is only used with single-use lancing devices. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes melltus. It is not intended for use on neonates.

The FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose test strips are for the quantitative measurement of glucose with fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous whole blood samples. The FORA POCT S10 test strips are for use only with the FORA POCT S10 Blood Glucose meter.