# FEB 1 9 2010

InTouchTM.diabetes Traditional 510(k) December 8, 2009

# 5.0 510(K) SUMMARY

# Submitter's Name

SymCare Personalized Health Solutions, Inc.

# Address

965 Chesterbrook Blvd. Wayne, PA 19087

Establishment Registration Number

3007710797

Date of Summary

08-December-2009

Telephone Number Fax Number

484.686.4650   
610.455.2334

Contact Person

Rae Ann DeLay, Director Quality, Regulatory & Compliance

# Name of the Device

# InTouchTModiabetes Version 2.1

Common or Usual Name

Accessory to a glucose test system

Classification Name

Glucose Test System, 21 CFR 862.1345, Class II Product Code: NBW Calculator/Data Processing Module for Clinical Use, 21 CFR 862.2100, Class I, Product Code: JQP

# Performance Standards

There are no performance standards promulgated for this device.

# Indications for Use

InTouchTModiabetes is intended for use in home settings to aid people with diabetes and healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of historical blood glucose test results to support effective diabetes management. It is intended for use as an accessory to blood glucose meters with data management capabilities. This system is intended for use by people 18 years of age and older. InTouchTM-diabetes is not intended to provide treatment decisions or to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare judgment. All patient medical diagnoses and treatment are to be performed under the supervision and oversight of an appropriate healthcare professional.

# Identification of the Legally Marketed Device (Predicate Device)

SymCare Diabetes Management Program(DMP) V2.03,   
K083263   
MCT Diabetes Version 2.0; K073699   
Think Positive $( { \sf t } + )$ Diabetes Management System, K061328

510(k) SUMMARY, continued

InTouchTModiabetes is an online tool that helps patients to manage their diabetes and communicate their blood glucose readings to their invited healthcare professionals, who they partner with in managing their diabetes.

InTouchTModiabetes enables a blood glucose meter to connect via a Bluetooth accessory, the Polymap Wireless Polytel® GMA Glucose Meter Accessory (GMA), to a cellular phone in order to transmit meter readings to the InTouchTM-diabetes online system, which is accessible by the healthcare provider as well as the patient. The Polymap Wireless Polytel® GMA(s) that are utilized by InTouchTM-diabetes are currently marketed accessories cleared for OTC use via 510(k) K091296.

Device Description

0 Patients are offered insights into their condition and in partnership with their HCPs can engage in new self-management activities, including monitoring regimens. Education content and interactive communications with their caregivers, disease managers, or educators, are available.

The InTouchTM-diabetes application software that resides on the mobile phone transmits the patient's blood glucose measurement data from a glucose meter to the InTouchTM-diabetes central repository database. The data is analyzed to recognize health patterns, show trends, and this information is displayed visually along with personalized health information and education.

InTouchTM-diabetes does not provide alerts/alarms, specific treatment or insulin does recommendations; or any advertisements and it meets the applicable HIPAA privacy requirements.

# Substantial Equivalence

InTouchTM-diabetes is similar to MCT-Diabetes K073699 and Think Positive $\mathbf { ( t + ) }$ Diabetes Management System K061328 in that all include software which is intended to assist in the review, analysis and evaluation of blood glucose test results. These systems share similar product components (cellular phone, blood glucose meter, website) and product interfaces (bluetooth connectivity). Both MCTDiabetes K073699 and Think Positive $( { \bf t } + )$ Diabetes Management System K061328 are indicated for Over the Counter Use. inTouchTM-diabetes was cleared by the FDA under the previous name, SymCare Diabetes Management Program in K083263.

510(k) SUMMARY, continued

# Non-clinical Testing:

Extensive software verification and validation testing was conducted and demonstrated compliance to requirements and design specifications. This testing included unit, integration and system level testing as well as user acceptance and load testing.

# Clinical Testing:

A human factors/usability study was performed to measure the usability of the InTouchTM diabetes and/or to identify critical areas that require modification to improve comprehensibility.

# Description and Conclusion of Testing

Additionally, a readability assessment of the user manual and the . website was performed using the Fry Scale. The readability for user manual is at the 9th grade level while the website is the between 7th and 8th grade levels. This labeling provides adequate directions for use for the intended user (people 18 years of age and older) to use InTouchTM-diabetes safely and for the purposes for which it is intended.

# Conclusion:

The successful non-clinical testing and clinical testing demonstrates the safety and effectiveness of the InTouchTModiabetes Version 2.1 when used for the defined indications for use and demonstrates that the device for which the $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ is submitted performs as well as or better than the legally marketed predicate device.

# Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Document Mail Center - WO66-0609 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

Symcare Personalized Health Solutions, Inc   
c/o Rae Ann Delay   
Quality, Regulatory & HealthCare Compliance   
965 Chesterbrook Blvd,   
Wayne, PA 19087

FEB 19 2010

Re: k093789 Trade/Device Name: Intouch Diabetes Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system. Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: December 8, 2009 Received: December 9, 2009

Dear: Ms. Delay:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranWe rmind yo, howevr, that devie label must  truthu andnot milg

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class Ⅲ (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Gc

Courtney C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k093789

Device Name: InTouchTM-diabetes

Indications for Use:

InTouch™M-diabetes is intended for use in home settings to aid people with diabetes and healthcare professionals in the review, analysis and evaluation of historical blood glucose test results to support effective diabetes management. It is intended for use as an accessory to blood glucose meters with data management capabilities. This system is intended for use by people 18 years of age and older. InTouchTm-diabetes is not intended to provide treatment decisions or to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare judgment. All patient medical diagnoses and treatment are to be performed under the supervision and oversight of an appropriate healthcare professional.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Canof Benr 1   
of In Vitro Diagnostic Device J and Safety EY $1 < 0 9 3 7 8 9$

Page 1 of _1