# 510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of $\pmb { 5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } ) }$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assignd 10ok) ube:K0 937/2

1. Submitter's Identification: TaiDoc Technology Corporation 6F, No.127, Wugong 2nd Rd., Wugu Township, Taipei County, 248, Taiwan

# Correspondence:

Nicky Pan Regulatory Affairs Specialist Tel: +886-2-6625-8188 #1196 Fax: +886-2-6625-0288 Email: nicky@taidoc.com.tw

Date of submission: 11/30/2009

# 2. Device name:

Proprietary name: FORA G71a blood glucose monitoring system TD-4274 blood glucose monitoring system

Regulatory information:

A. Regulation section: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test System   
B. Classification: Class II   
C. Product Code: CGA, Glucose Oxidase, Glucose NBW, System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over The Counter   
D. Panel: Chemistry (75)

3. Intended Use:

This system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use only). It is used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the pal, orear,upper arm, cal, thigh, or ngers. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, or for use on neonates.

This system provides you with plasma equivalent results.

4Device Description:

The system consists of three main products: the meter, test strips, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system to produce accurate blood glucose test results. Use only FORA G71a / TD-4274 test strips and control solutions with the FORA G71a Blood Glucose Monitoring System / TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

5. Substantial Equivalence Information:

A. Predicate device name:   
FORA G30/TD-4241 Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
B. Predicate K number: K090187   
C. Comparison with predicate:   
The modified FORA G71a blood glucose monitoring system / TD-4274 Blood   
Glucose Monitoring Systems have the following similarities to the predicate device: same operating principle,   
same fundamental scientific technology, incorporate the same basic circuit design, incorporate the same materials,   
same shelf life   
packaged using the same materials, and Manufactured by the same process.

The modifications encompass:

A modification in the software of the glucose meter Modification in the physical appearance Engineering modifications Labeling change due to the software modification

6Test Principle:

The detection and measurement of glucose in blood is by an electrochemical biosensor technology using glucose oxidase.

7. Performance Characteristics:

FORA G71a blood glucose monitoring system / TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System have the same performance characteristics as the predicate device.

A comparison of system accuracy performance demonstrated that the FORA G7 1a blood glucose monitoring system / TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the currently marketed FORA G30/TD-4241 Blood Glucose Monitoring System are substantially equivalent.

Software verification and validation testing confirmed that the performance, safety and effectiveness of the FORA G71a blood glucose monitoring system / TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems are equivalent to the predicate device.

# 8. Conclusion:

Based on the information provided in this submission, the FORA G7 1a blood glucose monitoring system / TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System are substantially equivalent to the predicate FORA G30/TD-4241 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

Taidoc Technology Corporation c/o Ms. Nicky Pan 6f, No. 127, Wugong 2nd Rd, Wugu Township Taipei County, China (Taiwan) 248

FEB 1 9 2010

Re: k093712 Trade/Device Name: Fora G71a Blood Glucose Monitoring System, TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system. Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: December 3, 2009 Received: January 20, 2010

Dear: Ms. Pan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (MA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or ( 301 ) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Cc

Courtny C. Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Section 8. Indications for Use

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K093712

Device Name: FORA G71a Blood Glucose Monitoring System/TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The FORA G71a Blood Glucose Monitoring System/TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System are intended for use in the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and the following alternative sites: the palm, the forearm, the upper-arm, the calf and the thigh. It is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control program. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The alternative site testing in the FORA G71a Blood Glucose Monitoring System /TD-4274 Blood Glucose Monitoring System can be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions.

Prescription Use And/Or Over the Counter Use X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence ofCDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic.Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD) Caof Bena

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) K093712

Page l of_1_