$$
k 0 9 3 7 4 5
$$

# 510(K) SUMMARY

SPONSOR

LifeScan, Inc. 1000 Gibraltar Drive Milpitas, CA 95035 U.S.A.

# COrresPondENT

Lisa McGrath   
LifeScan, Inc.   
1000 Gibraltar Drive   
Milpitas, CA 95035   
Phone: 408-956-4446/e-mail: Imcgrat2@its.jnj.com   
Device Name and Trade Name: OneTouch® VerioT Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
CLASSIFICATION Common name: Glucose test system Classification: OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Meters and OneTouch® VerioT Test Strips are Class II devices (21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ , Product Code NBW, LFR) OneTouch® Verio™ Control Solutions are Class I devices (21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1660), Product Code JJX

# System Description

T OneTouch® Ve Blood Glucoe Moniring Systm consists  th OneTouch® Ver Meer OneTouch® Verio Test Strips, OneTouch® VerioControl Solutions (mid and high levels), the Lancing Device, Sterile Lancets and Clear Cap (sold separately).The OneTouch VerioSystemmeasures he gluoecntent o a blood sample by means o n electrical current produced in the tet strip and ent to the meter for measurement.

# Predicate Devices

OneTouch® Ultra®2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K053529) OneTouch® Select™ Control Solutions (K072543)

# InTEnded USE/IndiCatIonS foR UsE

T OeTuch VBl Gu  y    i measurement  glucos ugareh capillary whol blod sample drawn rom the ngetips, forearor palm. The OneTouch® Ver Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be used for testing multiple patients.

The OneTouch Verio Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.The OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

The OneTouch Veri Test Strips are for use with the OneTouch Verio Blood Glucose Meter to quantitativelymeasure glucose (sugar) in resh capillary whole blood samples drawn from thefingertips, forearm or palm.

T   B and Test Strips to check that he meter and tst strips are working together propery and that the test is performing correctly.

# COmparison to Predicate Devices

The Subject device is different from the predicate device for the following aspects:

Meter: ergonomic/physical design, user interface, hardware, modified electronic and software changes.   
• Test Strip: materials of construction, physical layout of the strip electrodes, enzyme chemistry, calibration coding and sample application location.   
Control Solution: glucose nominal levels, composition and color of control solutions.

There have been no changes to the intended use, operating principle or scientific technology.

# TeChnolOgiCAl CHarActEriStics

There has been no change to the fundamental scientific technology, which is amperometric detection. The operating principle remains electrochemical reaction; however the Subject device uses Glucose Dehydrogenase and the predicate device uses Glucose Oxidase as the reagent.

# SuMMary Of PerforMance Characteristics

The OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System (meter, strips, and control) was tested in accordance with ISO 15197:2003(E). Analytical performance testing included system accuracy, repeatability and intermediate precision teting. A user perormance evaluation assessed accuraof T Moiori Sys pere smilar o bohhe peicate device  wl   a laboratory method, the Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI).

# System Accuracy

Aaris st accua  emtrat that th Tuch V Blo Gl Monitoring System and the currently marketed OneTouch® Ultra ${ \mathfrak { s } } _ { 2 }$ Meter are substantially equivalent.

System Accuracy Results for Glucose Concentrations $< 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Percent (and number) of meter results that match the laboratory test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78/96 (81.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92/96 (95.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96/96 (100.0%)</td></tr></table>

System Accuracy Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 7 5 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Percent (and number) of meter results that match the laboratory test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>318/504 (63.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464/504 (92.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>499/504 (99.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>503/504  (99.8%)</td></tr></table>

# Regression Statistics

System compares well with a laboratory method.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Subjects</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.204</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Std. Error (S.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$R^{2}$</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.986 to 1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.971 to 1.564</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.988</td></tr></table>

# Precision

Within Run Precision (300 Venous Blood Tests)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient ofVariation (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.78</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.05</td></tr></table>

Rha   l   w s $2 . 7 2 \%$ or less.

Total Precision (600 Control Solution Tests)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Level Ranges(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient ofVariation (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low (38-62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid (102-138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High (298-403)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr></table>

User Performance Evaluation Subject and HCP Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations ${ < } 7 5 ~ \mathrm { M g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21/28(75%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/28(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/28(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16/28(57.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24/28(85.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28/28(100%)</td></tr></table>

Subject and HCP Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 7 5 ~ \mathrm { M g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/128(53.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115/128(89.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127/128(99.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128/128(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74/125(59.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109/125(87.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120/125(96.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124/125(99.2%)</td></tr></table>

Alternate Site Testing Subject AST Results for Glucose Concentrations ${ \leq } 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/8(75.0%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8(100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/8(100%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Forearm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4/7(57.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6/7(85.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7/7(100%)</td></tr></table>

Subject AST Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 7 5 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Palm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/154(51.9%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132/154(85.7%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146/154(94.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150/154(97.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Forearm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66/144(45.8%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110/144(76.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>127/144(88.2%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138/144(95.8%)</td></tr></table>

De t a OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System were equivalent to that of the predicate device. Th OneTh   l

# COnclusions

The OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent in its intended use, performance, safety effectiveness and the underlying scientific and operating principles used, to the predicate OneTouch® Ultra $\mathfrak { P } _ { 2 }$ Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K053529), and OneTouch® Select™ Control Solutions (K072543).

Life Scan, Inc.   
c/o Ms. Lisa McGrath   
Regulatory Project Manager/Global Regulatory Affairs 1000 Gibraltar Drive, MS 2C   
Milpitas, CA 95035-6312

Re: k093745 Trade Name: One Touch Verio Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 3 4 5$ Regulation Name: Glucose Test System. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: NBW, LFR, JJX Dated: February 8, 2011 Received: February 9, 2011

Dear Ms. McGrath:

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and CosmeticAct (Act) that do not requie pproval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 8; and godmaucturing practice requrements as  orth i the quality systes (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Courtney Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): _K093745

Device Name: OneTouch® Veri" Blood Glucose Monitorin Systm

Indications for Use:

The OneTouch® Veri Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from h ngerts, ear r palThe Tuh®V Bloo Gluc Monii Syst inended to beused by a single patient and should not be used for testig multiple patents.

The OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effeiveness of diabetes control.The OneTouch® Ver Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

Th      Th iy o fingertips, forearm or palm.

T OnTch Sol   Tc  B G Meter and Te Srips  heck hat he meter nd et strips  work ogeth popd that the test is performing correctly.

<table><tr><td>Prescription Use _ (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)</td><td>AND/OR</td><td>Over-The-Counter Use _X_ (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)</td></tr></table>

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)