DEC 2 3 2010

510(k) Summary

A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Dessi Lyakov Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 118 E-mail: dlyakov@aaltoscientific.com

# C. Date of Summary Preparation

# December 23, 2010

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set   
Homocysteine Linearity Set   
Assay QC Material   
Class I   
21 CFR 862.1660   
75   
JJX

# E. Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Product Trade Name:

Liquichek Homocysteine Control Bio-Rad Laboratories, Irvine, California K984071

Audit MicroCV General Chemistry Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, California K042318

# Description of the Device

The Audit™M MicroCV™M Homocysteine Linearity Set is a human based, liquid, five level set of QC material, with each level containing one analyte: Homocysteine. It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of Homocysteine. Level A has concentration near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit level of instruments. Levels B - D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# Statement of Intended Use

The Audit™M MicroCV™M Homocysteine Linearity Set is assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains Homocysteine analyte. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Homocysteine analyte. It is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for purpose of determining linearity, calibration verification and verification of reportable range for Homocysteine. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling. The Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set should not be used for calibration or standardization of the Homocysteine assay. The Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

# I. Summary of Performance Data

Audit MicroCV Homocysteine Linearity Set.All supporting data is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: Once a vial has been opened, Homocysteine will be stable for 10 days when stored tightly capped at $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Shelf Life: Two years, when stored unopened at $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf lfe of this product.

H. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Audit™ MicroCVTMHomocysteine Linearity Set(100715)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bio-Rad LiquichekHomocysteineControl (K984071)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Audit™M MicroCVTM GeneralChemistry Linearity Set(K042318)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Audit™M MicroCVTMHomocysteine Linearity Set isassayed quality controlmaterial consisting of fivelevels human based serum.Each level containsHomocysteine analyte. Thefive levels demonstrate alinear relationship to eachother for Homocysteineanalyte. It is intended tosinulate human patient serumsamples for purpose ofdetermining linearity.calibration verification andverification of reportablerange for Homocysteine. Theproduct is intended for usewith quantitative assays on theindicated analyzer provided inthe labeling. The AudiT™MMicroCVTM HomocysteineLinearity Set should not beused for calibration orstandardization of theHomocysteine assay. TheAuditM MicroCVTMHomocysteine Linearity Set isFor In Vitro Diagnostic UseOnly".</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A liquid control formonitoringhomocysteine testprocedures. Thisproduct can be usedfor methods such asHPLC and automatedimmunoassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Audit™M MicroCVT GeneralChemistry Linearity Set is assayedquality control material consisting ofhuman based serum. It is intended tosimulate human patient serum samplesfor the purpose of monitoring theprecision and to detect systematicanalytical deviations of laboratorytesting procedures. This product mayalso be used as unassayed qualitycontrol material for these sameanalytes.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of levelsper set</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x l mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 xlmL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 x 5mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homocysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homocysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total Protein, Albumin, AlkalinePhosphatase, ALT, Amylase, AST,Bilirubin (Total and Direct), BUN,Calcium, Chloride, Cholesterol, CO2,Creatine Kinase, Creatinine, Gamma-GT, Glucose, HDL Cholesterol, Iron,LDH, LDL Cholesterol, Lactate,Lipase, Magnesium, Phosphorus,Potassium, Sodium, Total Protein,Triglycerides and Uric Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 to 8°Cfor 24 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-10 to -70°Cfor 36 months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 to 8° C for 24 months</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open BottleStability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7 days at 2 to 8° C</td></tr></table>

B u b synfy n heabily a  e pruc  stnly evalen predicate device.

AALTO Scientific LTD. c/o Ms. Dessi Lyakov Manager, Regulatory Affairs 1959 Kellogg Avenue Carlsbad, CA 92008

# DEC 2 3 2010

Re: k100715 Trade Name: Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: JJX Dated: November 22, 2010 Received: November 23, 2010

Dear Ms. Lyakov:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Courtney Harper, Ph.D.   
Director i   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K100715

Device Name: Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

The Audit™M MicroCV™M Homocysteine Linearity Set is assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains Homocysteine analyte. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Homocysteine analyte. It is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for purpose of determining linearity, calibration verification and verification of reportable range for Homocysteine. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling. The Audit™M MicroCVTM Homocysteine Linearity Set should not be used for calibration or standardization of the Homocysteine assay. The Audit™M MicroCV™M Homocysteine Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)