Mitsubishi Chemical Medience Co. c/o Ms. Judi Smith, LLC   
Principal   
PO Box 103   
Baldwin, MD 21013

Re: k100130 Trade Name: PATHFAST $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ cTnI-II test; PATHFAST cTnI Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 2 1 5$ Regulation Name: Creatine Phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: MMI, JIT Dated: May 5, 2011 Received: May 11, 2011

Dear Ms. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and peaconac e Of InViDaosicDevivalua n Safey 01 50.Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket noiat  r 807.Fo quesins egardng h reortingvere event the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Courtney Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K100130

Device Name: PATHFAST® cTnI-II test

Indication For Use:

PATHFAST® cTnl-ll test is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of cardiac Troponin I (cTnl) in heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma. Measurements of cardiac Troponin I are used as an aid in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction. This method is for use in clinical laboratory or point of care (POC) settings.

Prescription Use_ X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K100130

Device Name: PATHFAST® cTnl Calibrators

Indication For Use:

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

January 29, 2015

U.S. Food and Drug Administration Center for Devices and Radiological Health Document Mail Center - WO66-G609 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

ATTN: Courtney H. Lias, hD, Director, Division of Chemistry and Toxicology evices

Re: 510(k) Add-To-File for Revised 510(k) Summary and Product Insert PATHFAST CTNI-II TEST, PATHFAST CTNI CALIBRATORS, PATHFAST SAMPLE DILUENT 2 (K100130) LSI Medience Corporation

Dear Dr. Lias,

This submission is in regards to the above referenced 510(k) Premarket Notification, PATHFAST CTNI-II TEST, PATHFAST CTNI CALIBRATORS, PATHFAST SAMPLE DILUENT 2 (K100130), cleared May 16, 2011.

We are requesting FDA replace the 510(k) Summary on file for K100130 with the attached 510(k) Summary due to two typographical errors found on page 4 of the 510(k) Summary originally provided to FDA. Specifically, in the section entitled, "Diagnosis of AMI-Serial Samples," in the first table describing the results for the 0.029 ng/mL Cutoff, the $95 \%$ confidence intervals for Clinical Sensitivity for the 2 to 6 hour and the 6 to 12 hour collection times were incorrectly reported. These errors have been corrected in the attached revised 510(k) Summary. The following table shows the corrections highlighted in yellow.

# Revised 510(k) Summary Table for Diagnosis of AMI  Serial Samples

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#/TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Cutoff0.029 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0 to 2 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.6% (53/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(61.9% - 83.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7% (242/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88.9% - 95.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2 to 6 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1% (67/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84.5% - 97.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1% (243/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89.3% - 95.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6 to 12 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7% (66/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(82.7% - 96.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6% (239/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87.5% - 94.6%)</td></tr></table>

Please note that all information included within the original 510(k) submission that was reviewed and cleared by FDA was accurate and correctly reported. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

This 510(k) Add-to-File is being provided in duplicate, via one hard copy and one eCopy. The eCopy is an exact duplicate of the paper copy.

# Confidentiality

We request that this 510(k) Add-to-File, including commercial information, be maintained by FDA in confidence pursuant to 21 CFR 807.95 for the maximum period allowed by 21 CFR 807.95(b) and (c), and including the maximum postdetermination period specified in 21 CFR 807.95(e). Please notify me directly of any request for release of information pertaining to this 510(k) prior to public disclosure of such information.

Please contact the undersigned at (240) 316-3377 or Judi.Smith@precisionformedicine.com if any additional information is required.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jadi So5

Judi Smith, MS, MT (ASCP)   
Vice President, In Vitro Diagnostics and Quality   
Precision for Medicine

For: LSI Medience Corporation

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# CONTACT:

Judi Smith   
Precision for Medicine   
2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 850   
Bethesda, MD 20814

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

Common Names/Descriptions: Classification Name:

PATHFAST® cTnl-ll Test, PATHFAST® cTnl Calibrators, PATHFAST® Sample Diluent 2 Cardiac troponin immunoassay Immunoassay method, troponin subunit

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

Siemens Stratus CS Acute Care Troponin I Testpak

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

# INTENDED USE:

PATHFAST cTnl-Il test is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of cardiac Troponin I (cTnl) in heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma. Measurements of cardiac Troponin I are used as an aid in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction. This method is for use in clinical laboratory or point of care (POC) settings.

The PATHFAST cTnl Calibrators are for calibration of the PATHFAST system when used for the quantitative determination of cardiac Troponin I in human heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma.

PATHFAST SAMPLE DILUENT 2 is an in vitro diagnostic product used to dilute samples when PATHFAST assay values exceed the reportable assay range.

# DESCRIPTION:

The PATHFAST cTnl-ll assay is for the quantitative measurement of human cardiac troponin I in heparinized or EDTA whole blood or plasma. The assay is designed for use on the PATHFAST instrument.

The PATHFAST cTnl-Il test is a chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay performed on the PATHFAST instrument. Patient samples, whole blood or plasma, are dispensed by the operator into the designated area on the reagent cartridge. The instrument combines the patient sample, the antibody coated magnetic particles, and the alkaline phosphatase conjugate and incubates the mixture for 5 minutes at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ . During this incubation, the analyte in the patient sample binds to the antibody on the coated particles, and the alkaline phosphatase conjugate binds to the analyteantibody-coated particle.

After the incubation, the instrument performs Bound/Free (B/F) separation using Magtration® technology to remove any excess unbound reagents. The chemiluminescent substrate is then added. The substrate is catalyzed by the bound alkaline phosphatase, which results in emission of photons.

The photo-multiplier tube in the PATHFAST instrument detects the photons that are emitted during the reaction. The chemiluminescent count is converted to analyte concentration values by the instrument based on the master calibration curve for the reagent lot.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:

The PATHFAST cTnl-lI assay is substantially equivalent to the Stratus CS cTnl TestPak (predicate device - K033487). The following table summarizes the similarities and differences.

Comparison between PATHFAST cTnlI-ll and predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">comparoon bot</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PATHFAST cTnI-ll</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stratus CS cTnl TestPak</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An in vitro diagnostic test for thequantitative measurement of cardiacTroponin I (cTnl) in heparinized or EDTAwhole blood and plasma.The PATHFAST cTnl Calibrators are forcalibration for the PATHFAST system whenused for the quantitative determination ofcardiac Troponin I in human heparinized orEDTA whole blood and plasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An in vitro diagnostic test for themeasurement cardiac Troponin I inheparinized plasma.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PATHFAST cTnl-Il is an in vitro diagnostictest for the quantitative measurement ofcardiac Troponin I (cTnl) in heparinized orEDTA whole blood and plasma.Measurements of cardiac Troponin I areused as an aid in the diagnosis of acutemyocardial infarction. This method is foruse in clinical laboratory or point of care(POC) settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Stratus® CS Acute Care ™Troponin I method is an in vitrodiagnostic test for the measurementof cardiac Troponin I in heparinizedplasma. Cardiac Troponin Imeasurements can be used as anaid in the diagnosis of myocardialinfarction. Cardiac Troponin I canalso be used as an aid in the riskstratification of patients with acutecoronary syndromes with respect totheir relative risk of mortality.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma, Whole blood</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anticoagulant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin, EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heparin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent lot: Initially by master calibrationcode, then by user with enclosedcalibrators. Recalibration required everyfour weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent lot: Initially by mastercalibration code, then by user withrecommended calibrators.Recalibration recommended every60 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 -8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 8°C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich-type immmunofluorometricassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PATHFAST cTnI-ll</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stratus CS cTnl TestPak</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportablerange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.019 - 50 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 - 50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood across instruments/within lot%CV   from   0.5%   to   6.0%   withconcentrations from 0.096 to 38.5 ng/mLand across lots/within instrument %CV from1.9% to 9.1%b with concentrationsfrom0.096 to 41.3 ng/mLPlasma across instruments/within lot %CVfrom 4.3% to 8.0% with concentrations from0.146 to 30.4 ng/mL and across lots/withininstrument %CV from 1.6% to 10.8% withconcentrations from 0.157 to 29.7 ng/mLPlasma cutoff within-run %CV from 3.7% to6.2% and total %CV from 3.9% to 7.1% withconcentrations from 0.022 to 0.251 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within run %CV from 2.7% to 4.3%and total %CV from 3.4% to 5.1%with concentrations from 0.64 to 6.48ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of blank</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.004 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.03 ng/mL (analytical sensitivity)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interferingsubstances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference observed with Bilirubin-conjugated and free (60 mg/dL);Hemoglobin (1000 mg/dL); Triglyceride(1000 mg/dL); Rheumatoid factor (500IU/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference observed withBilirubin-icterus (60 mg/dl);Hemoglobin (1000 mg/dl);Triglyceride (3000 mg/dl)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross reactivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant cross reactivity with cTnT(0.08%); cTnC (0.08%); skTnl (0.09%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant cross reactivity withcTnT (1000 ng/mL); cTnC (1000ng/mL); skTnl (280 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Referenceinterval</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">490 heparinized plasma samples fromapparently healthy individuals.99th percentile = 0.029 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101 heparinized plasma samplesfrom apparently healthy individuals.99th percentile = 0.00 - 0.07 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparisonwith predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison with predicate device57 samples from 0.100 to 43.45 ng/mL.y = 0.947x - 0.005, r = 0.994</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(With Stratus CS STAT cardiacTroponin I Assay) 168 samples from0.00 to 34.38 ng/mL.y = 0.96x - 0.11, r = 0.99</td></tr></table>

# Diagnosis of AMI - Serial Samples

An additional study was performed on prospectively collected banked serial plasma samples (heparin anticoagulant) from 333 consecutively eligible consented patients presenting to the ER with suspicion of myocardial infarction (MI). The study yielded 72 MI patients and 261 non-Ml patients. The blood sample collection times were at 0-2 hours, at 2 to 6 hours, and at 6 to 12 hours of presentation to the ER. The clinical diagnosis of Ml was performed by an adjudication panel according to ESC/ACCF/AHA/WHF 2007 guidelines. The adjudication panel used existing clinical data including ECG and other clinical information to make the diagnosis, but not the final discharge diagnosis or the PATHFAST cTnl-Il Test results. Clinical sensitivity and clinical specificity were calculated by comparing the PATHFAST cTnl-ll Test results to clinical diagnosis assigned by the adjudication panel. The calculations were performed with both the ${ 9 9 } ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile cutoff (≥0.029 ng/mL) and the ROC cutoff (≥0.264 ng/mL) of the assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#/TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Cutoff0.029 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0 to 2 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73.6%(53/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(61.9% - 83.3%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.7%(242/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(88.9% - 95.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2 to 6 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1%(67/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(84.5% - 97.7%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.1% (243/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(89.3% - 95.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6 to 12 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.7% (66/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(82.7% - 96.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6% (239/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(87.5% - 94.6%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>#/TOTAL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% CI*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Cutoff0.264 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>0 to 2 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.6% (17/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(14.4% - 35.1%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2%(259/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(97.3% - 99.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>2 to 6 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5%(45/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(50.3% - 73.6%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.1% (256/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.6% - 99.4%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>6 to 12 h</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sens</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.6% (58/72)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(69.5% - 88.9%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spec</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7% (255/261)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(95.1% - 99.2%)</td></tr></table>

# Limitations of procedure

1. The instrument reporting system contains error codes to warn the operator of specific malfunctions. Any reports slip containing such error codes should be kept for follow-up. See the PATHFAST operator's manual.

2. When using the $9 9 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ percentile cutoff, the PATHFAST cTnl-ll Test should be interpreted with at least 2 serial samples. When using the ROC cutoff, the test should be interpreted with 3 serial samples. When samples are collected in the early hours, it is not advisable to use the higher cutoff.

3. Patient samples may contain heterophilic antibodies that could react in immunoassays to give a falsely high or low result. This assay has been designed to minimize interference from heterophilic antibodies. Nevertheless, complete elimination of this interference from all patient specimens cannot be guaranteed. A test result that is inconsistent with the clinical picture and patient history should be interpreted with caution.