This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1. Submitter's Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person and date the summary was prepared.

Submitter's Name: Address:

Qualigen, Inc. 2042 Corte Del Nogal Carlsbad, CA 92011 (760)-918-9165

Contact Person:

Michael Poirier Senior Vice President, CSO/CTO mpoirier@qualigeninc.com

Date the summary prepared:

February 18, 2011

Device Name

Trade/Proprictary Name: Common/Usual Name: Classification Name: Class:

FastPack® Testo Immunoassay   
Total Testosterone Immunoassay   
Total Testosterone Immunoassay, $\ S 2 1$ CFR 862.1690   
Class II

Trade/Proprietary Name: Common/Usual Name: Classification Name: Class:

FastPack® Testo Immunoassay   
Total Testosterone Immunoassay   
Total Testosterone Immunoassay, $\ S 2 1$ CFR 862.1690   
Class II

3. Predicate Device:

FastPack® Testo Immunoassay $5 \mathinner { | { 0 ( \mathrm { k } ) } }$ number: K021972

Device Description

The FastPack® Testo Immunoassay for the quantitative determination of testosterone in human serum, lithium heparin plasma and K2 EDTA plasma is designed for use on the FastPack® Analyzer.

# FastPack® Testo Immunoassay Reagents

The FastPack® Testo Immunoassay Reagents are contained in a disposable pack (FastPack). Each FastPack® contains the following four components:

1. Paramagnetic Particles, 150 μL Paramagnetic particles with covalently coupled testosterone in buffer containing $0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide as a preservative.

2. Testosterone Antibody Solution, 100 μL Antibody solution containing mouse monoclonal antibody labeled with alkaline phosphatase in a protein matrix containing $0 . 0 3 \%$ Proclin $\otimes$ 150 as a preservative.

3. Wash Buffer, 2.0 mL Tris buffer containing surfactants.

. Substrate, 140 μL

ImmuGlowTM: Indoxyl-3-phosphate and lucigenin in buffer containing preservatives.

The FastPack $\mathfrak { W }$ Testo Immunoassay is a competitive chemiluminescence assay.

Primary incubation: Antibody solution (a buffer solution containing a monoclonal C3-testosterone-specific antibody labeled with alkaline phosphatase EPY $\updownarrow [ 1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { L } ]$ reacts with testosterone from the patients sample, control, or calibrator EMPY $\{ 1 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { L } \}$ .

• Secondary incubation: The reaction mixture is added to paramagnetic particle with covalently coupled testosterone. During this incubation, the testosteronecoated beads compete with the sample testosterone.

Removal of unbound materials: The paramagnetic particles are washed with wash buffer [0.2 mL/wash] to remove unbound materials.

• Substrate addition and detection: Chemiluminogenic substrate [140 μL] is added to the solid-phase bound complex and results in "glow" chemiluminescence, which is measured using the FastPack® Analyzer at 37°C.

The amount of bound labeled-antibody is inversely proportional to the concentration of testosterone in the sample.

5Intended Use:

The FastPack Testo Immunoassay is a paramagnetic particle immunoassay or the i vitro quantitative determination of total testosterone in human serum and plasma. It is intended strictly for in-vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the diagnosis and management of conditions involving excess or deficiency of this androgen. The FastPack" Testo Immunoassay is designed for use with the FastPack® System.

6. Assessment of Performance:

An evaluation of the FastPack® Testo Immunoassay was conducted in-house. Thc studies demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of the device when used as intended.

7Comparison to Predicate Device.

Similarities / Differences between FastPack® Testo Serum & Plasma Assays   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTIC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualigen FastPack® TestoImmunoassay Serum or Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualigen FastPack® Testo SerumOnly K021972</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">for the in-vitro quantitativedetermination of total testosterone inhuman serum or lithium-heparin orK2 EDTA plasma. The FastPackTesto Immunoassay is designed foruse with the FastPack® System.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">for the in-vitro quantitativedetermination of total testosterone inhuman serum. The FastPack® TestoImmunoassay is designed for usewith the FastPack® System.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative determination of totaltestosterone.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative determination of totaltestosterone.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or plasma (heparin or K2EDTA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Preparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard processing for serum orplasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard processing for serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An active calibration is requiredevery 14 days and with each new lot;system includes calibration solutionsand instructions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">An active calibration is requiredevery 14 days and with each new lot;system includes calibration solutionsand instructions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FastPack® Testo Immunoassayis a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FastPack Testolmmunoassay isa paramagnetic particle,chemiluminesccnt immunoassay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testing Environment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Professional use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 ng/dL to 1600 ng/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23 ng/dL to 1600 ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total imprecision is 10.9% CV at712 ng/dL (high sample) and 0.07SD at 14 ng/dL (low sample)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total imprecision is 10.9% CV at 712ng/dL (high sample) and 0.07 SD at14 ng/dL (low sample)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear throughout dynamicrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay linear throughout dynamicrange</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference from Bilirubin up toconcentrations of 10mg/dL. Nointerference fromm Hemoglobin upto concentrations of 250mg/dL.Triglyceride demonstratedinterference for all concentrations ofinterferent tested at &lt; 100 ng/dL oftestosterone. Based on these studies,no visibly hemolyzed or cloudy(lipemic) samples should be usedwith this assay.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No interference from Bilirubin up toconcentrations of 10mg/dL. Nointerference fromm Hemoglobin upto concentrations of 250mg/dL.Triglyceride demonstratedinterference for all concentrations ofinterferent tested at &lt; 100 ng/dl. oftestosterone. Based on these studies,no visibly hemolyzed or cloudy(lipemic) samples should be usedwith this assay.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant cross-reactivity fromhigh levels of 5-α-DHT.Androsetenediol and 19-Norethisterone Acetate generated thehighest cross-reactivity in this studythough although the magnitude waslimited to &lt;4%.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No significant cross-reactivity fromhigh levels of 5-α-DHT.Androsetenediol and 19-Norethisterone Acetate generated thehighest cross-reactivity in this studythough although the magnitude waslimited to &lt;4%.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comparative Testing vsEstablished Methods(Deming Regressions)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumN = 135Range of observations:24.0 - 1587.2 ng/dLSlope: 1.054y-intercept: 6.5$ 2}0.914Lithium Heparin Plasma vs Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">SerumN = 135Range of observations:24.0 - 1587.2 ng/dLSlope: 1.054y-intercept: 6.5${ }=0.914Lithium Heparin Plasma vs SerumN=60Range of observations:24.0 - 1440.0 ng/dLSlope: 0.992y-intercept: -8.0$^ }00.987K2 EDTA Plasma vs SerumN = 67Range of observations:27.5 - 1425.0 ng/dLSlope: 0.998y-intercept: -10.9$^{2}=0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N = 60Range of observations:24.0 - 1440.0 ng/dLSlope: 0.992y-intercept: -8.0$^{ 0.987K2 EDTA Plasma vS SerumN =  7Range of observations:27.5 - 1425.0 ng/dLSlope: 0.998y-intercept: -10.9${ }=0.996</td></tr></table>

# 8. Conclusions

The results of the evaluation studies of the FastPack® Testo Immunoassay demonstrate that the device is equivalent in performance to thc prcdicate device and suitable or its intended use.

Qualigen, Inc. c/o Mr. Michael S. Poirier Senior Vice President 2042 Corte Del Nogal, Suite B Carlsbad, CA 92011-1438

Re: k101388 Trade/Device Name: Fastpack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Testo Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1680 Regulation Name: Testosterone test system Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: CDZ Dated: February 3, 2011 Received: February 4, 2011

Dear Mr. Poirier:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical . device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Offceof In Vitro Diagnostic DeviceEvaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Cousthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(K) Number (if known): K101388

# Device Name:

# Indications for Use:

The FastPack® Testo Immunoassay is a paramagnetic particle immunoassay for the invitro quantitative determination of total testosterone in human serum or plasma. The $\mathrm { F a s t P a c k } ^ { \otimes }$ Testo Immunoassay is designed for use with the FastPack® System. It is intended strictly for in-vitro diagnostic use as an aid in the diagnosis and management of conditions involving excess or deficiency of this androgen.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Page 1 of 1 of Intended Use

Division Sign-Off CanlBonaon Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k) K101 388