$$
K \vert \cup \vert \angle 1 2 7 
$$

510(k) Summary

A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Dessi Lyakov Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 118 E-mail: dlyakov@aaltoscientific.com

# C. Date of Summary Preparation

Desember 23, 2010

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

Audit™M MicroCVTM hs-CRP Linearity Set   
hs-CRP Linearity   
Assay QC Material   
Class I   
21 CFR 862.1660   
75   
JJX

# E. Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Audit™M MicroCVTM General Chemistry Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, CA K042318

# F. Description of the Device

The Audit™M MicroCV™M hs-CRP Linearity Set is a human based, liquid, five level set of QC material, with each level containing one analyte: High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP). It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of hs-CRP. Level A has concentration near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit level of instruments. Levels B  D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# G. Statement of Intended Use

The Audit™M MicroCVTM hs-CRP Linearity Set is assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs - CRP) analyte. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. It is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for purmongnde ystinalytil devtionsabay procedures for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP). This product may be used as quality control material for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling. The Audit™ MicroCVTM hs-CRP Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

# I. Summary of Performance Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the shelf life for the Audit™M MicroCVTM hsCRPLineriy t. upotg dat s ta on  tAalto Scie, L claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: Once a vial has been opened, High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) will be stable for 10 days when stored tightly capped at 2-8 C.

Shelf Life: Two years at $2 ^ { \cdot } { } - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.

# H. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM hS-CRPLinearity Set(K101427)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM General ChemistryLinearity Set(K042318)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Audit™M MicroCVTM hs-CRP LinearitySet is assayed quality control materialconsisting of five levels human based serum.Each level contains High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. The fivelevels demonstrate a linear relationship toeach other for High Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein (hs -CRP) analyte. It is intended tosimulate human patient serum samples forpurpose of monitoring and detectingsystematic analytical deviations of laboratorytesting procedures for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP). This productmay be used as quality control material forHigh Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. When used for quality controlpurposes, it is recomnended that eachlaboratory establish its own means andacceptable ranges and use the valuesprovided only as guides. The product isintended for use with quantitative assays onthe indicated analyzer provided in thelabeling,The AuditTM MicroCVTM hs-CRPLinearity Set is &quot;For In Vitro Diagnostic UseOnly&quot;.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™M MicroCVTM General ChemistryLinearity Set is assayed quality controlmaterial consisting of human based serum. Itis intended to simulate human patient serumsamples for the purpose of monitoring theprecision and to detect systematic analyticaldeviations of laboratory testing procedures.This product may also be used as unassayedquality control material for these sameanalytes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levelsper set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stabilizers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>None</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preservatives</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SorbitolSodium azide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°CUntil expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 days at 2-8 C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days at 2 to 8° C except for enzymes andbilirubin, which are 48 hours</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusions

Bas upon the purposef the device, the descriptions and labeling o the predicatedevice, the safety and efficacy, and the stability data generated, the product is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

AALTO Scientific LTD. c/o Ms. Dessi Lyakov Manager, Regulatory Affairs 1959 Kellogg Avenue Carlsbad, CA 92008

Re: k101427 Trade Name: AuditTM MicroCVTM HS-CRP Linearity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: JJX Dated: November 22, 2010 Received: November 23, 2010

Dear Ms. Lyakov:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Coukthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K101427

Device Name: Audit™M MicroCVTM hs -CRP Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

The Audit™M MicroCVTM hs-CRP Linearity Set is assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs - CRP) analyte. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for High Sensitivity CReactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. It is intended to simulate human patint seru samples for purpose of monitoring and detecting systematic analytical deviations of laboratory testing procedures for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP). This product may be used as quality control material for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling. The Audit™ MicroCVTM hs-CRP Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".