K101226

A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Dessi Lyakov Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 118 E-mail: dlyakov@aaltoscientific.com

# C. Date of Summary Preparation

April 30, 2010

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set   
Calibration Verification   
Multi analyte controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Class I   
21 CFR 862.1660   
75   
JJY

# E. Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is claimed

Product Trade Name:

LiniCAL Calibration Verifier RF/CRP CLINIQA, Fallbrook, CA 92028 K023661

Liquichek Lipids Control Bio-Rad Laboratories, Irvine, California K012513

Audit MicroCV General Chemistry Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, California K042318

# F. Description of the Device

The Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set is a 5 level quality control solution set containing C-reactive protein and Rheumatoid Factor as the messurand. It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of RF and CRP. Level A is near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit of instruments. Levels B - D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# G. Statement of Intended Use

The Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains Rheumatoid Factor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP) analytes. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Rheumatoid Factor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP) analytes. This product may also be used as unassayed quality control material for Rheumatoid Factor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP) analytes. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on manual, automatic, and semi-automatic analyzers. The Audit™M MicroCV™M RF/CRP Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

# I. Summary of Performance Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for the Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set. All supporting data is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: Once a vial has been reconstituted, all analytes will be stable for 5 days when stored tightly capped at $2 { \cdot } 8 \ \mathrm { C }$ .

Shelf Life: 19 months at $2 \cdot 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.

# H. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AuditTMMicroCVTMRF/CRPLinearity Set K101226)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-Rad LiquichekLipids Control(K012513)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Audit™M MicroCVTMGeneral ChemistryLinearity Set (K042318)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LiniCALCalibration VerifierRF/CRP (K023661)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The AuditTMMicroCVTM RF/CRPLinearity Set is anassayed quality controlmaterial consisting offive levels human basedserum. Each levelcontains RheumatoidFactor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP)analytes. The five levelsdemonstrate a linearrelationship to eachother for RheumatoidFactor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP)analytes. This productmay also be used asunassayed qualitycontrol material forRheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>Liquichek LipidsControl is intendedfor use as anassayed qualitycontrol serum tomonitor theprecision oflaboratory testingprocedures for thelisted analytes.</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=4>Audit® MicroCV™ GeneralChemistry Linearity Setconsists of five levels ofhuman based serum. Eachlevel contains the followinganalytes: Albumin, AlkalinePhosphatase, ALT,Amylase, AST, Bilirubin(Total and Direct), BUN,Calcium, Chloride,Cholesterol, CO2 CreatineKinase, Creatinine, Gamma-GT, Glucose, HDLCholesterol, Iron, Lactate,LDH, LDL Cholesterol,Lipase, Magnesium,Phosphorus, Potassium,Sodium, Total Protein,Triglycerides and Uric Acid.These five levelsdemonstrate a linearrelationship to each other fortheir respective analytes,reagents and instruments&#x27;.This product may also beused as unassayed qualitycontrol material for theseanalytes. When used forquality control purposes, itis recommended that eachlaboratory establish its ownmeans and acceptable rangesand use the values providedonly as guides. In addition,it may be used forproficiency testing ininterlaboratory surveys andto perform CLIA directedcalibration verification² forthese same analytes inaccordance with currentCLIA-88 guidelines andregulations</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>LiniCALCalibration VerifierRF/CRP is intendedfor use in theclinical laboratoryto objectively verifycalibration andassess linearityregarding RF andCRP. Five targetedassayed materialsare provided toallow monitoringthe manufacturer&#x27;sreportable range.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>(RF) and C-ReactiveProtein (CRP) analytes.When used for qualitycontrol purposes, it isrecommended that eachlaboratory establish itsown means andacceptable ranges anduse the values providedonly as guides. Theproduct is intended foruse with quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>their</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ir res</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>assays on manual,automatic, and semi-automatic analyzers.The AuditTMMicroCVTM RF/CRPLinearity Set is &quot;For InVitro Diagnostic UseOnly&quot;.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levelsper set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x lmL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 3mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x lmL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x l mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Scrum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Reactive ProteinRheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Reactive ProteinApolipoprotein A-1Apolipoprotein BCholesterolHDL CholesterolLDL CholesterolLipoprotcin (a)Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin, AlkalinePhosphatase. ALT.Amylase. AST, Bilirubin(Total and Direct), BUN,Calcium, Chloride,Cholesterol, CO.Creatine Kinase.Creatinine, Gamma-GT.Glucose, HDLCholesterol, Iron.Lactate. LDH, LDLCholesterol, Lipase.Magnesium, Phosphorus.Potassium, Sodium,Total Protein,Triglycerides and UricAcid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor (RF)C-Reactive Protein (CRP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° C for 19 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C to -70°C for 36months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° C for 48 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° C for 48 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open BottleStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr></table>

# J. SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES between the Audit™M MicroCVTMRF/CRP Linearity Set (K101226) and the Predicate Devices

Similarities between the Audit™M MicroCVTMRF/CRP Linearity Set (K101226) and al Predicate Devices:

All products are human serum based quality control materials intended to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the listed analytes. All products were made using the same method of spiking various constituents to human based matrix.   
All products content multiple levels.   
AuditTM MicroCVTMRF/CRP Linearity Set (K 101226) and LiniCAL Calibration Verifier RF/CRP (K023661) have the same analytes.

Diferences between the Auditr™M MicroCVTMRF/CRP Linearity Set (K101226) and all Predicate Devices:

AuditTM MicroCVTMRF/CRP Linearity Set (K101226), Bio-Rad Liquichek Lipids Control (K012513), and LiniCAL Calibration Verifier RF/CRP   
(K023661) are liquid products AuditTM MicroCVTM General Chemistry Linearity Set (K042318) is lyophilized product.   
AuditTM MicroCVTMRF/CRP Linearity Set (K101226), Bio-Rad Liquichek Lipids Control (K012513), and LiniCAL Calibration Verifier RF/CRP   
(K023661) have different analytes.

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. c/o Ms. Dessi Lyakov Manager, Regulatory Affairs 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008

Re: k101226 Trade/Device Name: AuditTM MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR§862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I (Reserved) Product Code: JJY Dated: August 18, 2010 Received: August 18, 2010

Dear Ms. Lyakov:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathfrak { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amenidments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820). This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, Iana I chan

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K101226

Device Name: Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

The Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains Rheumatoid Factor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP) analytes. The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Rheumatoid Factor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP) analytes. This product may also be used as unassayed quality control material for Rheumatoid Factor (RF) and C-Reactive Protein (CRP) analytes. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on manual, automatic, and semi-automatic analyzers. The Audit™M MicroCVTM RF/CRP Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510K. k101226