Nano-Ditech Corporation c/o Dr. Young Hoon Kim President/CEO 7 Clarke Drive, Suite 3 Cranbury, New Jersey 08512

OCT 2 0 2010

Re: k102131 Trade Name: In Vitro Nano-Check™M AMI cTnI Cardiac Marker Test Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system. Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: MMI Dated: September 16, 2010 Received: September 21, 2010

Dear Dr. Kim:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Courthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

Device Name:

# In Vitro Nano-Check ™ AMI cTnl Cardiac Marker Test

Indications For Use:

The In Vitro Nano-Check  AMI cTnl Test is a rapid immunoassay for. the qualitative determination of Cardiac Troponin I (cTnl) in human serum and plasma specimens at cutoff. concentrations of 0.5 ng/ml respectively, as an aid in the diagnosis of Acute Myocardial Infarction (AMl).

The In Vitro Nano-Check  AMl cTnl Test is a qualitative ssay, which cannot monitor the rise and fall of cTnl in single testing. Single testing is not recommended for AMl monitoring. Test results should be interpreted by the physician in conjunction with other test results and patient clinical findings.

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Dlagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety 510(k).K/02131