K102617

A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Dessi Lyakov Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 118 E-mail: dlyakov@aaltoscientific.com

# C. Date of Summary Preparation

December 23, 2010

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classification Name: Device Classification: Regulation Number: Panel: Product Code:

AuditT™M MicroCVTM Cardiac Markers Linearity Set   
Calibration Verification   
Multi analyte controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Class I   
21 CFR 862.1660   
75   
JJY

# E. Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is claimed

Product Trade Name:

Audit MicroCV General Chemistry Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, California K042318

# F. Description of the Device

The Audit™ MicroCV™ Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is a 5 level quality control solution set containing CKMB, Myoglobin, and TnI analytes as the messurand. It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of CKMB, Myoglobin, and TnI analytes. Level A is near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit of instruments. Levels B  D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# Statement of Intended Use

The Audit™ MicroCV™M Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains CKMB, Myoglobin, and Troponin I (TnI) analytes The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for CKMB, Myoglobin, and TnI analytes. When Audit™M MicroCVTM Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the analyzers indicated in the labeling. The Audit™ Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

# I. Summary of Performanice Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for the Audit™ MicroCV Cardiac Markers Linearity Set.All supporting data is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: Once a vial has been reconstituted, all analytes will be stable for 5 days when stored tightly capped at $2 { \cdot } 8 \mathrm { C }$

Shelf Life: 18 months at $2 - 8 ^ { \mathrm { o } } \mathrm { C }$ .

Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.

# H. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™ MicroCVTMCardiac Markers Linearity Set(New)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit™ MicroCVTMGeneral Chemistry Linearity Sct(K042318)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The AuditTM MicroCVTM CardiacMarkers Linearity Set is an assayedquality control material consisting offive levels human based serum. Eachlevel contains CKMB, Myoglobin, andTroponin I (TnI) analytes. The fivelevels demonstrate a linear relationshipto each other for CKMB, Myoglobin,and Tnl analytes. When Audit™MMicroCVTM Cardiac Markers LinearitySet is used for quality control purposes,it is recommended that each laboratoryestablish its own means and acceptableranges and use the values provided onlyas guides. The product is intended foruse with quantilative assays on theanalyzers indicated in the labeling. TheAudit™M Cardiac Markers Linearity Setis &quot;For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only&quot;.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit® MicroCV™ General Chemistry Lincarity Setconsists of five levels of human based serum. Eachlevel contains the following analytes: Albumin,Alkaline Phosphatase, ALT, Amylase, AST, Bilirubin(Total and Direct), BUN, Calcium, Chloride,Cholesterol, CO2, Creatine Kinase, Creatinine,Gamma-GT, Glucose, HDL Cholesterol, Iron, Lactate,LDH, LDL Cholesterol, Lipase, Magnesium,Phosphorus, Potassium, Sodium, Total Protein,Triglycerides and Uric Acid. These five levelsdemonstrate a linear relationship to each other for theirrespective analytes, reagents and instruments&#x27;.This product may also be used as unassayed qualitycontrol material for these analytes. When used forquality control purposes, it is recommended that eachlaboratory establish its own means and acceptableranges and use the values provided only as guides. Inaddition, it may be used for proficiency testing ininterlaboratory surveys and to perform CLIA directedcalibration verification² for these same analyles inaccordance with current CLlA-88 guidelines andregulations3.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of levels per set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x lmL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 5mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CKMB,Myoglobin,and Troponin I (Tnl)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin, Alkaline Phosphatase, ALT, Amylase, AST,Bilirubin (Total and Direct), BUN, Calcium, Chloride,Cholesterol, CO, Creatine Kinase, Creatinine, Gamma-GT,Glucose, HDL Cholesterol, Iron, Lactate, LDH, LDLCholesterol, Lipase, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Potassium,Sodium, Total Protein, Triglycerides and Uric Acid.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° C for 18 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8° C for 48 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Bottle Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 days at 2 to 8&quot; C</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusions

Basedupon the purpose of the device, the descriptions and labeling of the predicate device, the safety and efficacy, and the stability data generated, the product is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Aalto Scientific Lid. c/o Dessi Lyakov 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 USA

Re: k102617 Trade Name: AuditrM MicroCVTM Cardiac Markers Linearity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Codes: JJY Dated: November 22, 2010 Received: November 23, 2010

JAN 1 0 2911

Dear Ms. Lyakov:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices markeled in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976,Ythe enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, markel the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federalagencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Couthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# JAN 1 0 2011 K102617

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: New

Device Name: Audit™M MicroCV Cardiac Markers Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

The Audit™M MicroCVT Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels human based serum. Each level contains CKMB, Myoglobin, and Troponin I (Tnl) analytes The five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for CKMB, Myoglobin, and TnI analytes. When Audit™M MicroCVTM Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the analyzers indicated in the labeling. The Audit™ Cardiac Markers Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices   
Evaluation and Safety