# 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road, P.O. Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416   
317-521-3501   
Contact Person: Sarah Baumann   
Phone: 317-521-3952   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: sarah.baumann@roche.com Secondary Contact: Stephanie Greeman Phone: 317-521-2458   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: stephanie.greeman@roche.com

Date Prepared: August 6, 2010

# Device name

Proprietary name: Elecsys® Ferritin CalCheck 5   
Common name: Ferritin CalCheck 5   
Classification name: Single (specified) analyte controls (assayed and   
unassayed)

# Predicate device

The Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck (K981281).

# Device description

The Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 is a liquid product consisting of ferritin from human liver in a human serum matrix. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended use

The Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys Ferritin reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

Device comparison— similarities

Table 1 below presents the similarities between Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 and the predicate device, Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck (K981281).

Table 1. Device Comparison—Similarities between Candidate and Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5(Candidate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck(K981281)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin (human liver)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mix gently by inversion to ensurehomogeneity.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Table 2 below presents the differences between Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 and the predicate device, Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck (K981281).

Device comparison— differences   
Table 2. Device Comparison-—Differences between Candidate and Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5(Candidate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck(K981281)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys Ferritin Calcheck 5is an assayed control for use incalibration verification and foruse in the verification of theassay range established by theElecsys Ferritin reagent on theindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification of thecalibration established by theElecsys Ferritin reagent onElecsys 1010 or 2010immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C until expirationdateOpened:20-25°C: 4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C until expirationdateOpened:20-25°C: 5 hours</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary, Continued

# Performance characteristics

The Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

# Conclusion

The data demonstrate that the performance of the Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device, Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck (K981281).

Roche Diagnostics c/o Sarah Baumann 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k102267 Trade Name: Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Codes: JJX Dated: August 6, 2010 Received: August 9, 2010

Dear Ms. Baumann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classificd (scc abovc) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

aC.

Courthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

SEP 1 0 2010

510(k) Number (if known): K102267

Device Name: Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5

Indications for Use: The Elecsys Ferritin CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys Ferritin reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of DRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510(k).