# Applicant

Focus Diagnostics, Inc. 11331 Valley View Street Cypress, California 90630 USA

# Establishment Registration No. Contact Person

2023365

Tara Viviani   
tel 714.822.2115   
fax 714.822.3898   
tviviani@focusdx.com   
October 13, 2010   
3M Integrated Cycler   
Thermocycler   
Class II   
Cepheid SmartCycler Dx system

Summary Date Proprietary Name Generic Name Classification Predicate Devices

# Intended Use

The Integrated Cycler and accompanying Studio Software are intended for in vitro diagnostic use in conjunction with legally marketed Simplexa™ reagent kits and assay protocols labeled for in vitro diagnostic use.

The Integrated Cycler is a rapid real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) thermocycler used for identification of nucleic acid from prepared biological samples. The instrument utilizes disc media to contain and to process samples. The instrument uses real-time flourometric detection to identify trgets within the sample wells. The instrument's operation parameters are controlled by the use of an external personal computer and associated software. This instrument is intended to be used by laboratory professionals trained in laboratory techniques and in a laboratory environment.

# Device Description

The 3M Integrated Cycler is a rapid real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction thermocycler used for the identification of nucleic acid from prepared biological samples. The instrument utilizes disk media to contain and to process samples.The instrument uses real time flourometric detection to identiy tarets within the sample wels.The instrument is controled by an external computer running the Integrated Cycler Studio Software.

Predicate Device Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name / Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)submitter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k)number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DecisionDate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode(s)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SmartCycler Dx system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cepheid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K062948</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12/08/2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(83)Microbiology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NJR (assay)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ItemName</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceIntegrated Cycler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicateCepheid SmartCycler Dx system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Integrated Cycler and accompanyingStudio Software are intended for in vitro</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Cepheid SmartCycler Dx Systemutilizes real-time polymerase chain reaction</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">diagnostic use in conjunction with legallymarketed Simplexa™ reagent kits andassay protocols labeled forinvitrodiagnostic use.The Integrated Cycler is a rapid real-timePolymerase Chain Reaction (PCR)thermocycler used for identification ofnucleic acid from prepared biologicalsamples. The instrument utilizes discmedia to contain and to process samples.The instrument uses real-time flourometricdetection to identify targets within thesample wells. The instrument's operationparameters are controlled by the use of anexternal personal computer and associatedsoftware. This instrument is intended to beused by laboratory professionals trained inlaboratory techniques and in a laboratoryenvironment.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(PCR) for a unique gene-specific sequenceamplification nucleic acids recovered fromclinical samples and fluorogenic targetspecific hybridization for the detection ofthe amplified DNA.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AssayMethodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system for detecting thepresence / absence of DNA or RNA inclinical specimens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCR-based system for detecting thepresence / absence of DNA or RNA inclinical specimens</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay using different reporterdyes for each target.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiplex assay using different reporterdyes for each target.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionChannels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 channelsExcitation (nm) 475, 520 nm, 580 nm, 640nmEmission (nm) 520, 560nm, 610, 682 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 channelsExcitation (nm) 450495, 500550, 565590,630650Emission (nm) 510527, 565590, 606650,670-750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleCapacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 96 specimens and controls in asingle run using the Universal Disc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 16 specimens and controls permodular unit. Up to 6 modules may beinstalled for a total of 96 specimens andcontrols</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96 well Universal Disc with Universal DiscSealer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual Smart Tube and Smart Cap system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProtocolAccess</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assays using the same protocolparameters may be assayed on a singleUniversal Disc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 96 individual assay protocols may berandomly accessed.</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

# Reproducibility:

Reproducibility was assessed during the clearance of the assay (k100148) and will be addressed for each assay to be run on this system.

# Limit of Detection

Limit of Detection was assessed during the clearance of the assay (k100148) and will be addressed for each assay to be run on this system.

# Analytical Reactivity

Analytical Reactivity was assessed during the clearance of the assay (k100148) and will be addressed for each assay to be run on this system.

# Cross-Reactivity

Cross-Reactivity was assessed during the clearance of the assay (k100148) and will be addressed for each assay to be run on this system.

# Clinical Agreement

Clinical Agreement was assessed during the clearance of the assay (k100148) and will be addressed for each assay to be run on this system.

# Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# Conclusion:

The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

Focus Diagnostics Inc.   
$c / 0$ Tara Viviani   
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager 11331 Valley View St.   
Cypress, CA 90630

Re: k102314 Trade/Device Name: 3M Integrated Cycler Regulation Number: 21CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 5 7 0$ E Regulation Name: Instrumentation for clinical multiplex test systems Regulatory Class: Class ⅡI Product Code: 001 Dated: August 13, 2010 Received: August 16, 2010

Dear Ms. Viviani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of. devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into class II (Special Controls), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and, if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050. This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k) premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number. (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, the Scf for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): _K102314

Device Name: 3M Integrated Cycler

Indications for Use:

The Integrated Cycler and accompanying Studio Software are intended for in vitro diagnostic use in conjunction with legally marketed Simplexa™M reagent kits and assay protocols labeled for in vitro diagnostic use.

The Integrated Cycler is a rapid real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) thermocycler used for identification of nucleic acid from prepared biological samples. The instrument utilizes disc media to contain and to process samples. The instrument uses real-timie flourometric detection to identify targets within the sample wels. The instrument's operation parameters are controlled by the use of an external personal computer and associated software. This instrument is intended to be used by laboratory professionals trained in laboratory techniques and in a laboratory environment.

Prescription Use _X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of InVitro Diagnostics (OIVD)

le Sef ivision Sign-Off

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510(k) k102314