# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92."

The assigned 510(k) number is: k103271."

Submitter: Maine Standards Company   
Address: 765 Roosevelt Trail Windham, ME 04062   
Telephone: 207-892-1300   
Fax: 207-892-2266   
Contact: Holly A. Cressman, Mgr. QA/RA

Summary prepared on: October 29, 2010

Device classification name: Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Device description: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)   
Proprietary Name: MSC Lipid Control   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660   
Product Code: JJY   
Regulatory Class: Class I

Predicate Device: Bio-Rad Liquichek™M Lipids Control Level 1 and 2 (K012513). MSC Lipid Control (without Apo Al and Apo B) (K082067)

# Device description:

The MSC Lipid Control is a human serum based liquid quality control containing stabilized HDL-C, LDL-C, CHOL, TRIG, Apo AI, and Apo B of human origin.

Material of human origin used in the manufacture of this MSC Lipid Control kit was tested at the donor level using FDA approved methods.

# Intended use:

The MSC Lipid Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the ongoing precision of clinical laboratory systems for the following analytes: High-density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C), Low-density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (LDL-C), Total Cholesterol (CHOL), Triglycerides (TRIG), Apolipoprotein AI (Apo AI), and Apolipoprotein B (Apo B), on the instruments listed in the value sheet.

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the performance of MSC Lipid Control is substantially equivalent in form and function to the predicate devices for its stated intended use.

Maine Standards Company   
c/o Holly Cressman, Manager, QA/RA   
765 Roosevelt Trail   
Windham, ME 04062

Re: k103271/S001 Trade Name: MSC Lipid Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: JJY Dated: December 21, 2010 Received: December 29, 2010

Dear Ms. Cressman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Courthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k103271

Device Name: MSC Lipid Control

Indications for Use:

AND/OR

Prescription Use X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k) k103271