# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is _k103116

# Submitter's Identification

Bestgen Biotech Corporation 7F., No.186, Jian-Yi Rd., 235, Jung-He City, Taipei, Taiwan

Correspondence:   
Steven Shen   
Q.A./ Regulatory Manager   
Tel: +886-2-8227-2188 Ext 211   
Fax: +886-2-8227-2178   
E-mail: stevenshen@mail.bestgen.com.tw

# Device Name

Proprietary name: AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Regulatory information:

A. Regulation section: 21 CFR Section 862.1345 Glucose Test System 21 CFR Section 862.1660, Quality Control Material   
B Classification: Class Il for 862.1345 Class I for 862.1660   
C. Product Code: CGA, Glucose Oxidase, Glucose NBW, System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over The Counter JJX, Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed)   
D. Panel: Chemistry (75)

# Intended Use

3.1 AP-2000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The AP-00 BlooGlucoseMonitoringystentended or snhe uantiativmearement guo cpiy who blooe e Blo Gl Mg yste single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes . neonates.

T Meten uunaiveamenupillay w l om hen -0 Boo Gu  s us eus with he -00Me  s )      u  e h tomonitor teeffectiveness of dabets control. It is otintended reiagnosis oor reen diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

TheA- BloodGlucoe Tt trips entene rusnhequantitativmeasrementgu fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. AP-2000 Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the AP-2000 BGe. a hould not e har  n ontor theeffetivness f dibe ontol. I isot itendee diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level I Contrl Solutin areor se wit -2000 eteran AP-200 Blood Gluce Test Sips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# 3.2 AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement o ucn eh capillay whol blood ro he ng.The A-0multBloo Guco Monrn Systs is intended or testng outside the body in vito dagnostic use). It is intended or multi-patient us na pnal ea tor eienbecnte s u with sgleusuto-isablng ancg devis. It s ot nten r hediagnos  re diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The A-multi Meteris ntende oruse  thequanitativemeasurement gucosenreh cpillay whole blood from the finger. AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the AP-2000multi Meter. It is intended for multi-patient use in a professinal healthcare setting, as an aid to moniorthe bee ysswi gubl notintendd or ednosis o or screenngor dbes mellitus, an is otintendedorusen ea.

The A-0multi Blood Glucose Test Strips ae ntended or senhe quanitative easurement  gucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the BoGMpa nore fibnoTest wit to l  bl for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level I Control Solution is for use with AP-2000multi meter and AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# 3.3 AP-2010 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The A-10 Bloo Gluco Monitoringstentende rn the uantiativmeasurement  gu h capilly whoblood from e ngTeA010 Bloo Gluc Monii Systes inten single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes co e neonates.

The-1 Meter s ntended orus n hequantiaivmeasrement  gluco hcapillary wo ohegr.-01Bo Gt Sris us u with he -010 Mee.  s o ) ) y p   e to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The AP-010 Blood Gucose Test Strips are ntendedorse  the quantitative measurement  gluo fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. AP-2010 Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the AP-2010 Bl G M. I o ] a oul ot ear  n oreives  be no  ot e diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level IContro Soluin re or use with AP-2010 meteran AP-2010Blood Glucoe Test Strip as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

3.4 AP-201Omulti Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended or use in the quantitativemeasurement o u  capiay who bloooe Te-1muBloo GucoMony is id or stutsiee boy nostic. t stend rui-patient u psial e tirevenebeonte yst u wi sigle utoisablng lancigevis. It sotinte r hedaos f e diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The01mult Metesnten orhequantativmeaurement  glucos ne cap whole blood from the finger. AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the AP-2010multi Meter. It is ntended for multi-patient use in a professional healthcare setting, as an aid to moniorthe bnosigtblnvi notintendd ore dgos enngr dbet eitus  is ot intendeoruen eo

T-1multi Bloo GucosT ris tendeosn e quanttativeauement inesh capillay whole blood from the inger. AP-201multi Blood Glucose Test Srips must be used the uBMeupat all nor fevinTest wi gut .    l o for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level I Control Solution is for use with AP-2010multi meter and AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# 3.5 AP-2020 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The AP-020 BlooGlucoe MonitoringSystentende r sen he quantiativmeasurement guos h capillay who bloo froe gTe-02 Bloo Glu Moni ysteste o single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes co   ll neonates.

The -020 Met ntened orne quantitativeasrement luco capillary w l om he ngr. AP-020 Bloo Guco s Strip ust eused with he P-020 Meter  s o ) ) y   w t a to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is not intended or the diagnosis of or screeng or diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The A-020 Bloo Gluco Test rips entended orshe quantitativmeasurementguo frsh capillary whole blood from the inger. AP-2020 Blood Glucose Test trips must be used the AP-2020 BG e anshould not ehar s n  mnior heefetivnes ibe control. I is ottdee diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level I Cont Slutin are or use with AP-2020 meteran AP-2020 Boo Gucoe Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# 3.6 AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systemis intended or use in the quantitativemeasurement o uos e capillay whol blood rome eThe-2mut Blood Gucoe Moni yste is iedor testig utside the bdy n viodignosticus). It sintened ormulti-patient u eial e tir evenebe ontoe ys u wi ngleutoisblng lancievis. It  ot ten or hediaos ce diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The A-2muli Meer s ntendedor s in the quantitative measurement ogucose infreh cpillay whole blood from the finger. AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the AP-2020multi Meter. It is intended for multi-patient use n a proessional healthcare setting, as an id tomoniore bontystwigublnvi intn r eoi  engordbe eus  s oten   .

T A-multi Blood GucosTt ips ende quanativeasurement u in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the BoGMpat allt norvnbnoest wi g lvi. I  eeot for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level  Control Solution  or use with AP-2020multi meter and AP-2020multi Blood Gucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# Device Description

The AP-2000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of three main products: the meter, test strip, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system accurate blood glucose test results. Use only AP-2000 test strips and MAJOR control solution with the AP-2000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

The AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of three main products: the meter, test strip, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system accurate blood glucose test results. Use only AP-2010multi test strips and MAJOR control solution with the AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

The AP-2010 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of three main products: the meter, test strip, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system accurate blood glucose test results. Use only AP-2010 test strips and MAJOR control solution with the AP-2010 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

The AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of three main products: the meter, test strip, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system accurate blood glucose test results. Use only AP-2010multi test strips and MAJOR control solution with the AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

The AP-2020 Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of three main products: the meter, test strip, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system accurate blood glucose test results. Use only AP-2020 test strips and MAJOR control solution with the AP-2020 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

The AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of three main products: the meter, test strip, and control solutions. These products have been designed, tested, and proven to work together as a system accurate blood glucose test results. Use only AP-2020multi test strips and MAJOR control solution with the AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

5. Substantial Equivalence Information

A. Predicate device name:   
AP-1000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
B. Predicate K number: k090389   
C.Comparison with predicate:   
The modified AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blood   
Glucose Monitoring System have the following similarities to the predicate device:

same operating principle, same fundamental scientific technology, incorporate the same basic circuit design, incorporate the same materials,

same shelf life packaged using the same materials, and manufactured by same process

The modifications encompass:

engineering change in the mechanical appearance of the device and name change different power source-batteries and software change the printed circuit board (PCB) was changed $\mathbf { \delta m }$ the software was modified A the addition of a speaking function

# Test Principle

The detection and measurement of glucose in blood is by an electrochemical biosensor technology using glucose oxidase.

# Performance Characteristics

AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System has the same performance characteristics as the predicate device.

A comparison of system accuracy performance demonstrated that AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the currently marketed AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System are substantially equivalent.

Software verification and validation testing confirmed that the performance, safety and effectiveness of the AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blo0d Glucose Monitoring System are equivalent to the predicate device.

# 8. Conclusion

Based on the information provided in this submision, the AP-2000, AP-2000multi, AP-2010, AP-2010multi, AP-2020, and AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate AP-1000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

Bestgen Biotech Corp. c/o Steven Shen Q.A./Regulatory Affairs Manager 7f, No 186, Jian-Yi Road, Jung-He, Taipei County China (TAIWAN) 235

Re: k103116   
Trade Name: AP-2000/AP-2000multi, AP-2010/AP-2010multi, and AP-2020/AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345   
Regulation Name:Glucose test system.   
Regulatory Class: II   
Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX   
Dated: February 23, 2012   
Received: March 2, 2012

Dear Mr. Shen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please. contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k103116

Device Name: _AP-2000 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

TheA-00 Blood Glucoe Monitoring Syste ntendeorus he quantitativeeasurement  guoe capilary whol blood oehe -00 BlooGuc Mong ysts ten single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of dibetes co eli so neonates.

T-0 Met teneorequantitativeaument  gucoecpillary w om0 BlooGuT rus wihe o)         o  a n mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The AP-0 Blood Glucose Test Strips are intendedor se i the quantitative easurement f gucos piay ho ooe -00 Blood GucT t us  he -0B G e  a  v should not e hare as n d toonitor theefctiveness of dibetes contro. It isnotintended r e diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level 1/Level I Control Soution are or use with AP-2000 meter and AP-2000 Blood Glucose Test Strip as a auality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Quthe chaber

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: _k103116

Device Name: _AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System_

Indications for Use:

The AP-200multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use in the quantitative measurement ot ueeh cpillay wholbloodrome ger.he-t Bloo GucMonng st is intened or testig outside the body nvito diagnosticuse). It isintended rmulti-patient u proesional healthcare etting  id nior eefectivenessdiabetes control.The yste u withsigle-s utoisablig ancg evis. It sotintener hedigossree diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The A-multi Meteris ntendeor usenthequanttativemeasurement  lucose nfreh capilay whole blood from the finger. AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the AP-2000multi Meter. It is ntended ormultipatient use n a professioal healthcare setting, as nid omonitore vbcnotwigleutoablanceviI n intended r he diagnosi r reening ordiabete melitus, ans otintended or use eoa.

T A-ult Bloo Glucost Stripstendeorse uanativeaemen gl fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the Au BlooGucosMeter. Itenupatint presinalhealhca et ai ir hefevbe contoe ysty se wi siles uto . use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level Il Control Solution is for use with AP-2000multi meter and AP-2000multi Blood Glucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k103116

Device Name: AP-2010 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The-10 Boo Glucoe Monitoring Systeintendeorus  he quantitativeasurement gucoe i capllay whole blood from henger. he -010 Blood Glucose Monitrng Systes is tenfr single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of dabetes neonates.

T-01 Metnteneorheuantiativeaureent  lucoeapillar w l romhenger. A-01 Bloo GucoseTst Strips ust  s with he -010 Meter. It s o mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The -010 Bloo GlucosTest trips ntendeors  he quanitativemeasurement  luc pillay ho bloo ome ge-010 Blood GucoT Sp us  sehe -01B G e. shoud not be hare as n idtomonitor theeffectiveness  diabete control. It i not intender e diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level I Contro Solution are r use withAP-2010 meter ndAP-2010 Blood Gucose Test Srips as a qualiy control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510(k) k103116

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k103116

Device Name: _ AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended oruse n the quantitative measurement e capilla whoblooom nee-1mu Bloo GucoMon st i intned or testig outside the body nvio diagnosticuse. It s ntended ormulti-patient us proessial healhcae etting s  nioreectivenessdiabe controlTeyste w ubnv s diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The A-210multi Meter isintende or usen the quantitative measurement  glucose i resh cpillay whole blood from the finger. AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the AP-2010multi Meter. It is intended for multi-patient use in a professional healthcare settng, as an aid to monitorthe ivnoTt wigleuiblanevi not intnded r he igos  een rdiabee melitus, an otntended oru .

Tu Bluo eaativen fresh capillary whole blood from the finger. AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the muBlooGucoMe. teulpatin roessnalealh orivb onto st  wi glut use on neonates.

MAJOR Level I/Level Il Contro Solution is for use with AP-2010multi meter and AP-2010multi Blood Glucose Test Strips as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

Pageof

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k103116

Device Name: _AP-2020 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

TheAP-02 Bloo GlucoseMonioringyste ntendeorushe quantitativeasremen lue ieh capillary whole blood from thefinger. The AP-2020 Blood Glucose onitoring Systems is intende single patient with diabetes and should not be shared, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes .el neonates.

Th-o Meteneoheuantiativeaurement glucose capillay w lome eA-0 Bloo GucoT rus  wit he-Metr. o)    p w   o  a orvnoe mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The AP-020 Blood Glucoe Test trips are intendedor se in he quantitative easurement  gucos pi whoblome e-0 Bloo Guc isustseA-02B G et. a   v ) ]   pat w should ot be hare s ani tomonior the effectiveness diabe control. It sot intended e diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

MAR Level 1/Level  Control Solution are oruse with -020 meteranP-2020Blood Gucose Tet ri as a qualiy control check to verify theaccuracyofblood glucose test reults.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k103116

Device Name: AP-202Omulti Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended foruse in the quantitative measurement of uecpillay who looomr.-u Boo Mon s i intened or testing outside the body nvito diagnosticuse. It is ntended rmultipatient us esinal healtc t nioretivees diabeconoleyst u with igles utoiablg ncevics. t sot nteneorhediagnos een diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use on neonates.

The A-2multi Metersintendeorusnthe quantitativmeasurement  glucose reh capillay whole blood from the finger. AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used with the AP-2020multi Meter. It is intended for multi-patient use ina professional healthcare setting, as an aid tomonior he enosw gleubnvi notintended or he ignosr reening r iabetesmellits, n otntendeorusen ea.

T A-muBloo Gcoi enre uanativemen fresh capilary whole blood from the finger. AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Test Strips must be used the uBloGMe.tupatint roalealet norvnbenest  wi gt use on neonates.

MAJOR Level 1/Level I Control Solution is or use with AP-2020multi meterand AP-2020multi Blood Glucose Test Strios as a quality control check to verify the accuracy of blood glucose test results.

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety