<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th StreetMinneapolis, MN 55439</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyler FoutchRegulatory Affairs Project ManagerARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 W. 76th StreetMinneapolis, MN 55439Phone: 952-646-3171Fax: 952-646-3110foutcht@ARKRAYusa.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">March 8, 2010</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARKRAY ARK Care Diabetes Management System™M</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345; Class IICalculator/data processing module for clinical use, 21 CFR 862.2100;Class I</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA, NBW, JQP.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MCT Diabetes™M (K073699).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARK Care system serves as an interface between the software inpersonal glucose monitoring devices and a general purpose healthmanagement database to assist in the review, analysis and evaluationof blood glucose test results. The secure system is compliant withHIPAA and HITECH standards.ARK Care is designed for home use and professional healthcaresettings. It is an accessory device to most manufactured model home-use blood glucose monitors, including glucose monitoring devices byARKRAY, Roche, Bayer, LifeScan, and Abbott. The list of supporteddevices is located at www.arkcare.net.The purpose of the electronic diabetes management system is to helpusers and healthcare teams manage blood glucose information tobetter regulate diabetes treatments and control blood glucose forbetter health outcomes. The ARK Care system holds a conveniencefunction, as the user can upload blood glucose data from a variety ofcurrently marketed blood glucose monitors into one location forviewing. After the user transmits and stores blood glucose data to thesecure database, the ARK Care system allows family members and/orhealthcare professionals to view and monitor the user's data andreports. Family and healthcare team members must receivepermission from the primary user and create a password protectedlogin before viewing data. ARK Care provides a safe communicationportal for the user, family, and healthcare team to send email-likemessages to the protected profiles and comment on specific data</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">entries, improving patient care and disease management.The user and approved healthcare team members can view the bloodglucose data in different formats such as logbooks, charts, and graphs.The data can be viewed through selected time intervals and theseintervals can be compared over time to track disease management.The subject can also enter and track other health-related informationsuch as body weight, blood pressure, lab values, and exerciseactivities. Groups of profiles can be queried for bulk reporting on datarelated to tracking and trending of outcomes, supporting diabetesdisease management in individuals and in managed careorganizations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARKRAY ARK Care Diabetes Management System TM is intended foruse in home and clinical settings via the internet to assist people withdiabetes and their healthcare professionals in uploading, storing,analyzing, and communicating about historical blood glucose testresults and other biological statistics to support diabetes management.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A full array of in-house testing was done consistent with relevant FDAguidance's for blood glucose monitoring systems. Testing includedvalidation of the systems hardware (USB data transfer cable) andsoftware as well as consumer studies that demonstrated the systemsability to be easily operated by in-home users.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling, validation testing results and consumer studies resultssupport the Indications for Use and the claim of substantialequivalence to the predicate (K073699).</td></tr></table>

Arkray Factory Usa, Inc.   
c/o Tyler Foutch   
Project Manager Regulatory Affairs 5182 West 76th St.,   
Minneapolis, MN 55439

Re: k110709 Trade/Device Name: ARK CareTM Diabetes Management System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system. Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JQP Dated: March 11, 2011 Received: March 14,2011

Dear: Mr. Foutch:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

:

Couktney Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k110709

Device Name: ARK CARETM DIABETES MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Indication For Use:

The ARKRAY Diabetes Management Software is an optional accessory for use with compatible blood glucose meters, such as ARKRAY Glucocard Vital Blood Glucose Meter with data management capabilities. The ARKRAY Diabetes Management Software transfers data from the meter's memory into a secured sever for enhanced data management. ARKRAY ARK CareTM Diabetes Management System is intended for use in home and clinical settings via the internet to assist people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in uploading, storing, analyzing, and communicating about historical blood glucose test results and other biological statistics to support diabetes management.

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety