510 (K) Summaries

A/C Enzymatic Vitamin B6 Assay

Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Information Supporting a Substantially Equivalent Determination

1. Submitter's Name:

Submitter: A/C DIAGNOSTICS LLC 7917 Ostrow Street San Diego, CA 92111 Phone: (858) 654-2555 Fax: (858) 268-4175 Email: all@anticancer.com

Contact Person: Qinghong Han M.D. Principal Investigator of the Device

Date of Summary Preparation: March 15, 2011

Device Information

Device Name: A/C Enzymatic Vitamin $\mathrm { B } _ { 6 }$ Assay

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Device Classification: II

4. Regulatory Information:

Product Code: JIT, Regulation Section: 21 CFR 862.1150- Calibrator JJX, Regulation Section: 21 CFR 862.1660- Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassay)

3. Predicate Device Information (1) Predicate device name:

BUHLMAA Vitamin ${ \mathrm { B } } _ { 6 }$ REA   
American Laboratory Products CO., LTD   
PO BOX 451 •   
Windham, NH 03087   
Tel: (603) 893-8914

Predicate 510(k) numberK955561

4Information of Manufacturer Manufacturer: Bioserv Corporation 5340 Eastgate Mall San Diego, CA 92121 Tel: (858) 450-3123 Fax: (858) 450-0785 FDA establishment registration number: US FDA 2027352 Contact Person: Mary Richardson Quality Assurance Manager

5. Statement of Intended Use

The A/C Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \bf B } _ { 6 }$ Assay is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of pyridoxal $5 '$ -phosphate (PLP, vitamin ${ \bf B } _ { 6 }$ )in EDTAhuman plasma. The device will be used to monitor PLP concentrations in plasma for aid in diagnosis of vitamin B6 deficiency. The A/C Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ Assay is for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY.

Description of Device

The A/C Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ Assay is calibrated with external standardization and matrix-matched calibration solutions. Two sources of quality control material (A low and high level of PLP) are assayed in each run together with A/C Calibrators and samples for the verification of the accuracy and precision of the A/C Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ Assay.

The A/C Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \mathrm { B } } _ { 6 }$ Assay uses the apo form of recombinant PLPdependent enzyme, homocysteine- $\cdot \mathbf { a } , \gamma$ -lyase (rHCYase). The restoration of enzymatic activity by reconstitution of the holo-enzyme is linearly dependent on the amount of PLP bound to apo-enzyme. Nanomolar concentrations of PLP can then be measured by the conversion of millimolar concentrations of homocysteine to hydrogen sulfide, which is determined using DBPDA, the combination of which forms a chromophore, the absorbance is read with 96-well plate absorbance reader.

The $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { C }$ Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \mathrm { B } } _ { 6 }$ Assay is a three-step reaction with four reagents, which runs at $3 7 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ or room temperature. The total assay takes 90 minutes. The assay can be performance on 96-well absorbance reader with $6 6 0 { - } 6 9 0 _ { \mathrm { n m } } \mathrm { \dot { \Omega } }$ filter.

# 7. Method comparison

To establish equivalence to an existing device, and thus establish the safety and effectiveness, the A/C Enzymatic Vitamin $\mathrm { B } _ { 6 }$ Assay was compared to ALPCO Vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ REA method (K# 955561).

The comparison of the A/C Enzymatic Vitamin $\mathrm { B } _ { 6 }$ Assay to the ALPCO Vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ REA assay was carried for fifty four EDTA-plasma samples. Each sample was analyzed in duplicate with both methods. The correlation and regression analysis yielded $\mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 6 9 \mathbf { x } + 7 . 6$ with a correlation coefficient of $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 0 9$ .The bias analysis of both methods by the difference (A/C Enzymatic $\mathbf { B } _ { 6 } - \mathbf { A } \mathbf { L P C O } \ \mathbf { B } _ { 6 } )$ vs PLPCO ${ \bf B } _ { 6 }$ REA is shown in the Difference plot. The range of values was $1 6 . 3 \mathrm { ~ - ~ } 1 8 9 . 3 ~ \mathrm { n m o l / L }$ (mean $= 6 6 . 3 \AA$ for the A/C Enzymatic Vitamin ${ \mathrm { B } } _ { 6 }$ Assay and 15.8 -185.8 nmol/l (mean $= 6 8 . 7 )$ for ALPCO Vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ REA Assay. The average difference exhibited by $\mathsf { A } / \mathsf { C }$ Enzymatic Vitamin B6 Assay and ALPCO B6 REA in this ·study was 2.42 nmol/L.

AntiCancer, Inc c.o Dr. Qinghong Han 7917 Ostrow St. San Diego, CA 92111

Re: k111260 Trade Name: A/C Enzymatic Vitamin B6 Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 8 1 0$ EP Regulation Name: Vitamin B12 test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: CDD Dated: July 2, 2012 Received: July 12, 2012

Dear Dr Han:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's. Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K111260

Device Name: A/C ENZYMATIC VITAMIN B6 ASSAY

Indications for Use:

INDICATION FOR USE STATEMENT:

•The A/C Enzymatic Vitamin B6 Assay is intended for the quantitative determination of pyridoxal ${ \sf s } '$ -phosphate (PLP, vitamin ${ \bf B } _ { 6 } { \bf \dot { \theta } } .$ in EDTA-plasma. The device will monitor vitamin ${ \bf B } _ { 6 }$ (PLP) status in human plasma for aid in diagnosis of vitamin ${ \tt B } _ { 6 }$ deficiency.   
• The A/C Enzymatic Vitamin B6 Assay is for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Rate Chal

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k)111260