# NOV 1 8 2011

# SECTION 5 - 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

Submitter Address Phone number Fax number

ELITech Vital Scientific BV   
Van Rensselaerweg 4, 6956 AV SPANKEREN, The Netherlands   
+ 31 (0) 313 430 501   
+ 33 (0) 313 427 807

# Contact

Colinda van den Broek (Email: c.vandenbroek@elitechgroup.com)

Date of Preparation June 24, 2011

# Device names

Trade/proprietary Name: Common or Usual Name: Regulatory:

# ELITech Clinical Systems ISE Total $\phantom { + } \mathsf { c o } _ { 2 }$ Electrode Total $\mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ ISE

ELITech Clinical Systems ISE Calibrators ISE Calibrator   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>enzymatic, Carbon -Dioxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR862.1160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bicarbonate/Carbon dioxidetest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

Trade/proprietary Name: Common or Usual Name: Regulatory:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>calibrator, multi-analyte mixture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

# Establishment Information:

The establishment registration number for ELITech Vital Scientific BV is 8030478.   
The establishment registration number for ELITech SEPPIM SAS is 3007662974.   
The establishment registration number for ELITech Wescor USA is 1717966.   
The owner operator number for ELITech North America (Wescor, Logan, UT, USA) is 1717966.

# Predicate device:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Instrument or reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product code(s)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ROCHE Diagnostics, COBAS In-tegra Bicarbonate liquid (CO2-L)Roche Diagnostics, Ammo-nia/Ethanol/CO2 calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K031879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHS</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Substantial Equivalence:</td><td>The ELITech Clinical Systems ISE Total CO2 Electrode calibrated with ELITech Clinical Systems ISE Calibrators is demonstrated to be substan- tially equivalent to the Roche Diagnostics COBAS Integra Bicarbonate liquid calibrated with Roche Diagnostics Ammonia/Ethanol/CO2 Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td>Device description</td><td>The ELITech Clinical Systems ISE Total CO2 Electrode system is comprised of the electrodes plus ISE Reference Solution, ISE Diluent, ISE Calibrators.</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Standards</td><td>To date, no performance standards that affect this device have been finalized under Section 514 of the Act.</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use

See Indications for Use following

# Indications for Use:

ISE Total $C O _ { 2 }$ Electrode   
The Total $\mathsf { C O } _ { 2 }$ electrode for the ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM is intended for the quantitative determination of carbon dioxide in serum and plasma.Bicarbonate/carbon dioxide measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changesin body acid-base balance.

# Comparison to Predicate device

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE MODULE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELITech Clinical Systems Device(Selectra ProM ISE Module)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate device(Selectra ProM ISE Module K102647)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Selectra ProM ISE module is anelectrometer used for measurementof electrolytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">used for the quantitative in vitro diag-nostic determination of sodium (Na*),potassium (K*), chloride (Cl) and totalCO2 in human serum and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">used for the quantitative in vitro diag-nostic determination of sodium (Na*),potassium (K*), and chloride (CI) indiluted serum, plasma and urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of aldos-teronism (excessive secretion of thehormone aldosterone), diabetes in-sipidus (chronic excretion of largeamounts of dilute urine, accompaniedby extreme thirst), adrenal hyperten-sion, Addison's disease (caused bydestruction of adrenal glands), dehy-dration, inappropriate antidiuretichormone secretion, or other diseasesinvolving electrolyte imbalancePotassium measurements are used tomonitor electrolyte balance in thediagnosis and treatment of diseasesconditions characterized by low orhigh blood potassium levels.Chloride measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of elec-trolyte and metabolic disorders suchas cystic fibrosis and diabetic acido-sis.Bicarbonate/carbon dioxide meas-urements are used in the diagnosisand treatment of numerous potentiallyserious disorders associated withchanges in body acid-base balance.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of aldos-teronism (excessive secretion of thehormone aldosterone), diabetes in-sipidus (chronic excretion of largeamounts of dilute urine, accompaniedby extreme thirst), adrenal hyperten-sion, Addison's disease (caused bydestruction of adrenal glands), dehy-dration, inappropriate antidiuretichormone secretion, or other diseasesinvolving electrolyte imbalancePotassium measurements are used tomonitor electrolyte balance in thediagnosis and treatment of diseasesconditions characterized by low orhigh blood potassium levels.Chloride measurements are used inthe diagnosis and treatment of elec-trolyte and metabolic disorders suchas cystic fibrosis and diabetic acido-sis.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indirect potentiometry measurementwith lon-Selective Electrode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum or lithium heparinized plasmafree of hemolysis, obtained anaerobi-cally for total CO2.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum and hemolysis-free plasma.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium:Serum/plasma : 136-145 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Potassium: Serum: 3.5 -5.1 mmol/L Plasma: 3.4 - 4.5 mmol/L Chloride: Same</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Method comparison</td><td>Serum/Plasma: 98 - 107 mmol/L Sodium on serum Same Potassium on serum</td><td>Sodium on serum Same Potassium on serum</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Same Chloride on serum Same</td><td>Same Chloride on serum Same</td></tr><tr><td>General information</td><td>ELITech Clinical Systems Device (Selectra ProM ISE Module)</td><td>Predicate device (ROCHE Diagnostics CO2-L, Bicar- bonate liquid with Roche Diagnostics Ammonia/Ethanol/CO2 Calibrator ,</td></tr><tr><td>Expected values Reagent composi-</td><td>23-29 mEq/L</td><td>K031879 22-29 mol/L</td></tr><tr><td>tion/technology</td><td>ISE reference including CO2 Composition: Buffered solution with surfactant con- taining : 1.75 of CO2 mmoL/L</td><td>Reagent R1: Composition: Phosphoenolpyruvate ≥ 40 mmol/L NADH analog ≥ 2.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>MDH (porcine) ≥ 314.3 μkat/L PEPC (microbial) ≥ 30.8 μKat/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Liquid form, ready to use</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Storage:</td><td>Storage:</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Store at 10-30 C. This solution is</td><td>Store at 2-8 C. This solution is stable</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>stable until the expiry date stated on</td><td>until the expiry date stated on the</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>the label. Do not freeze.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Performance characteristics</td><td></td><td>label.</td></tr><tr><td>Electrode slope range</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Measuring range</td><td>Total CO2: - 40 to -10 mV</td><td>Not applicable</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total CO2: 10.8 - 43.0 mEq/L</td><td>0.5-50 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td>Precision</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Total CO2_ :</td><td>Within run</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Within run Level 12.1 mEq/L CV=3.9%</td><td>Level 18.7mmol/L CV=0.72%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Level 31.6 mmol/L CV=0.84%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Level 19.9 mEq/L CV=2.3%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Level 9.09 mmol/L CV=1.34%</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td>Level 27.5 mEq/L CV=2.3%</td><td>Level 24.9 mmol/L CV=0.67%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Level 12.1 mEq/L CV=6.8% Level 19.9 mEq/L CV=5.4% Level 27.5 mEq/L CV=5.2%</td><td></td><td>Level 18.2mmol/L CV=1.41% Level 31.2 mmol/L CV=0.81% Level 8.30 mmol/L CV=2.23%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Method Comparison</td><td rowspan="2">Total CO2 y=0.908 x + 2.2 mEq/L</td><td>Level 23.7 mmol/L CV=1.04%</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>y=1.019x - 0.19 mmol/L</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Calibration Frequency</td><td>r= 0.985 range: 9.7 to 44.9 mEq/L It is recommended to recalibrate after setting-up of a new vial of ISE Refer- ence Solution or of ISE Diluent then</td><td>r= 0.9995 range: 2.46 to 46 mmol/L quality control procedures.</td><td>Each lot and as required following</td></tr><tr><td>Controls</td><td>every 4 hours when quality control results fall outside the established range, after replacing electrode, and after ISE cleaning and maintenance. Recommended quality control mate- rial (not included): ELITech Clinical Systems ISE CON-</td><td>rial:</td><td>Recommended quality control mate-</td></tr><tr><td>Limitations</td><td>TROL I (Level 1) ELITech Clinical Systems ISE CON- TROL II (level 2) Total CO2: Unconjugated bilirubin: No signifi- cant interference up to 30 mg/dL (513 μmol/L). Conjugated bilirubin: No significant</td><td>Roche Diagnostics Precipath U unconjugated bilirubin</td><td>Roche Diagnostics Precinorm U Icterus : No significant interference up to 60 mg/dL for conjugated and</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>interference up to 29.5 mg/dL (504 μmol/L). Hemoglobin : No significant interfer- ence up to 300 mg/dL. Turbidity: No significant interference up to 614 mg/dL (7 mmol/L). Acetylsalicylate: No significant inter- ference up to 40 mg/dL (2.2 mmol/L). Concentrations above the therapeutic levels will interfere and cause errone- ous results. Ascorbic acid: No significant inter- ference up to 16 mg/dL (0.9 mmol/L). Concentrations above the therapeutic levels will interfere and cause errone- ous results. Hyperlipemia or hyperproteinemia lead to a negative bias in the meas- urement of electrolyte because of dilution effect.</td><td>Hemoglobin: No significant interfer- ence up to an H index of 1000 (ap- 1000 mg/dL). erides concentration</td><td>proximate haemoglobin concentration Lipemia: No significant interference up to an L index of 2000. There is a poor correlation between the L index (corresponds to turbidity) and triglyc-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>ISE CALIBRATORS</td><td>ELITech Clinical Systems Device (ISE Calibrator)</td><td>Predicate device (ROCHE Diagnostics CO2-L, Bicar- bonate liquid with Roche Diagnostics Ammonia/Ethanol/CO2 Calibrator,</td></tr><tr><td>Traceability</td><td>According the following reference material : Na*: NIST SRM 919b K*:NIST SRM 918b CI NIST SRM 918b/919b Total CO2 : NIST SRM 924a</td><td>K031879) This method. has been standardized against primary standard traceable to NIST or NERL.</td></tr><tr><td>ISE Calibrators</td><td>Composition: Aqueous solutions containing sodium, potassium, chloride and total CO with 2 different levels of concentrations. Concentrations are lot-specific. The values are given in the vial labels. Storage: Store at 2-30 °C. These calibrators are stable until the expiry date stated on the label. Do not freeze. Stability: - Calibrators are stable until the expiry</td><td>Calibrator kit Composition: Aqueous buffer solution containing ammonia, ethanol and sodium bicar- bonate with preservative. Liquid ready-to-use calibrators The concentrations of the calibrators components have been adjusted to ensure optimal calibration of the ap- propriate Roche methods on clinical chemistry analyzers. Storage Store at 2-8°C. These calibrators are stable until the expiry date stated on the label. Stability : - After opening, calibrators is stable 8</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The performance data and other information demonstrate that the safety and effectiveness of this device versus the predicate device is not compromised, and that it met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to its respective predicate devices in its intended use locations.

ELITechGroup   
Epoch Biosciences   
c/o Debra Hutson   
$2 1 7 2 0 2 3 ^ { \mathrm { r d } }$ Dr, SE   
Suite 150   
Bothell, Washington 98021

Re: k111960 Trade Name: ELITech Clinical Systems ISE CO² Electrode, ELITech Clinical Systems ISE CALIBRATORS Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1160 Regulation Name: Bicarbonate/carbon dioxide test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: KHS, JIX Dated: November 14, 2011 Received: November 15, 2011

Dear Ms. Hutson

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known):160   
Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems ISE ${ \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ Electrode   
Indications for Use:

# ISE CO2 electrode

The carbon dioxide electrode for the ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM is intended for use for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of Total CO2 in human serum and plasma. Bicarbonate/carbon dioxide measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated with changes in body acid-base balance.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Rutl Chal

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510(k(11960

# Indications for Use Form

111960 510(k) Number (if known): Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems ISE CALIBRATORS Indications for Use:

ELITech Clinical Systems ISE Calibrators are used for the calibration of sodium $( N a + )$ , potassium $( \mathsf { K } + )$ , chloride (Cl-) and carbon dioxide (Total ${ \mathsf { C O } } _ { 2 }$ on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra ProM analyzer equipped with ISE module.

Prescription Use X Over-The-Counter Use 2 CFR 80 ubrt ANDOR (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Qntt Cheade

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
510(k)_ 111960