# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter name, address, contact

Roche Diagnostics   
9115 Hague Road, P.0. Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416   
317-521-3577

Contact Person: Kelly French Phone: 317-521-3208 Fax: 317-521-2324 Email: kelly.french@roche.com

Secondary Contact: Stephanie Greeman Phone: 317-521-2458   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: stephanie.greeman@roche.com

Date Prepared: June 2, 2011

# Device Name

# Predicate device

The Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed T3 CalCheck (K963167).

Device Description

The Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 is a lyophilized product consisting of T3 in human serum matrix. During manufacture, the analyte is spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Intended use

The Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys T3 quantitative assay reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers, for in vitro diagnostic use only.

The table below compares Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 with the predicate device, Elecsys T3 CalCheck (K963167). The predicate shows that T3 CalCheck 5 is substantially equivalent to T3 CalCheck, with several key similarities, especially the analyte. The shaded fields indicate similar characteristics between the candidate device and the predicate device.

Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5(Candidate Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys T3 CalCheck(K963167)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Elecsys T3 Calcheck 5is an assayed control foruse in calibrationverification and for use inthe verification of theassay range established bythe Elecsys T3 quantitativeassay reagent on theindicated Elecsys andcobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the verification ofthe calibration established bythe Elecsys T3 regent onindicated Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>T3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay MeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.300 - 10.0 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.300 - 10.0 nmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check TargetValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: ≤ 0.2 nmol/LCheck 2: 2.0 nmol/LCheck 3: 5 nmol/LCheck 4: 8 nmol/LCheck 5: 10 nmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Check 1: 0 ng/mlCheck 2: 1.6 ng/mlCheck 3: 5.8 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute Check 1,Check 2, Check 3, Check4, and Check 5 withexactly 1.0 mL distilled ordeionized water. Allow tostand closed for 15minutes, then mix gentlyby inversion.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute Check 1, Check2, and Check 3 with exactly1.0 mL distilled or deionizedwater. Allow to stand closedfor 15 minutes, then mixgently by inversion.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:•  20-25°C: 4 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened:Store at 2-8°C untilexpiration dateReconstituted:•  15-25°C: 4 hours</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum matrix</td></tr></table>

# The Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 was evaluated for value assignment and stability.

Roche Diagnostics   
c/o Ms. Kelly French   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
9115 Hague Road, PO Box 50416   
Indianapolis, IN 46250-0416

Re: k111552 Trade Name: Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed). Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Codes: JJX Dated: June 2, 2011 Received: June 3, 2011

Dear Ms. French:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket   
notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Couktney Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): KI11552

Device Name: Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5

Indication For Use:

The Elecsys T3 CalCheck 5 is an assayed control for use in calibration verification and for use in the verification of the assay range established by the Elecsys T3 reagent on the indicated Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

d2

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K111552