Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Abbreviated 510(k) Summary

K111702

# ST AIA-PACK ACTH

# Date:

June 17, 2011

# Submitter:

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123

# Contact Person:

Judith K. Ogden   
Director, New Business & Technical Development   
6000 Shoreline Ct., Ste. 101   
South San Francisco, CA 94080   
Phone: 650-636-8112   
Fax: 650-636-8113   
Email: Judy.Ogden@tosoh.com

# Device Name:

# ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S Calibrator Set

Classification

Class II   
JIT   
Clinical Chemistry 21 CFR 862.1150

Predicate Device:

k040181 Access DHEA-S Calibrators

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Abbreviated 510(k) Summary

# ST AIA-PACK ACTH

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Device Description:

The ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR SET contains human sera with assigned levels of DHEA-S. Calibration should be performed according to the schedule indicated in the TOSOH AIA System Operator's Manual.

$2 \times 1 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ EMPY   
ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR (1) 0 μg/dL Human serum containing no detectable concentration of DHEA-S with sodium azide as a preservative.   
2 x l mL   
ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR (2) 5.0 μg/dL   
(approx.)   
ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR (3) 12 µg/dL (approx.)   
ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR (4) 60 µg/dL (approx.)   
ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR (5) 300 μg/dL (approx.)   
ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR (6) 1200 μg/dL (approx.)   
Human serum containing the assigned concentration of DHEA-S (described on   
each vial) with sodium azide as a preservative.

# ST AIA-PACK ACTH Calibrator Set

# Device Intended Use:

The ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S CALIBRATOR SET is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S assay.

# Substantial Equivalence:

Comparison between the Tosoh ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S Calibrator Set and the Access DHEA-S Calibrators   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateAccess® DHEA-SCalibrators(K040181)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh ST AIA-PACKDHEA-S Calibrator Set</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access DHEA-SCalibrators are intended tocalibrate the Access DHEA-Sassay for the quantitativedetermination ofDehydroepiandrosteronesulphate levels in humanserum and plasma using theAccess Immunoassay Systems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ST AIA-PACK DHEA-SCALIBRATOR SET isintended for IN VITRODIAGNOSTIC USE ONLYfor the calibration of the STAIA-PACK DHEA-S assay.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHEA-S</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DHEA-S</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter AccessImmunoassay System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tosoh AIA Systems</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six(0, 20, 50, 200, 500 and 1000μg/mL approximately)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six(0, 5, 12, 60, 300 and 1200μg/mL, approximately)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use liquid calibrators;Six two-mL bottles, one foreach of the six calibratorlevels.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ready to use liquid calibrators;Six one-mL bottles, one foreach of the six calibratorlevels.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Protocol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitiveimmunoenzymatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum / buffer basewith surfactant andpreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum base withsodium azide preservative</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable to themanufacturer&#x27;s workingcalibrators.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumPlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SerumHeparinized plasmaEDTA plasmaCitrated plasma cannot be used</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store in upright and refrigerateat 2 to10°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store in upright position at 2-8°C when not in use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability(un-opened vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable until the expiration datestated on the label when storedat 2 to10°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>When stored unopened andrefrigerated at 2-8°C, thecalibrator set is stable until theexpiration date on the label.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability(opened vial)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vial is stable at 2 to10°C for28 days after initial use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The calibrator materials shouldbe used within 1 day ofopening, provided the vials arekept tightly sealed andrefrigerated at 2-8°C.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf-life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months when storedunopened and refrigerated at 2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 months when storedunopened and refrigerated at 2-8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay calibration data arevalid up to 28 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable up to 90 days</td></tr></table>

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc.

# Conclusion:

The Tosoh Bioscience, Inc. ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S Calibrator Set is substantially equivalent to the Access DHEA-S Calibrators k040181 for the in vitro diagnostic use only for the calibration the ST AIAPACK DHEA-S assay.

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc c/o Ms. Judith K. Ogden 6000 Shoreline Ct., Ste. 101 South San Francisco, CA 94080

Re: k111762 Trade Name: ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S Calibrator Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR §862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: JIT Dated: June 22, 2011 Received: June 23, 2011

Dear Ms. Ogden:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicale devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809, please contact theOfficof In Vtro Diagnosic DevieEvaluation and Safety at (301)796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

GC.

Couthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

k111762

Device Name:

ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S Calibrator Set

Indication For Use:

ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S Calibrator Set is designed for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK DHEA-S assay on Tosoh AIA System Analyzers

And/Or

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety