This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is: k111023.

# Applicant Name:

John Rizos, Senior Regulatory Affairs Administrator   
Regulatory Affairs   
Abbott Laboratories Diagnostics Division   
Dept. 9V6, AP5N-2   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Abbott Park, IL 60064   
john.rizos@abbott.com

# Device Name:

Classification Name: Calibrator, Secondary Trade Name: ARCHITECT LH Calibrators Common Name: Human Luteinizing Hormone Governing Regulation: 862.1150 Device Classification: Class II Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry Product Code: JIT

# Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed: Abbott ARCHITECT LH Calibrators (List No. 7G94-01), k032458

# Intended Use of Device:

The ARCHITECT LH Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of human luteinizing hormone (LH) in human serum and plasma.

# Description of Device:

The ARCHITECT LH Calibrator kit contains 6 bottles (4.0 mL each) of ARCHITECT LH Calibrators A, B, C, D, E, and F. Calibrators A through F contain phosphate buffer with protein (bovine) stabilizers. Calibrators B through F also contain different concentration levels of luteinizing hormone (from human pituitary). Preservatives: ProClin 300, ProClin 950.

# Comparison Table:

The table below compares the new device, ARCHITECT LH Calibrators, List No. 2P40-01, with the predicate device, ARCHITECT LH Calibrators, List No. 7G94-01 (k032458).

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Comparison of New Device to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceARCHITECT LH CalibratorsList No. 7G94-01, k032458</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceARCHITECT LH CalibratorsList No. 2P40-01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the calibration of theARCHITECT i System whenused for the quantitativedetermination of humanluteinizing hormone (LH) inhuman serum and plasma.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARCHITECT i System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mIU/mL - 100 mIU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00 mIU/mL - 250.00 mIU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LH Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 2 levels2 and 100 mIU/mL humanluteinizing hormoneCalibrators must be used withmatched reagents and controlsper labeling.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 levels0.00, 1.00, 3.50, 15.00, 50.00,250.00 mIU/mL humanluteinizing hormoneNote: Matching of calibratorswith reagents and controls isnot required.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators 1-2: Luteinizinghormone (from humanpituitaryCalibrators 1-2: Diluent: CalfserumCalibrators 1-2: Preservative:Sodium Azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators B-F: Luteinizinghormone (from humanpituitary) - changed vendorcodeCalibrators A-F: Diluent:Phosphate buffer with proteinstabilizers (bovine)Calibrators A-F: Preservatives:ProClin 300, ProClin 950</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The calibrators are manufacturedby dilution and referenced to theWorld Health Organization(W.H.O.) Luteinizing Hormone(LH) Human, Pituitary 2ndInternational Standard 80/552 ateach Concentration.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The calibrators are referenced tothe World Health Organization(WHO) Luteinizing Hormone(LH) Human, Pituitary 2ndInternational Standard 80/552.Note: Calibrators B-F aremanufactured by dilution.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

Substantial equivalence for the new device, ARCHITECT LH Calibrators (List No. 2P40-01), is claimed to the predicate device cleared in k032458, ARCHITECT LH Calibrators (List No. 7G94-01), based on the information described above.

Abbott Laboratories   
c/o Mr. John Rizos   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Administrator   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Department 9V6, AP5N-2   
Abbott Park, IL 60064

# JUN 1 0 2011

Re: k111023 Trade Name: Architect LH Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 1 5 0$ Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: JIT Dated: April 12, 2011 Received: April 19, 2011

Dear Mr. Rizos:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

Courthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k111023

# Device Name: ARCHITECT LH Calibrators

# Indications for Use

The ARCHITECT LH Calibrators are for the calibration of the ARCHITECT i System when used for the quantitative determination of human luteinizing hormone (LH) in human serum and plasma.