# 510(k) Summary— Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3

# Introduction

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification [510(k)].

# Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Contact Person: Sarah Baumann   
Phone: 317-521-3952   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: sarah.baumann@roche.com Secondary Contact: Stephanie Greeman Phone: 317-521-2458   
Fax: 317-521-2324   
Email: stephanie.greeman@roche.com

Date Prepared: May 31, 2011

# Device name

# Device description

Eles® PreControlVaris a lyophilize product consisting nalytes in a human serum matrix. During manufacture, the analytes are spiked into the matrix at the desired concentration levels.

# Predicate devices

Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. We claim equivalency to the currently marketed Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K05 1543).

Elecsys® PreciControl Vari 3 is a multi-analyte control that combines the analytes in the Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543) multi-analyte controls.

# 510(k) Summary- Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Varia 3, Continued

# Intended use

E immunoassays on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers.

# Device Comparison— Similarities

Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 is a multi-analyte control that combines the analytes in the Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K05 1543) multi-analyte controls.

Tables 1 and 2 below present the similarities between Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 and the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340, Table 1) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543, Table 2).

Table 1. Comparison of Candidate (Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3) and Predicate (Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia)—Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceElecsysPreciControl Varia 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsysPreciControl Anemia(K082340)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzersystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin B12Commercially availableradio-binding assayFerritin—NIBSC Standard 80/602Folate—Elecsys Folate II Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary— Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Varia 3, Continued

# Device Comparison— Similarities (continued)

Tables 1 and 2 present the similarities between Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 and the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340, Table 1) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543, Table 2).

Table 2. Comparison of Candidate (Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3) and Predicate (Elecsys PreciControl Bone)-Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(K051543)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyzersystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys and cobas e immunoassayanalyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> β-CrossLaps/serum (β-CTx)—GravimetryOsteocalcin—In-house referencesystem (commercially availableosteocalcin immuno/radio-bindingassayParathyroid Hormone (PTH and PTHSTAT)-In-house reference system(commercially available PTH radio-binding assay)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary- Elecsys $\textcircled{7}$ PreciControl Varia 3, Continued

# Device Comparison— Differences

Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 is a multi-analyte control that combines the analytes in the Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K05 1543) multi-analyte controls.

Tables 3 and 4 below present the differences between Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 and the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340, Table 3) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543, Table 4).

Table 3. Comparison of Candidate (Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3) and Predicate (Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia)—Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys® PreciControl Anemia(K082340)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia 3 is usedfor quality control of specified Elecsysimmunoassays on the Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Anemia isused for quality control of Elecsysimmunoassays on the Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyteconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin (ng/mL)Level 0 = 14Level 1 = 150Level 2 = 1000Folate (ng/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel 1 = 3.9Level 2 = 12Vitamin B12 (pg/mL)Level 0 = 230Level 1 = 500Level 2 = 1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ferritin (ng/mL)Level 1 = 15Level 2 = 500Level 3 = 1500Folate (ng/mL)Level 1 = 3Level 2=8Level 3 = 14Vitamin B12 (pg/mL)Level 1 = 350Level 2 = 700Level 3 = 1500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dissolve carefully the contents of onebottle by adding exactly 3.0 mL ofdistilled or deionized water and allowto stand closed for 30 minutes toreconstitute. Mix carefully, avoidingthe formation of foam.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dissolve carefully the contents ofone bottle by adding exactly 2.0 mLof distilled or deionized water andallow to stand closed for 30 minutesto reconstitute. Mix carefully,avoiding the formation of foam.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume(reconstituted)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mL</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary— Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Varia 3, Continued

# Device Comparison— Differences (continued)

Tables 3 and 4 present the differences between Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 and the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340, Table 3) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543, Table 4).

Table 3. Comparison of Candidate (Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3) and Predicate (Elecsys PreciControl Anemia)-—Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Candidate Device</td><td>Predicate Device Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Stability</td><td>Unopened at 2 - 8 C:</td><td>Unopened at 2 - 8 C:</td></tr><tr><td>up to the stated expiration date</td><td>up to the stated expiration date</td></tr><tr><td>Reconstituted/thawed serum:</td><td>Reconstituted serum:</td></tr><tr><td>at - 20 °C: 31 days (freeze only 0 once</td><td>at  20 °C: 1 month (freeze only once)</td></tr><tr><td>at 2 - 8 C: 72 hours 0 0 at 20 - 25 °C on-board the 0 analyzers: up to 5 hours</td><td>at 2 - 8 C: 3 days 0 at 20 - 25 °C on-board the</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary— Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Varia 3, Continued

Device Comparison— Differences (continued)

Tables 3 and 4 present the differences between Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 and the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340, Table 3) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543, Table 4).

Table 4. Comparison of Candidate (Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3) and Predicate (Elecsys PreciControl Bone)-Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceElecsys® PreciControl Varia 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsysPreciControl Bone(K051543)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Varia 3 is usedfor quality control of specified Elecsysimmunoassays on the Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Elecsys PreciControl Bone is usedfor quality control of Elecsysimmunoassays on the Elecsys andcobas e immunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyteconcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-CTx (pg/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel l = 320Level 2 = 750Osteocalcin (ng/mL)Level 0 = N/ALevel 1 = 20Level 2 = 100PTH (pg/mL)Level 0=25Level 1 = 60Level 2 = 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> β-CTx (pg/mL)Level 1 = 315Level 2 = 750Level 3 = 3000Osteocalcin (ng/mL)Level 1 = 20Level 2 = 100Level 3 = 205PTH (pg/mL)Level 1 = 60Level 2 = 205Level 3 = 850</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dissolve carefully the contents of onebottle by adding exactly 3.0 mL ofdistilled or deionized water and allowto stand closed for 30 minutes toreconstitute. Mix carefully, avoidingthe formation of foam.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dissolve carefully the contents ofone bottle by adding exactly 2.0 mLof distilled or deionized water andallow to stand closed for 15 minutesto reconstitute. Mix carefully,avoiding the formation of foam.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary— Elecsys $\textcircled{8}$ PreciControl Varia 3, Continued

# Device Comparison— Differences (continued)

Tables 3 and 4 present the differences between Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 and the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340, Table 3) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543, Table 4).

Table 4. Comparison of Candidate (Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3) and Predicate (Elecsys® PreciControl Bone)—Differences, continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceElecsys® PreciControl Varia 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceElecsys® PreciControl Bone(K051543)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume(reconstituted)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened at 2 - 8 °C:up to the stated expiration dateReconstituted/thawed serum:0at - 20 °C: 31 days (freeze onlyonce)0 at 2 - 8 °C: 72 hoursO at 20 - 25 °C on-board theanalyzers: up to 5 hours</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened at 2 - 8 °C:up to the stated expiration dateReconstituted/thawed serum: at - 20 °C: 1 month (4freeze/thaw cycles possible)0at 2 - 8 °C: 5 days0 at 20 - 25 °C: up to 8 hours</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics

Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 was evaluated for value assignment, stability, and duration of reconstitution.

# Conclusion

The data demonstrate that the performance of Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3 is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate devices, Elecsys® PreciControl Anemia (K082340) and Elecsys® PreciControl Bone (K051543).

Roche Diagnostics   
c/o Sarah Baumann   
Regulatory Affairs Consultant   
9115 Hague Road   
P.O. Box 50410   
Indianapolis, IN, 46250-0416

Re: k111506 Trade Name: Elecsys PreciControl Varia 3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality Control Material Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: May 31, 2011 Received: June 1, 2011

Dear Ms. Baumann:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2 -

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket   
notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from-the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intermet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Gc.

:V

Coukthey Harper, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K11/500

Device Name: Elecsys® PreciControl Varia 3

Indications for Use:

Elecsys PreciControl Varia 3 is used for quality control of specified Elecsys immunoassays on the Elecsys and cobas e immunoassay analyzers. See the package insert for the list of all analytes claimed.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety