# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of SMDA and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1.0 submitter's information

Name: Andon Medical Co., Ltd. Address: No.26 HangYu Road, Tianjin Airport Economic Area, TIANJIN   
Phone number: 86-22-8761 2426   
Fax number: 86-22-6052 6162   
Contact: Yi Liu   
Date of Application: 9/10/2011

# 2.0 Device information

Trade name: Andon Health Care Management System Software   
Common name: Data management software   
Classification name: Data management software

# 3.0 Classification

Production code: NBW- Blood Glucose Monitoring System. Regulation number: 862.1345   
Classification: II   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# 4.0 Predict device information

Manufacturer: Andon Medical Co., Ltd.   
Device: Andon Health Care Management System Software 510(k) number: k102678

# 5.0 Device description

Andon Health Care Management System Software is an optional software accessory for use with AG-608 Single Blood Glucose Monitoring System and AG-608 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, AG-6081 Single Blood Glucose Monitoring System and AG-6081 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, AG-6951Single Blood Glucose Monitoring System and AG-6951 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System. When used with the above Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems, Andon Health Care

Management System Software transfers data from the device's memory into a computer for enhanced data management.

# 6.0 Intended use

Andon Health Care Management System Software is an optional software accessory for use with the Andon blood glucose meters with data management capacities, When used with one of these meters, Andon Health Care Management System Software transfers data from the device's memory into a computer for enhanced data management. Andon Health Care Management System Software is intended for use in home and clinical settings via the internet to assist people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in uploading, storing, analyzing, and communicating historical blood glucose test results and other biological statistics to support diabetes management. Andon Heath Care System Software is not intended to provide treatment decisions or to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare judgment. All patient medical diagnoses and treatment are to be performed under the supervision and oversight of an appropriate healthcare professional.

# 7.0 Summary comparing technological characteristics with predicate device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andon     Health     CareManagement         SystemSofiware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andon     Health     CareManagement         SystemSoftware(K102678)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ANDON Health CareManagement SystemSoftware is intended for useinhome and clinical settings asan aid for people with usersand their healthcare professionals to review,analyze and evaluate thehistorical test resultsto support healthmanagement effectively.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ANDON Health CareManagement SystemSoftware is intended for useinhome and clinical settings asan aid for people with usersand their healthcare professionals to review,analyze and evaluate thehistorical test resultsto support healthmanagement effectively.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exe file</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exe file</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Package Contents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capable of deleting results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delete all results in meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delete all results in meter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Language capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">English, Spanish</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">English, Spanish</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Customizable schedule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Types of graphs etc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coordinates graph</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coordinates graph</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto-detect COM port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System components</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC, USB cable, meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC, USB cable, meter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hardware requirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU: optimal at 1,2 GHz+Main memory: optimal at256 MB+ RAMDisk space: optimal 200MB+ free space - at least 100MBGraphic resolution startingfrom 1024 x 768, CD-ROMdrive, USB interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU: optimal at 1,2 GHz+Main memory: optimal at256 MB+ RAMDisk space: optimal 200MB+ free space - at least 100MBGraphic resolution startingfrom 1024 x 768, CD-ROMdrive, USB interface</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual Basic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Visual Basic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Performance specifications,including any testing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Read memories in meter.Delete all memories in meterSet time to meterDraw table and graphPrintSet the personal information</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delete all memories in meterSet time to meterDraw table and graphPrintSet the personal information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Compatibility</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AG-608   Single   BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemand AG-608 Multi BloodGlucose Monitoring System,AG-6081 Single BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemand AG-6081 Multi BloodGlucose Monitoring System,AG-6951Single       BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemand AG-6951 Multi BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AG-608  Single   BloodGlucose Monitoring Systemand AG-608 Multi BloodGlucose Monitoring System</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Performance summary

Testing of Andon Health Care Management System Software included system test and unit test.

# 9.0 Comparison to the predict device and the conclusion

Andon Health Care Management System Software is very similar with the predicted device   
Andon Health Care Management System Software(K102678), However, they are intended to use together with 4 additional BGMS: AG-6081 Single Blood Glucose Monitoring System and AG-6081 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System, AG-6951Single Blood Glucose Monitoring System and AG-6951 Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

However, the test in this submission provides demonstration that these small differences do not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness.

Andon Medical Co., Lid.   
c/o Yi Liu   
President   
No.26 Hang Yu Rd., Tianjin Airport Economic Area Tianjin, 300381   
CH - CHINA

Re: k112738 Trade/Device Name: Andon Health Care Management System Software Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system. Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: September 20, 2011 Received: September 20, 2011

Dear: Mr. Liu:

We have reviewed your Section St0(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part S07); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturig practice requirements as set forth in the quaity systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2-

If you desie speciic advice or your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Pan 801), please contac the Office of In Viro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the a "        0.. OS's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (2) CFR Par 803), please o t0   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilites under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance a its toll-ree number (800) 638-2041 or (301 )796- 5680 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

2

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Virro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Andon Health Care Management System Software FDA 510(k) Files

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K 1/2738

Device Name: Andon Health Care Management System Software

# Indication For Use:

Andon Health Care Management System Software is an optional software accessory for use with the Andon blood glucose meters with data management capacities, When used with one of these meters, Andon Health Care Management System Software transfers data from the device's memory into a computer for enhanced data management.

Andon Health Care Management System Software is intended for use in home and clinical settings via the internet to assist people with diabetes and their healthcare professionals in uploading, storing, analyzing, and communicating historical blood glucose test results and other biological statistics to support diabetes management. Andon Heath Care System Software is not intended to provide treatment decisions or to be used as a substitute for professional healthcare judgment. All patient medical diagnoses and treatment are to be performed under the supervision and oversight of an appropriate healthcare professional.

Qutl Chelr

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

Page 1 of_1