# 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

Mari Meyer   
Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 439-9710   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: mari.meyer@diasorin.com

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay

Common Names/Descriptions:

Vitamin D Reagents

Classification Names:

Vitamin D Test System

Classification Number:

862.1825

Product Code:

MRG

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay (K071480)

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION: INTENDED USE:

The LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology for the quantitative determination of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and other hydroxylated vitamin D metabolites in human serum to be used in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency using the LIAISON® Analyzer family. Assay results should be used in conjunction with other clinical or laboratory data to assist the clinician in making individual patient management decisions in an adult population.

# KIT DESCRIPTION:

The LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D assay is a direct competitive chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA) for quantitative determination of total 25 OH vitamin D in serum. During the first incubation, 25 OH Vitamin D is dissociated from its binding protein and binds to the specific antibody on the solid phase. After 10 minutes the tracer, (vitamin D linked to an isoluminol derivative) is added. After a second10 minute incubation, the unbound material is removed with a wash cycle. Subsequently, the starter reagents are added to initiate a flash chemiluminescent reaction. The light signal is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is inversely proportional to the concentration of 25 OH vitamin D present in calibrators, controls, or samples.

Changes were made to the assay's magnetic particle surface and the Assay Buffei formulation to reduce reaction with rare heterophilic antibodies.

# PERFORMANCE DATA:

# Method Comparison:

A method comparison study was performed following CLSI EP9-A2. In the study, samples were obtained from a clinical reference laboratory. A total of 587 samples were tested by LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL and by DiaSorin 25 OH Vitamin D RIA. Linear regression analyses were performed on the results across the measuring range of the LiAISON® assay. The resulting regression equation was: $\mathsf { L } \mathsf { I A } \mathsf { \bar { S } O N } ^ { \otimes } = 1 . 0 4 7 \ ( \mathsf { R } \mathsf { I A } ) + 2 . 4 1 ; \mathsf { R } = \ 0 . 9 3 6$

# Reproducibility/Precision:

A 20 day reproducibility/precision study was performed at DiaSorin Inc. and 2 external sites. A coded panel comprised of 6 serum samples was prepared by DiaSorin Inc. The LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL controls (2 levels) were also tested in the study. The CLSI document EP15-A2 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

The 20 day results for the 3 sites are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Intra-Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample #6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8%</td></tr></table>

# Dilution Linearity:

Two (2) serum pools were diluted and analyzed with 1 LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay kit lots following CLSI EP6-A. The results for each sample were analyzed by a linear regression of observed Vitamin D concentration versus expected Vitamin D concentration. The resulting regression equation is: Observed $\Bumpeq$ Expected 1.01x -0.180; $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 9 5$ .

# Functional Sensitivity

The functional sensitivity is defined as the dose concentration at which the $\% c v$ exceeds $20 \%$ , was evaluated according to CLSI EP17-A. Samples were prepared at nominal concentrations of 2.0 - 14.0 ng/mL and assayed in multiple runs to determine mean concentration and $\% C V$ Sample concentration was plotted against $\% C V$ and a regression was prepared to determine the functional sensitivity. The derived functional sensitivity from the regression equation is ≤4.0 ng/mL.

# Interfering Substances

Interfering substances were tested in the LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D Assay. The results are presented in below.

# Specimens That Are

# Demonstrate $\leq 1 0 \%$ change in Results Up To

Hemolyzed   
Lipemic   
Icteric   
Icteric

200 mg/dL of hemoglobin   
589 mg/dL of triglycerides   
40 mg/dL of conjugated bilirubin   
40 mg/dL of unconjugated bilirubin

# Specimens That Contain

Demonstrate $\leq 1 0 \%$ change in Results Up To

Cholesterol Uric acid Total Protein

301 mg/dL   
20 mg/dL   
12 g/dL

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports the basis for substantial equivalence. The labeling is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

DiaSorin Inc c/o Judi Smith LLC P.O. Box 103 Baldwin, MD 21013

Re: k112725 Trade Name: LIAISON $\textcircled{8}$ 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 8 2 5$ Regulation Name: Vitamin D Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: MRG Dated: December 20, 2011 Received: December 22, 2011

Dear Ms. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# 5 INDICATION FOR USE

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay

Indication For Use:

The LIAISON® 25 OH Vitamin D TOTAL Assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLlA) technology for the quantitative determination of 25- hydroxyvitamin D and other hydroxylated vitamin D metabolites in human serum to be used in the assessment of vitamin D sufficiency. Assay results should be used in conjunction with other clinical or laboratory data to assist the clinician in making individual patient management decisions in an adult population.

Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety