# SECTION 5 - 510(k) Summary

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K 113269

Submitter Address Phone number Fax number

SEPPIM S.A.S.   
Zone Industrielle, 61500 SEES, FRANCE + 33 (0)2 33 81 21 00   
+ 33 (0)2 33 28 77 51

# Contact

Valérie GOURDON (Email: v.gourdon@elitechgroup.com)

Date of Preparation

November 2, 2011

# Device names

# REAGENT

Trade/proprietary Name:   
Common or Usual Name:   
Device Class   
Classification name   
Product code

ELITech Clinical Systems ALP IFCC SL

Alkaline phosphatase, "ALP IFCC SL"   
Class Il   
Alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes test system (Sec.862.1050) CJE Nitrophenylphosphate, alkaline phosphatase or isoenzymes

# PredIcate device

Roche Dlagnostlcs ALP2S (Alkaline phosphatase acc. to IFCC Gen.2) (K033185)

<table><tr><td>Device description</td><td>The device for this submission is available as kit only. It consists of 2 reagents R1 &amp; reagent R2. Reagent R1 contains: 2-Amino-2-methyl-1-propanol (AMP) buffer (pH 10.45). Magnesium ions, Zinc ions. Reagent R2 contains: p-Nitrophenylphosphate (p-NPP), sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>ELITech Clinical Systems ALP IFCC SL is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of alkaline phosphatase in human serum and plasma on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra analyzers. It is not intended for use In Point of Care settings.</td></tr><tr><td>Indication for use</td><td>Alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid and intestinal diseases.</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate device

Page 5.2 of 5.3 pages   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELTechaClintcal Syatems Device(ALPIFCC SL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:device(Roche Dlagnostice ALP2S (K033185)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of alkalinephosphatase in human serum andplasma on ELITech Clinical SystemsSelectra analyzers.It is not intended for use in Point ofCare settings.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In vilro test for the quantitative deter-mination of alkaline phosphatase inhuman serum and plasma on the co-bas c 111 system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase or its isoen-zymes measurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of liver,bone, parathyroid and intestinal di-seases.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alkaline phosphatase or its isoen-zymes measurements are used in thediagnosis and treatment of liver, bone,parathyroid and intestinal diseases.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay protocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric. Kinetic.Measurement of the rate of productionof p-nitrophenol at 405 nm.Based on IFCC recommendations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Colorimetric. KineticMeasurement of the rate of productionof p-nitrophenol at 409 nm.Based on IFCC recommendations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent R1:AMP buffer (pH 10.45)Magnesium lons      2.4 mmoVL :Zinc ions              1.2 mmolL :Reagent R2:pNP                 80 mmol/L;Sodium azide             &lt;0.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent R1:AMP buffer (pH 10.5)  1.724 moVL:Magneslum acatate   3.83 mmol/L:Zinc sulfate         0.766 mmoV/L:N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-ethylenediamine triace-tic acid:               3.83 mmoVL:Reagent R2:p-NPP              132.8 mmoi/L;Preservatives</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearance of re-agents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid form, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid form, ready to use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumPlasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SerumPlasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8 C and protect from light.The reagent is stable until the expirydate stated on the label.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Store at 2-8 C the reagent is stableuntil the expiry date stated on reagent.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/plasma:Men:20-50 years old: 53-128 U/L≥ 60 years old : 56-119 U/LWomen:20-50 years old: 42-98 U/L≥ 60 years old : 53-141 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum/plasma:AdultsMales (n = 221)       40-129 U/LFemales (n = 229)    35-104 U/LConsensus valuesMales                 40-130 U/LFemales               35-105 U/LChildrenaged 1 day            &lt;250 U/Laged 2-5 days         &lt;231 U/Laged 6 days-6 months&lt;449 UILaged 7 months-1 year&lt;462 U/Laged 1-3 years        &lt;281 U/Laged 4-6 years        &lt;269 U/Laged 7-12 years       &lt;300 U/Laged 13-17 years (f)  &lt;187 U/Laged 13-17 years (m)&lt;390 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sheA                ::</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ELTech:Clinicat Systems Device(ALPIFCC SL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pradicate device(Roche Dlagnostcs ALP2S (K033185)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Selectra ProM Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cobas c111</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 - 1023 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 - 1200 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of detection(LoD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">3 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of quantification(LoQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within runLevel 57 U/L          CV= 1.3%Level 144 U/L         CV= 0.9%Level 262 U/L        CV= 0.6%TotalLevel 57 U/L          CV= 4.4%Level 144 U/L        CV= 3.8%Level 262 U/L         CV= 2.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within runLevel 87.5 U/L   CV= 0.5%Level 229 U/L   CV= 0.7%Level 43.1 U/L   CV= 0.6%Level 190 U/L   CV= 1.2%TotalLevel90.0 U/L   CV= 1.0%Level229 U/L   CV= 0.8%Level53.2 U/L   CV= 0.8%Level 195 U/L   CV= 0.9%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">y= 1.025 x - 1 U/Lr= 0.998range: 18 to 1005 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">y= 1.008 x - 2.207 U/Lr= 1.000range: 32 to 828 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limitations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoalobln: No significant interfer-ence up to 500 mg/dL.Iriglycerides: No significant interfer-ence up to 3141 mg/dL.Unconjugated bilirubin: No signifi-cant interference up to 30.0 mg/dL(513 µmol/L).Conjugated billrubin: No significantinterference up to 29.5 mg/dl (504μmoVL).Ascorbic acid: No significant interfer-ence up to 20.0 mg/dL.Acetaminophen: No significant inter-ference up to 30.0 mg/dL.Acetylsalicylic acid: No significantinterference up to 200.0 mg/dL.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin: No significant interfer-ence up to an H Index of 250 (ap-proximate 250 mg/dL).Lipemla (Intrallpid): No significantinfluence up to an L index of 2000.There is poor correlation between theL index (corresponds to turbidity) andtriglycerides concentration.Icterus: No significant influence up toIndex of 60 (approximateconju-gated and unconjugated bilirubin con-centration of 60 mg/dL (1026 µmol/L)).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Frequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 day</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On board stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 day</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended calibration material(not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELICAL 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended calibration material(not included):Roche Calibrator f.a.s.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended quality control material(not included):ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL I(Normal control)ELITech Clinical Systems ELITROL II(Pathologic controh)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Recommended quality control material(not included):Roche Precinorm URoche Precipath U</td></tr></table>

ELITechGroup   
Epoch Biosciences   
c/o Debra K. Hutson   
$2 1 7 2 0 2 3 ^ { \mathsf { r d } }$ Dr., SE   
Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021 USA

Re: k113269 Trade Name: ELITech Clinical Systems ALP IFCC SL Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 0 5 0$ Regulation Name: Alkaline Phosphatase or Isoenzymes Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: CJE Dated: December 13, 2011 Received: December 22, 2011

Dear Ms. Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Couptney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (f known): 11369 Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems ALP IFCC SL

Indications for Use:

ELITech Clinical Systems ALP IFCC SL is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of alkaline phosphatase in human serum and plasma on ELiTech Clinical Systems Selectra analyzers.

It is not intended for use in Point of Care settings.

Alkaline phosphatase or its isoenzymes measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, bone, parathyroid and intestinal diseases.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH. Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety