# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness for the Dimension Vista® LOCI 9 Calibrator (KC647)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

A. 510(k) Number: 1113373

B. Date of Preparation: October 28, 2011

C. Proprietary and Established Names: Dimension Vista® LOCI 9 Calibrator, LOCI 9 CAL (KC647)

D. Applicant: Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc., P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101 Frances A. Dillon, Regulatory Affairs & Compliance Manager Office: (302) 631-6951 Fax: (302) 631-6299

# E. Regulatory Information:

Dimension Vista $\otimes$ LOCI 9 Calibrator, LOCI 9 CAL (KC647)   
1. Regulation section: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1150 Calibrator   
2. Classification: Class II   
3. Product Code: JIT - Calibrator, Secondary   
4. Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# F. Predicate Device:

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence is the Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide Calibrator, PBNP CAL (KC676A), cleared under K080578.

# G. Device Description:

The LOCl 9 Calibrator is a liquid, frozen bovine serum albumin based product packaged as ten vials to a carton, with two vials at each of the 5 levels (A, B, C, D and E), $1 . 5 \mathsf { m L }$ per vial. The LOCl 9 Calibrator includes progesterone, testosterone, buffers and preservatives.

Note: Although testosterone is present in this formulation, the LOCl 9 Calibrator will only be used with the Dimension Vista $\otimes$ Progesterone assay.

# H. Intended Use:

The LOCI 9 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the progesterone (PROG) method on the Dimension Vista $\textcircled{8}$ System.

# I. Substantial Equivalence Information:

The Dimension Vista $\otimes$ LOCI 9 Calibrator, LOCI 9 CAL (KC4647) was compared to the predicate device, Dimension Vista $\otimes$ N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide Calibrator, PBNP CAL (KC676A), cleared under K080578. The following tables provide a comparison of the important similarities and differences between the devices:

Similarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceDimension Vista® LOCI 9Calibrator, LOCI 9 CAL (KC647)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateDimension Vista ® N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic PeptideCalibrator, PBNP CAL (KC676A)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use..</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum albumin based</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum albumin based</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, frozen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid, frozen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ten vials, two vials per level, 5 levels(A, B, C, D and E)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ten vials, two vials per level, 5levels (A, B, C, D and E)</td></tr></table>

Differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceDimension Vista® LOCI 9Calibrator, LOCI 9 CAL (KC647)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateDimension Vista ® N-terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic PeptideCalibrator, PBNP CAL (KC676A)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LOCI 9 CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for the calibrationof the progesterone (PROG) methodon the Dimension Vista® System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PBNP CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for the calibrationof the N-terminal Pro-BrainNatriuretic Peptide (PBNP) methodon the Dimension Vista@ System.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Progesterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Synthetic PBNP</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 mL per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mL per vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TypicalConcentrationLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five Levels, (0, 1.0, 8.0, 20.0 and44.0 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Five levels, (0, 250, 1500, 12,000and 36,750 pg/mL)</td></tr></table>

# J. Performance:

The traceability, value assignment and stability of the Dimension Vista® LOCI 9 Calibrator have been validated following procedures of Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc.

# K. Conclusion:

The Dimension Vista $\otimes$ LOCI 9 Calibrator (KC4647) is substantially equivalent in design and intended use to the previously cleared Dimension Vista® N-terminal ProBrain Natriuretic Peptide Calibrator (KC676A).

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Frances A. Dillon   
P.O. Box 6101   
Mailstop 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101 USA

Re: k113373 Trade Name: Dimension Vista $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ LOCI 9 Calibrator Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 1 5 0 $ EY Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: JIT Dated: November 15, 2011 Received: November 16, 2011

Dear Ms. Dillon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications For Use

# Device Name:

Dimension Vista® LOCI 9 Calibrator

# Indications for Use:

The LOCl 9 CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of the progesterone (PROG) method on the Dimension Vista $\otimes$ System.

Prescription Use X and/or Over-the-counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of -In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)

fleanath

Diviston Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety

510k) K113373