# 510(k) Summary

A summary of 510k safety and effectiveness information in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92

Date Prepared: November 5, 2013   
Sponsor Information: UniStrip Technologies, LLC.   
Sponsor Address: 2701-A Hutchison McDonald Road Charlotte, NC 28269   
Sponsor Contact: Richard Admani   
Sponsor Tel Number: 1-704-285-6400   
Sponsor Fax Number: 1-704-285-6495   
Device Name: UniStrip1™ Test Strips   
Common/Usual Name: Blood Glucose Test Strips   
Classification Name: Glucose, Oxidase, Glucose   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345   
Product Code: NBW, CGA   
Device Class: Class II   
Review Panel: Clinical Chemistry

NOV 0 6 2013

Predicate Device: Manufacturer Lifescan, Inc.

Brand Name OneTouch® Test Strips

510(k) NumberK923544

Device Description

The UniStrip1™ Test Strips are used with the OneTouch® Ultra®, OneTouch® Ultra2®, OneTouch UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® blood glucose monitoring systems. The UniStrip1™ test Strips is intedor use outsie the body n vito diagnostic use) by people with diabetes using the OneTouch Ultra®, OneTouch® Ultra2®, OneTouch® UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® blood glucose monitoring systems as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The UniStrip1 Test Srips allow alternate site testing AST) from thefingertip, palm and/or the forearm.Use  palmAST is not to be done with OneTouch Ultra meter).

The UniStrip1™ Test Strip can only be used on the OneTouch®Ultra®, OneTouch®Ultra2®, OneTouch UltraMini® and OneTouch® UltraSmart® meters purchased before October 2012. UniStrip1™ Test Strips are only for use with calibration code 49.

# Indications for Use

The Unistrip1™Test Strips are used with the OneTouchUltra", OneTouchUltra, OneTouchUltraMi and One-Touch'UltraSmartmeters purchased before October 2012, set at calibration code 49, for marg gluco ugari whocapillary bloo.The Unistrpismeant or-estig l glucose as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.   
They are for single patient use only and should not be shared.   
They are used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken   
from the finger, palm, or forearm.   
Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use).   
They are indicated for use by people with diabetes in their home as an aid to monitor the   
effectiveness of diabetes control.   
Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates.

UniStrip1™ Test Strips allow alternate site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch Ultrameter. Alternative site testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly). Alternative site testing (AST) testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

Predicate Product Comparison Similarities to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase (Aspergillus niger)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use OneTouch&#x27; Ultra Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use Prodigy Control Solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detecting Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Various codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code 49 Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Altitude Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 10,000 feet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than 86°F (30° C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39°-86°F (4°-30C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 months after opening</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days after opening</td></tr></table>

Differences with Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use OneTouch&#x27; Ultra Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use Prodigy Control Solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Various codes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code 49 Only</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than 86°F (30° C)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39°-86°F (4°-30°C)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Shelf Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 months after opening</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 days after opening</td></tr></table>

Safety and Effectiveness Tests and Studies Non-Clinical The following tests and studies were conducted to ensure the UniStrip1™ Test Strips were safe and effective when using the UniStrip1™ Test Strip with the following blood glucose meters - OneTouch®Ultra®, OneTouch®Ultra2®, OneTouch® UltraMini® and One-Touch® UltraSmart®.

NCCLS EP5-A Precision Test   
NCCLS EP6-A Linearity Test   
IS0 15971 Hematocrit Test   
D ISO 15971 and EP7-A2 Interference Tests   
] ISO 15971 System Accuracy Evaluation   
ISO 15971 and ISO 5725-1 Comparison Test   
ISO 15971 Altitude Test   
Volume Verification Study   
EN 13640 Operation Conditions Tests for Test Strip   
EN 13640 Storage Conditions Test for Test Strip   
ISO 15971 Control Solution test   
ISO 159712 and IS0 5725-1 User Evaluation   
Error Code Comparison Tests

Clinical Studies No clinical studies were conducted.

; Conclusion Based on the Predicate Product Comparison Table of similaritis, standard and FDA guidance tests and study results Unitrip Tehnologies, LC concludes that o new issues of safety and effective have ben raised in this original 510(k) submission for the UniStrip1™ Test Strips to be used with the OneTouch®Ultra®, OneTouch®Ultra2®, OneTouch® UltraMini® and One-Touch® UltraSmart® blood glucose meters purchased before October 2012.

# November 6, 2013

UniStrip Technologies, LLC Richard Admani Chief Operations Officer 2701-A Hutchison McDonald Rd. CHARLOTTE. NC 28269

Re: K113135 Trade/Device Name: UniStrip 1 Test Strip Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: November 01, 2013 Received: November 04, 2013

Dear Mr. Admani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—Mr. Admani

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblemn/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.hum.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K113135

Device Name: UniStripl Test Strip

Indications for Use:

The Unistripl Test Strips are used with the OneTouch® Ultra®, OneTouch®Ultra2. OneTouch UltraMini® and One-Touch® UltraSmart® meters purchased before October 2012, set at calibration code 49, for measuring glucose (sugar) in whole capillary blood. The Unistripl is meant for self-testing of blood glucose as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

They are for single patient use only and should not be shared.

They are used to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples taken from the finger, palm, or forearm.

Testing is done outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use).

They are indicated for use by people with diabetes in their home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control.

Not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates.

UniStripl Test Strips allow alternate site testing (AST) from the fingertip, palm and/or the forearm. (Use of palm AST is not to be done with OneTouch®Ultra® meter). Alternative site testing should only be done during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

Prescription Use AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use _ X (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# Stayce Beck

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health