# 510(k) Summary (as required by section 807.92(c).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sponsor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LifeScan Europe, a Division of Cilag GmbHInternationalLandis and Gyr Strasse 1Zug, Switzerland 6300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Correspondent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nadine Nasr, Regulatory Project ManagerLifeScan, Inc.1000 Gibraltar DriveMilpitas, California 95035Phone: 408-956-4079, 408-942-5906Email: nnasr@its.jnj.comAlternate 510(k) Contact:Yvonne Middlefell, Director Regulatory AffairsLifeScan Scotland LtdBeechwood Business Park NorthInverness, Scotland IV2 3EDUnited KingdomPhone: 44 01463 721250Mobile: 44 (0) 7900 138 650Fax: 44 01463 722000Email: ymiddlef@its.jnj.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">07th Feb 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose MonitoringSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Meters andOnéTouch Verio Test Strips are Class II devices (21CFR § 862.1345), Product Code NBW, LFR</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OneTouch® Verio™ Sync Blood GlucoseMonitoring System consists of the OneTouch® Verio"Sync Blood Glucose Meter, OneTouch® Verio™ TestStrips, OneTouch® Verio™ Level 3 and Level 4Control Solutions, Lancing Device and SterileLancets. The OneTouch® Verio™ Sync Blood GlucoseMonitoring System measures the glucose content of ablood sample by means of an electrical currentproduced in the test strip and sent to the meter formeasurement.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Verio Blood Glucose Monitoring System(K093745, cleared on February 11, 2011)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OneTouch Verio Sync Blood GlucoseMonitoring System (BGMS) is intended to be usedfor the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) infresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from thefingertip. The system is intended to be used by asingle person and should not be shared.The OneTouch Verio Sync BGMS is intended for selftesting outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) bypeople with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control. The OneTouchVerio Sync BGMS should not be used for thediagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonataluse.The OneTouch Verio Test Strips are for use with theOneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Meter toquantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

<table><tr><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison to Predicate Device</td><td>The Subject device is different from the predicate device for the following aspects: Meter: shape/size, ergonomic design, simplified user interface, wireless communication with the OneTouch Reveal Diabetes Management Application and a rechargeable battery. Test Strip principle of operation, materials of construction, design of strip or electrodes, and they are identical to the test strips in the OneTouch® Verio&quot; Blood Glucose Monitoring System, K093745. The OneTouch® Verio™ Control Solutions composition and functional performance are also the same as those cleared in the OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System, K093745. However, changes were made to the labeling provided with those components of the system at the request of the Food and Drug Administration during review of the OneTouch Verio IQ 510(k) Submission, K110637. There are some differences in the intended use, specifically around alternate site testing and the removal of the indication for forearm or palm testing. The OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring</td></tr></table>

LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

<table><tr><td>Technological Characteristics</td><td>fingertip testing is indicated for this system.</td></tr><tr><td>Summary of Performance</td><td>There has been no change to the fundamental scientific technology, which is amperometric detection. The operating principle remains electrochemical reaction. The OneTouch® Verio&quot; Sync Blood Glucose</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Monitoring System (meter, strips, and control solutions) was tested in accordance with ISO 15197:2003(E). Analytical performance testing included system accuracy, repeatability, intermediate precision and linearity testing. A user performance evaluation assessed accuracy of results and usability of the device in the hands of intended users. The OneTouch® Verio™ Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System performed similarly to both the predicate device as well as to a laboratory reference method, the Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI).</td></tr></table>

# System Accuracy

A comparison of system accuracy performance demonstrated that the OneTouch® Verio™ Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the OneTouch® Verio™ Blood Glucose Monitoring System are substantially equivalent.

# System Accuracy Results for Glucose Concentrations $\mathrm { < 7 5 ~ m g / d L }$

Number (and percent) of meter results that match the laboratory test

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15 mg/dLi</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/57 (70%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55/57 (96%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57/57 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# System Accuracy Results for Glucose Concentrations $\ge 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Number (and percent) of meter results that match the laboratory test

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174/243 (72%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235/243 (97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242/243 (99.59%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243/243 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Total Precision

(600 Control Solution Tests)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose LevelRanges(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Glucose(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Deviation(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient ofVariation (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low (38-62)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.27</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid (102-138)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High (298-403)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>335.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86</td></tr></table>

# User Performance Evaluation

Subject Fngertip Results or Glucose Concentrations $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Subject Fingertip Results for Glucose Concentrations $\geq 7 5 { \mathrm { ~ m g / d L } }$   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5/23 (22%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/23 (65%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22/23 (96%)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>..Within ±10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±15%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>141/250 (56%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219/250 (88%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242/250 (97%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248/250 (99%)</td></tr></table>

Design verification and validation testing confirmed that the performance, safety, and effectiveness of the OneTouch® Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System was equivalent to hat of the predicate device. The OneTouch® Veri Sync Meter also met recoized electrical and safety standards.

# Conclusions

The OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent in its intended use, performance, safety, effectiveness and underlying scientific and operating principles used to the predicate, the OneTouch Verio Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K093745, 2/11/11).

February 7, 2013

Cilag GMBH International   
c/o Nadine Nasr, Regulatory Project Manager Lifescan, Inc.   
1000 Gibraltar Drive   
Milpitas, CA 95035

Re: k120708 Trade/Device Name: OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: January 09, 2013 Received: January 30, 2013

Dear Ms. Nasr:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassifiedn ccordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,Drug and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specifiç advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k120708

Device Name: OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The OneTouch Verio Sync BGMS is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The OneTouch Verio Sync BGMS should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

The OneTouch Verio Test Strips are for use with the OneTouch Verio Sync Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.