# Special 510(k) SUMMARY

A summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Submitter Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ortho Clinical Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 Indigo Creek Drive, Rochester, NY 14626, USA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phone number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(585) 453-4041</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fax number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(585) 453-3368</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EstablishmentRegistration Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1319809</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name of contactperson</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marlene A. Hanna</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">February 24, 2012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Name of device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade or proprietaryname</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common or usualname</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HDL Cholesterol assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipoprotein test system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1475</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LBS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legally marketed device(s)to which equivalence isclaimed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slide (modified) are substantiallyequivalent to the VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slides (current slide).The FDA cleared the VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slides on October26, 2004 (k042006).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for 510(k)submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Special 510(k) for a modification to own device which does not include a changein intended use or fundamental technology. Each modified VITROS dHDL Slide willhave 30% less ingredients compared to the current VITROS dHDL. Sllde as a resultof a smaller surface area. Since the reduction in ingredients per slide is due to asmaller surface area, the concentration of ingredients of the modified slide will beunchanged compared to the current slide. The device modification results in areduction in the sample volume required per test from 10 µL per test to 6 μL per test.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITROS dHDL assay is performed using the VITROS Chemistry ProductsdHDL Slide and the VITROS Chemistry Products Calibrator Kit 25 on the VITROSChemistry Systems. The VITROS dHDL Slide is a multi-layered analytical elementcoated on a polyester support. The method is based on a non-HDl precipitationmethod followed by an enzymatic detection. All reactions necessary for a singlequantitative measurement of HDLC take place within the multi-layered analyticalelement of a VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slide. A drop of sample fluid ismetered onto the slide and a reaction occurs which ultimately generates a coloreddye. The density of dye fomed is proportional to the HDL Cholesterol concentrationpresent in the sample and is measured by reflectance spectrophotometry.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended use of the device</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use only. ViTROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slides are usedto quantitatively measure HDL cholesterol (HDLC) concentration in serum andplasma uslng VITROS 250/350/950/5,1 FS and 4600 Chemistry Systems and theVITROS 5600 Integrated System. High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol isused to evaluate the risk of developing coronary heart disease (CHD). The risk ofCHD increases with lower HDL cholesterol concentrations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Indications for use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol is used to evaluate the risk of developingcoronary heart disease (CHD). The risk of CHD increases with lower HDLcholesterol concentrations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Summary of the technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">New Device[ Modified VITROS dHDLSlide]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate [VITROS dHDL Slide][k042006]</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use only.VITROS Chemistry ProductsdHDL Slides are used toquantitatively measure HDLcholesterol (HDLC) concentrationin serum and plasma usingVITROS 250/350/950 and 5,1 FSand 4600 Chemistry Systems andthe VITROS 5600 IntegratedSystem. High Density Lipoprotein(HDL) cholesterol is used toevaluate the risk of developingcoronary heart disease (CHD).The risk of CHD increases withlower HDL cholesterolconcentrations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fundamental technology</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dry, multilayered slide utilizingmethod based on a non-HDLprecipitation method followed byenzymatic detection, measuredby reflectance spectrophotometry.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume Required</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS 250/350/950 and 5,1 FSand 4600 Chemistry Systems andthe VITROS 5600 IntegratedSystem.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration of dHDLSlide Reactive Ingredientsper Slide (test)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Emulgen B-66 0.7 mg;phosphotungstic acid 0.3 mg;magnesium chloride 0.2 mg.cholesterol oxidase(Cellulomonas, E.C.1.1.3.6) 0.8 U;cholesterol ester hydrolase(Candida rugosa, E.C.3.1.1.3) 1.2U: peroxidase (horseradish root,E.C.1.11.1.7) 2.2 U; and 2- (3,5-dimethoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-bis-(4-dimethylaminophenyl)imidazole (leuco dye) 0.02 mg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amount of dHDL SlideReactive Ingredients perSlide (test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Emulgen B-66 0.63 mg: phosphotungsticacid 0.27 mg; magnesium chloride 0.15mg, cholesterol oxidase (Cellulomonas,E.C.1.1.3.6). 0.72 U; cholesterol esterhydrolase (Candida rugosa, E.C.3.1.1.3)1.10 U; peroxidase (horseradish root,E.C.1.11.1.7) 2.0 U; and 2: (3,5-dimethoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-bis-(4-dimethylaminophenyl) imidazole (leucodye) 0.018 mg. </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Emulgen B-66 0.90 mg:phosphotungstic acid 0.38 mg;magnesium chloride 0.22 mg.cholesterol oxidase(Cellulomonas, E.C.1.1.3.6) 1.0 U;cholesterol ester hydrolase(Candida rugosa, E.C.3.1:1.3) 1.56 U; peroxidase (horseradishroot, E.C.1.11.1.7) 2.82 U; and 2-(3,5-dimethoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-bis-(4-dimethylaminophenyl)imidazole (leuco dye) 0.026 mg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0 - 110.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM NON-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL DATA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">The information presented in the premarket notification provides a reasonable assurance that the VITROSChemistry Products HDSlides modified) for se with human serum and plasma is substantially euivalentto the predicate (unmodified VITROS dHDL Slide) and is safe and effective for the stated intended use.</td></tr></table>

November 26, 2012

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Marlene Hanna 100 Indigo Creek Drive Rochester, NY 14626-5101

Re: k120609 Trade Name: VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slides Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 4 7 5$ Regulation Name: Lipoprotein Test System Regulatory Class: Class I, meets limitations of exemption 862.9 (c)(4) Product Codes: LBS Dated: August 9, 2012 Received: August 10, 2012

Dear Ms. Hanna:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of September 7, 2012.

We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97).For questions regarding the reporting ofadverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson

for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and   
Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (f known): 1206a

Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slides

Indication For Use: For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products dHDL Slides are used to quantitatively measure HDL cholesterol (HDLC) concentration in serum and plasma using VITROS 250/350/950/5,I FS and 4600 Chemistry Systems and the VITROS 5600 Integrated System. High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol is used to evaluate the risk of developing coronary heart disease (CHD). The risk of CHD increases with lower HDL cholesterol concentrations.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Rl cb

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety

510(k) K1201009

Page 1 of 1