# 510 K summary

OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application Confidential and Proprietary Information

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sponsor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LifeScan Europe, a Division of Cilag GmbHInternationalLandis and Gyr Strasse 1Zug, Switzerland 6300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Correspondent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Andrea M. TaskerDirector, Regulatory AffairsLifescan Inc.200 Lawrence DriveWest Chester, PA 19380Phone: 610-651-7282Fax:  610-651-7271atasker@its.inj.comAlternate 510(k) Contact:Amy Smith, WW Director Regulatory Affairs200 Lawrence DriveWest Chester, PA 19380Phone: 484-568-1257Email: asmith21@its.jnj.com</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OneTouch Reveal Diabetes Management Application</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diabetes Management Software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW - system, test, blood glucose, over the counter862.1345 Glucose test system. Class IIJQP - Calculator/data processing module for clinicaluse862.2100 Calculator/data processing module forclinical use. Class I subject to limiations 862.9 (c)(5)For use in diabetes management</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes ManagementApplication (App) is a diabetes management tool thatcan help you determine what your blood glucose testresults mean. This allows you and your health careprofessional to better monitor and adjust your diabetescare plan. The App is designed to work in conjunctionwith the OneTouch® VerioTM Sync Meter. Using theBluetooth® feature on your meter and Apple® device,blood sugar test results can be sent directly from yourmeter to the App. Once a blood sugar result is sent tothe App you can:Tag the blood sugar result with a meal flag,Receive Low and High Pattern messages,Add carbs, activity, medication data and Notesabout your activities,Manually enter other blood sugar test results,Review results on graphs,Share your blood sugar results with others forreview and follow-up, andSet reminders to prompt you to completecertain tasks.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiabetesManager® System, WellDoc, Inc. (K100066)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes ManagementApplication is a software accessory to the OneTouch®Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System, and isintended for use in the home setting by people withdiabetes. It is intended to aid in the review, analysis,and evaluation of patient data to support diabetesmanagement. The OneTouch® Reveal DiabetesManagement Application receives (from both manual</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison to Predicate Device</td><td>entry and wireless transmission), stores, and sends patient data for display and reporting. The OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application also communicates with web-based applications. The OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application is available for use on commercially-available mobile devices and uses generally-available networks and communication protocols. The OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Application incorporates similar technology and functionality provided by the DiabetesManager System including; Capture, storage and transmission of patient data; Analysis and reporting of blood glucose results to aid in blood glucose management; Entry of diabetes related information to aid in diabetes self-management; Unlike the predicate, the OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application has a software feature that alerts users to low and high blood glucose patterns.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>This software feature has also been implemented on another cleared LifeScan blood glucose meter, the OneTouch Verio IQ Blood Glucose Meter, K110637.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Confidential and Proprietary Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Technological Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6"></td><td>The OneTouch® Reveal™M Application is designed to run under Apple iOS 4+ operating systems on the following devices: iPhone 4 and iPhone 3GS</td></tr><tr><td>iPod Touch 3rd and 4th Gen iPad 1 st and 2nd Gen The App stores blood glucose test results, events and</td></tr><tr><td>user settings. The App's memory capacity is 2500 blood glucose results and events; and is limited to a maximum of 1 year of results and events. In addition to receiving blood glucose measurement</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Summary: Allows the user to view results in summary in the following ways: 14-day Glucose Report, last meter "Sync" results and patterns, "Today" results &amp; events. Logbook: Allows the user to view results by date and time-slot, 14-day graph, time-of-day graph. Pattern Recognition: Alerts the user of Low patterns and Before-Meal High patterns detected in the last 14-days and allows review of those patterns and their details. More: Allows the user to personalize/customize the App through the following: "About Me" personal settings, "General" application options, "Reminders", "Help", and "Contact OneTouch" information.</td></tr></table>

# LifeScan Europe, a Div. of Cilag GmbH International

<table><tr><td>Summary of Performance Characteristics</td><td>Full verification and validation testing of the OneTouch® Reveal™ Diabetes Management Application software was performed in accordance with the FDA Guidance Document &#x27;General Principles of Software Validation (2002)&#x27;. A user performance evaluation study was conducted to validate the OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application. Human Factors Formative Usability studies were also conducted to evaluate the usability of the OneTouch Reveal Diabetes Management Application and to inform final design of the product.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusions

The OneTouch Reveal Diabetes Management Application is substantially equivalent in its intended use, performance, safety, effectiveness and underlying scientific and operating principles used to the predicate, the DiabetesManager $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ System, WellDoc, Inc. (K100066).

# February 7, 2013

Lifescan, Inc.   
c/o Andrea M. Tasker   
Director, Regulatory Affairs 200 Lawrence Drive   
Mailstop C-5-1   
West Chester, PA 19380

Re: k120558 Trade/Device Name: OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Reveal Diabetes Management Application Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: January 22, 2013 Received: January 24, 2013

Dear Ms. Tasker:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k120558

Device Name: OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application

Indications for Use:

The OneTouch $\otimes$ Reveal Diabetes Management Application is a software accessory to the OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Verio Sync Blood Glucose Monitoring System, and is intended for use in the home setting by people with diabetes. It is intended to aid in the review, analysis, and evaluation of patient data to support diabetes management. The OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Reveal Diabetes Management Application receives (from both manual entry and wireless transmission), stores, and sends patient data for display and reporting. The OneTouch® Reveal Diabetes Management Application also communicates with web-based applications. The OneTouch $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Reveal Diabetes Management Application is available for use on commercially-available mobile devices and uses generally-available networks and communication protocols

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)