# 510(k) Summary

According to the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ , the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Company:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Division:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Street Address:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1360 South Loop Road</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>City, State Zip:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone No:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-749-5400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax No:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-864-4791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Arul Sterlin;Tel No. 510-864-4310;Fax No. 510-864-4791;arul.sterlin@abbott.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClassificationName:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System, test, blood glucose, over the counter, Glucose, Class II (21 CFR§862.1345)Product codes: NBW;Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose, Class II (21 CFR§ 862.1345)Product codes: LFR;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k111874)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LegalManufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Establishment:Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.1360 South Loop Rd.Alameda, CA 94502Registration Number: 2954323</td></tr></table>

# Indications For Use:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip.

# Description of the Device:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter, in conjunction with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Test Strips works on the principal of coulometric biosensor technology, measuring glucose by its reaction with Glucose Dehydrogenase (GDH) in blood samples or control solutions, through electrochemical mediation.

The device automatically logs blood glucose results and other events to create a customized logbook. The FreeStyle InsuLinx System has a large touch screen and a user interface designed for an easy user experience.

Patient and Healthcare Professionals can pre-program audible and visual reminders for blood glucose testing, or other individual needs.

Weekly messages feature assist the patient in identifying patterns in their blood glucose results. Using a rolling report, the measured glucose values are summarized according to the proportion within, above, or below the predetermined target range entered by the patient or HCP. These results are displayed in a simple graphical format and include a count of the tests performed. An additional algorithm compares the prevailing blood glucose levels during the preceding week with simple messages relating to achievement versus target glucose levels.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx System has 'plug and play' software that automatically installs on a computer without the need for a CD or internet access (via the meter's USB port and a provided cable). It also provides access to the structured reports for both the healthcare professionals and patients.

The FreeStyle Auto-Assist software produces six different reports to facilitate discussion between patients and their health care professionals in the review, analysis, and evaluation of historical blood glucose test results to support an effective diabetes management program. The software also shows trends in blood glucose data in both graphical and text format for guided interpretation.

The Snapshot Report is a general summary of the data for a specified date range. The Modal Day Report shows the daily patterns of blood glucose levels over a specified date range The Logbook Report is a table of blood glucose for each day in the specified date range. The Daily Statisties Report provides an overview of blood glucose over the date range in a series of charts and tables. The Meal Event Averages Report compares the before and after meal blood glucose level averages for the morning, mid-day and evening times over the specified date rang . . The Meter Settings Report shows current meter settings.

These reports provide detailed information on glucose monitoring, and are designed to enable healthcare professionals and patients to assess the effectiveness of diabetes management and then plan appropriate changes to therapy regimens.

# Principles of Operation:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter (in conjunction with FreeStyle InsuLinx blood glucose test strips) utilizes coulometric biosensor technology to quantitatively measure the glucose concentration in whole blood samples and in FreeStyle Control Solutions.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter measures glucose electrochemically. The glucose biosensor is capable of recognizing the glucose present in whole blood or control solutions by virtue of the glucose specificity of the enzyme glucose dehydrogenase (GDH) present on the glucose test strip. The electrons liberated by this reaction are transferred via a co-factor and mediator to the meter where they are read as a small electrical current. The current is integrated over the analysis time to generate charge which is directly proportional to the level of the glucose in the applied sample.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter does not require calibration prior to use with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Test Strips. The device is prepared for use by inserting a FreeStyle InsuLinx test strip in the test strip port. Upon strip insertion, the meter will turn on automatically and perform a display check. The 'apply blood' message is displayed for the user to apply blood to the test strip until the meter begins the test. Blood detect will occur when the meter detects trigger current from the test strip, when enough blood has covered the strip electrodes. Following the blood detect, the meter performs the glucose assay measurement.

# Description of Modification:

The basis for this submission, is to include the FreeStyle Lancing Device and Lancets in the FreeStyle InsuLinx System Kit, which is packaged with the following components and accessories listed below.

FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter 10 cn vial  FreeStyle InsuLix Test Strips (may e sold separately) FreeStyle Auto-Assist software (resides in the FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter)

Carrying Case   
Owner's Booklet   
Quick Start Guide   
USB Cable   
(H FreeStyle Control Solutions (may be obtained by contacting Customer Service)

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The similarities between the modified FreeStyle InsuLinx System and the predicate are highlighted below:

<table><tr><td>PRODUCT NAME</td><td>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood (k111874)</td><td>Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>Modified FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td>CHARACTERISTICS Indications for Use</td><td></td><td>The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRODUCT NAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Monitoring System(k111874)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">should not be used for thediagnosis of or screening for.diabetes or for neonatal use.The FreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Test Strips are foruse with the FreeStyleInsuLinx Blood GlucoseMeter to quantitativelymeasure glucose in capillarywhole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertip.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NBW, LFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FundamentalTechnology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter(in conjunction with bloodglucose test strips) utilizescoulometric biosensortechnology to quantitativelymeasure the glucoseconcentration in whole bloodsamples and in FreeStyleControl Solutions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GDH-FAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood &amp; capillary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Sites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Finger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement GlucoseRange        00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 to 500 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter OperatingHumidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 to 90% Relative Humidity,Non-Condensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-4°F to 140°F (-20°C to+60)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">At glucose levels below75mg/dL average SD is ≤5mg/dL and at glucose levels≥ 75mg/dL average CV is ≤5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95% of results should fallwithin ± 15mg/dL of thecomparative method results atglucose concentrations &lt;</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same .</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PRODUCT NAME</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Monitoring System4  M(k111874)    </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Modified FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose MonitoringASystem            .</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75mg/dL and within ±20% atglucose concentrations ≥ 75mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Super SpeedyAlgorithm (5 seconds)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Double Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter OperatingTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40°F to 104°F (4°C to 40°C)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter OperatingPressure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 10000 feet (3048meters)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15% - 65%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data ManagementS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FreeStyle Auto-Assistsoftware</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Application SoftwareH. </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software running on the meterprovides the User with anElectronic Logbook, DataManagement and DiabetesManagementTools</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">average 5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No coding required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microprocessor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Preferencesw.-iv.         : :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The device lets the user set:Time and Date ChangesTime and Date FormatsAudible AlertPersonalized test screenWeekly Message glucoserangesPersonalized notes andreminders</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary StatisticElements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Snapshot ReportModal Day ReportLogbook ReportDaily Statistics ReportMeal Event AveragesReportMeter Settings ReportWeekly messages</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Communications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">"Plug and Play" device set-up</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>PRODUCT NAME</td><td></td><td></td><td>FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k111874)</td><td>Modified FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>screen that enables configuration of the device through the PC</td><td></td></tr></table>

The differences between the modified FreeStyle InsuLinx System and the predicate are highlighted below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRODUCT NAME100.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinx BloodGlucose Monitoring System(k111874)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modified FreeStyle InsuLinxBlood Glucose MonitoringSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTICS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accessories2:               s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FreeStyle InsuLinxMeter10 count vial ofFreeStyle InsuLinx Test Strips(may be sold separately)FreeStyle Auto-Assistsoftware (resides in theFreeStyle InsuLinx Meter)(D)Carrying Case(E)Owner&#x27;s Booklet(F)Quick Start Guide()  USB CableHFreeStyle ControlSolutions (may be obtained bycontacting Customer Service)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(A)Same(B)Same(C)Same(D)Same(E)Same(F)Same(G)Same(H) Same(I)FreeStyle Lancing Device(J) FreeStyle Lancets</td></tr></table>

Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. c/o Arul Sterlin 1360 South Loop Rd. Alameda, California 94502

Re: k120568 Trade Name: FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: February 24, 2012 Received: February 29, 2012

Dear Mr. Sterlin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2L

Coupney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k120568

Device Name: FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes or for neonatal use.

The FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the FreeStyle InsuLinx Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip.

And/Or

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)

Qntl chl

Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety