# 5. 510(k) Summary

K121027

Ty isseiane of 21 CFR 807.92

# Applicant:

Diamond Diagnostics Inc 333 Fiske Street Holliston MA 01746

# Contact Person:

Kathy Cruz Quality Assurance Manager Phone: (508) 429-0450 ext. 358 Fax: (508) 429-0452

# Date Prepared:

10/25/2012

# Classification Name:

Calibrator, secondary

Trade Name:

Diamond Diagnostics ATAC 8000/Envoy 500 ISE calibrators

Device Classification:

21 CFR 862.1150

# Device Class:

Class II

# Classification Panel:

Clinical Chemistry

Product Code:

JIT

# Intended Use:

Diamond Diagnostics ATAC 8000/Envoy 500 ISE calibrators are intended to provide calibration points for the $N a +$ $\mathsf { K } +$ , Cl-, and CO2 electrodes on the ATAC 8000 and Envoy 500 instruments.

# Description of Device:

Diamond Diagnostics ATAC 8000/Envoy 500 ISE Calibrators are intended to serve as a direct replacement to ATAC 8000/Envoy 500 ISE Calibrators.

Diamond Calibrator Low consists of an aqueous buffered solution of electrolytes and preservative in De-ionized water. It contains NO human or animal products. It is a liquid packaged in a 22ml screw top amber vial. Each vial contains $2 0 ~ \mathfrak { m } |$ of solution.

Diamond Calibrator High consists of an aqueous buffered solution of electrolytes and preservative in De-ionized water. It contains NO human or animal products. It is a liquid packaged in a 22ml screw top amber vial. Each vial contains ${ 2 0 } \ m |$ of solution.

Each calibrator is comprised of the following concentrations of analytes,

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISECalibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nammol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>clmmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CO2mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BT-6620943D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92 ± 2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.05 ± 0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78 ± 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11±1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BT-6620944D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162 ± 1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2 ± 0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126 ± 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.5 ± 1</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device:

Predicate 510(k) number(s):

K945271

Comparison with predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diamond ATAC 8000/Envoy 500 ISECalibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATAC 8000 ISECalibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K121027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K945271</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BT-6620943D ISE Low CalibratorBT-6620944D ISE High CalibratorBT-6620940D (Kit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347240 ISE LowCalibrator347240 ISE HighCalibrator347-240 (Kit)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in-vitro diagnostics use to providecalibration points for the Na*, K*, Cland CO2 electrodes on the ATAC 8000instrument having an ISE Module</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous buffered solution of salts &amp;preservatives in De-ionized water.Contains NO human or animalmaterials.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging, Vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glass Vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Packaging, Product</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Box Level,2x20mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2x6x20mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18-25C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life for BT-6620943D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf Life for BT-620944D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

# Stability:

Accelerated (high temperature) stress test was conducted to support stability claim.Heat stressed reagents showed that calibrator parameters remained within specification thereby demonstrating stability equivalent to ATAC 8000 calibrators.

# Traceability:

Al testing for analytes were conducted using Standards prepared from NIST salts. Testing was alsc conducted using reference methods.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Used for Determination ofAnalyte Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Used</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na, K</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST 919a, 918a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IL 943 (Flame Photometry)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST 919a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corning 925, SAT-500 SaltAnalyzer, (Titrimetric)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST 351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hitachi 912, Olympus-BeckmanCX-7</td></tr></table>

Expected Values (Controls, Calibrators, or Methods),

Target values, (or specifications) were obtained by testing reagents analytically prior to bottling adjusting if necessary to meet specifications, testing analytically during the bottling process and prior to release to stock for distribution.

# Conclusion:

Based on the results submitted in this pre market notification Diamond ATAC 8000 ISE Calibrators are substantially equivalent to the ATAC 8000 ISE Calibrators in Composition, Intended use. Packaging, and Storage for the measurement of ${ N a } ^ { + }$ $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ Cr, and $C O _ { 2 }$

# December 20, 2012

Diamond Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Kathy Cruz   
333 Fiske Street   
Holliston, MA 01746

Re: k121027 Trade/Device Name: ATAC 8000/Envoy 500 ISE Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: October 25, 2012 Received: October 26, 2012

Dear Ms. Cruz:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2—Ms. Cruz

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol Ci Benson fa.

Courtney H. Lias   
Director,   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k121027

Device Name: Diamond Diagnostics ATAC 8000/ Envoy 500 ISE calibrators

Indications for Use:

Diamond Diagnostics Calibrators for ATAC 8000 and Envoy 500 instruments are intended to provide calibration points for the ${ { \bf { N } } { \bf { a } } ^ { + } }$ $\mathbf { K } ^ { + }$ ,Cl' and $\mathbf { C O } _ { 2 }$ electrodes on the ATAC 8000 and Envoy 500 instruments.