# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) number is: K121823

Submitter Address Phone number Fax number

ELITechGroup Wescor ("Wescor")   
370 W 1700 S, L0gan, UT 84321 USA   
435-752-6011   
435-752-4127

Contact Alternat Contact

Dawn T. Perdue (Email: d.perdue@elitechgroup.com) Dennis Briscoe, (d.briscoe@elitechgroup.com

Date of Preparation

Thursday, March 21, 2013

# Device name:

Trade/proprietary Name:

# ChloroChek Chloridometer test system (containing;) CHLOROCHEK™Chloridometer® CHLOROCHEK™ Reagent Set

Common or Usual Name:

Clinical chloride analyzer, Chloride test system, Sweat Chloride Analyzer, Chloridometer $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ , chloride coulometric

Regulatory:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 § 862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride test system</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(75) Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 § 862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I, reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(75) Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# Establishment Information:

The establishment registration number for ELITechGroup Wescor USA is 1717966.   
The owner operator. number for ELITechGroup North America (Wescor, Logan, UT, USA) is 1717966.

# Predicate device:

<table><tr><td>Predicate Instrument</td><td>510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td>Buchler Instruments (Labconco), Chloridometer®.</td><td>K760394</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Substantial Equivalence:</td><td>The Wescor CHLOROCHEK™ Chloridometer® test system (Model 3400 with associated reagent set (SS-248), is an in vitro diagnostic device which has been developed by Gonotec in Germany and is currently being OEM by. ELITechGroup Wescor. It has been demonstrated that the CHLOROCHEK™ Chloridometer® test system is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Buchler Instruments, Chloridometer® (now owned by Labconco) cleared under K760394.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Wescor ChloroChek ™ Reagent Set (SS-248) contains (a) ChloroChek ™ Acid Buffer solution, a stabilizer (SS-248ABS). (b) ChloroChek ™ Gelatin solution (SS-248GS), and (c) Wescor Standard solution 100mmol/L NaCl/H2O, (SS-251) which is used during the conditioning phase.</td></tr></table>

# Device description:

The CHLOROCHEK™ Chloridometer $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ test system includes the ChloroChek Chloridometer analyzer and the ChloroChek Reagent Set. The system is for in-vitro diagnostics intended to measure the level of chloride in human sweat. It is a bench top chloride titrator for laboratory determinations of chloride concentrations.

# Performance Standards:

To date, no performance standards that affect this device have been finalized under Section 514 of the Act.

# Intended Use:

See Indications for Use

# Indications for Use:

The Wescor ChloroChck Chloridometer test system is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of chloride in human sweal using the principle of coulometric titration. Sweat chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis of Cystic Fibrosis. It is for use in Clinical Laboratory settings. The Wescor ChloroChek Chloridometer test system consists of the ChloroChck Chloridometer and the ChloroChek Reagent Set.

The ChloroChek Reagent Set (SS-248), is to be used on the ChloroChek. It is used as the titration matrix during the titration process.

The $\mathrm { 1 0 0 m m o l / L N a C l / H _ { 2 } O }$ Standard Solution (SS-251), is to be used on the ChloroChek. It is used as a calibration verifier, and quality control solution.

The Wescor Sweat Controls (SS-150), levels #1, #2, and #3, are to be used on the ChloroChek. They are used as quality control solutions.

# Comparison to Predicate device:

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Difference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WescorCHLOROCHEK™ Chloridometer®test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceBuchler Instruments, (Labconco)Digital Chloridometer®</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Samples of human sweat</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual lists sweat, serum, plasma, andurine.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 uL on LOW range setting100 uL on HIGH range setting</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On board stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No on board storage.Working solution in open container re-placed each session at least daily.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No on board storage.Working solution good for eight hours atroom temperature.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration of instrumentFrequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factory calibrated. Calibration is notrequired by the user. Return the instru-ment for service if the following occurs:Not able to condition even afterelectrodes have been cleaned andor replaced.2) Correct quality control valueswhile using Sweat Control Solu-tions (SS-150) are not achieved.Conditioning and control steps are per-formed whenever the WORKINGSOLUTION is replaced and thus 24hrs.See manual for specific procedure.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Factory calibrated and users can adjust iferror exceeds specifications.Conditioning and control is conductedeach day.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">y=.9992x + 0.87542}= 0.9886range tested (non-spiked and spiked): 8.0to 642 U/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">y=0.99x +1.01 U/L$^{2}=0.9966range: 3.70 to 671.80 U/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WescorCHLOROCHEK™M Chloridometer®test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceBuchler Instruments, (Labconco)Digital Chloridometer®</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use/Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Wescor ChloroChek Chloridometer testsystem is intended for the quantitative in vitrodiagnostic determination of chloride in humansweat using the principle of coulometric titra-tion. Sweat chloride measurements are used inthe diagnosis of Cystic Fibrosis. It is for use inClinical Laboratory settings. The WescorChloroChek Chloridometer test system con-sists of the ChloroChek Chloridometer and theChloroChek Reagent Set.The ChloroChek Reagent Set (SS-248), is tobe used on the ChloroChek. It is used as thetitration matrix during the titration process.The 100 mmol/L NaCl/H2O Standard Solution(SS-251), is to be used on the ChloroChek. Itis used as a calibration verifier, and qualitycontrol solution.The Wescor Sweat Controls (SS-150), levels#1, #2, and #3, are to be used on the Chloro-Chek. They are used as quality control solu-tions.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same,(Manual also lists plasma, serum, andurine.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">There is a ChloroChekTM Reagent Set whichcontains 1 bottle of ChloroChek™m GelatinSolution and 37 flasks of ChloroChekTM AcidBuffer Solution. The 1 bottle of ChloroChek™Gelatin Solution is dispensed equally into eachof the 37 flasks of ChloroChek™M Acid BufferSolution         make the WORKINGSOLUTION.Storage of ChloroChek™M Gelatin Solution isat 50-77°F (10-25°C). The ChloroChekTMGelatin Solution is stable until the expiry datestated on the label.Storage of the ChloroChek™ Acid BufferSolution is 50-86°F (10-30°C). The Chloro-ChekTm Acid Buffer Solution is stable untilthe expiry date stated on the label.Storage of the WORKING SOLUTION is 50-77°F (10-25°C).      The WORKINGSOLUTION is stable for 24 hours once pre-pared and must be prepared each day beforeuse with the ChloroChek™.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SimilarThere are two solutions supplied withtheir instrument.One is a singlebottle of ChloridometerT Acid Re-agent, which is a complete reagentsolution to which the sample is addedfor titration. Storage of this Chlori-dometer Acid Reagent is at roomtemperature, with an expiry date thatis printed on the bottle label, Thesecond solution supplied is a GelatinReagent which is combined with anAcid solution and can be used as asubstitute for the Acid Reagent. TheGelatin Reagent is stored at roomtemperature and expiration date isprinted on the bottle. The combinedGelatin Reagent plus the preparedacid solution can be stored underrefrigeration for up to six (6) monthsor kept al room temperature for eight(8)hours.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td colspan="2">Similarities </td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Predicate device Buchler Instruments, (Labconco) Digital Chiloridometer®</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHEOROChEstsystemondoneters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digital Chloridometer®</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Resolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mmol/L over 20 second measurement dura-tion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(Same)1 mEq/L over a 20 second measure-ment duration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solution appearance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Expected values of Cl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Infant (0-6 months)Normal range          ≤29 mmol/LIntermediate range 30-59 mmol/LIndicative of CF range ≥ 60 mmol/LBeyond Infancy (6 months-18 years)Normal range          ≤39 mmol/LIntermediate range  40-59 mmol/LIndicative of CF range ≥ 60 mmol/LAdults (&gt;18 years)*Normal range          ≤39 mmol/LIntermediate range40-59 mmol/LIndicative of CF range ≥ 60 mmol/L* Exact ranges for adults are not fully defined.See CLSI C34-A3 for more information.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mmol/L to 160 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TotalLow concentration (24mmol/L)CV=4.0%Medium concentration (49mmoll/L)CV=1.7%High concentration (100mmol/L)CV= 1.0%100 mmol/L standard solutionCV= 1.0%10mmol/L standard solutionCV= 5.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">not specified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cYanmaGlowb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Similarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WWescorCHLOROCHEK Chloridometer©®test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceBuchler Instruments, (Labconco)Digital Chloridometer®</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle of operation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric titration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limitation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halides (halogens) such as fluoride, bromide,or iodide will interfere and cause an elevatedreading. CLSI acknowledges this in the C34-A3 guideline. "In addition to chloride, otherhalides such as bromide and jodide are alsodetected using a Chloridometer. Therefore, if asweat sample contains other halides in addi-tion to chloride, they will be detected and canfalsely elevate the sweat chloride result."Halides may be present in lotions or creams,so it is important that the patients' skin isproperly cleaned prior to collecting the sweat.Refer to the CLSI C34-A3 guidelines forcleaning the skin prior to pilocarpine ionto-phoresis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

A precision study was performed using two instruments, two lots of reagents, three operators, over 10 days on the three sweat levels, the $1 0 0 \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ standard solution and a $1 0 \mathrm { \ m m o l / L }$ standard solution. The precision at the lower end of the measuring rangc, 10 $\mathrm { { m m o l } / L }$ standard solution, was tested by 3 operators on 2 instruments with 2 reagent lots over 10 days and measured to be SD $0 . 6 \mathrm { \ m m o l / L } ,$ EY $5 . 6 \%$ CV.

The linear range of the method $( 1 0 { - } 1 6 0 ~ \mathrm { m m o l / L } )$ is compatible with the measurement of normal and pathological samples and the precision performance meets acceptance criteria. Likewise, correlation studies versus the predicate device meet acceplancc criteria.

The data demonstrate the Wescor CHLOROCHEKTM Chloridometer $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ test system (analyzer (Model 3400 and associated ChloroChek Reagent Set (SS-248), [K121823], arc substantially equivalent to the predicate device cleared under K760394.

The data demonstrate that the system is appropriate for its intended use and does not raise new issues of safety or effectiveness.

# Page 5.6 of 5.6 pages

Wescor, Inc.. c/o Dawn T. Perdue 370 West 1700 South Logan, UT 84321

Re: k121823 Trade/Device Name: Wescor ChloroChek Chloridometer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1 170 Regulation Name: Chloride Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JFS, JJX Dated: January 31, 2013 Received: February 14, 2013

Dear Ms. Perdue:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml15809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803). please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htn.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indication for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): k121823

Device Name: Wescor ChloroChek Chloridometer

# Indication For Use:

The Wescor ChloroChek Chloridometer test system is intended for the quantitative in vitro diagnostic determination of chloride in human sweat using the principle of   
coulometric titration. Sweat chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis of Cystic Fibrosis. It is for use in Clinical Laboratory settings. The Wescor   
ChloroChek Chloridometer test system consists of the ChloroChek Chloridometer and the ChloroChek Reagent Set.

The ChloroChek Reagent Set (SS-248) is to be used on the ChloroChek. It is used as the titration matrix during the titration process.

The 100 mmol/L NaCl/H2O Standard Solution (SS-251), is to be used on the ChloroChek. It is used as a calibration verifier, and quality control solution.

The Wescor Sweat Controls (SS-150), levels #1, #2, and #3, are to be used on the ChloroChek. They are used as quality control solutions.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S