K121456

Date Prepared:

January $1 8 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ ,2013

Submitter:

ARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.   
5182 West $7 6 ^ { 1 \hbar }$ Street   
Minneapolis, MN 55439   
Establishment Registration Number: 1832816

# Contact Person:

Adam Ettl   
Associate Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Phone: (952) 646-3142   
Fax: (952) 646-3110   
Email: ettla@arkrayusa.com

# Device Name and Regulatory Information

Trade Name:

1. ARKRAY AUTIONTM HYBRID AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System   
2. AUTIONTM Control Solution   
3. Uriflet™M S 9HA Urinalysis Test Strips

Common Name:

1. Automated Urinalysis System (Class I, Class II), Automated Urine Particle Analyzer (Class II)   
2. Urinalysis Controls (Assayed and Unassayed) (Class 1, reserved)   
3. Urinalysis Test Strip

Table 1: Regulatory Information   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation:21 CFRSection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2900</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KQO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Urinalysis System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.5200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LKM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Counter, Urine Particle</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1660</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I,reserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urinalysis Controls (Assayed andUnassayed)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1340</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose (Urinary, Non-Quantitative)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.6550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood, Occult, Colormetric, In Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1785</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urobilinogen (Urinary Non-Quant.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ph (Urinary, Non-Quant.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketones (Urinary, Non-Quant.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JIR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protein or Albumin (Urinary, Non-Quant.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1115</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JJB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urinary Bilirubin &amp; Its Conjugates (Urinary,Non-Quant.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1510</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JMT</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrite (Urinary, Non-Quant.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">864.7675</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LJX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test, Urine Leukocyte</td></tr><tr><td>862.2900</td><td>JRE</td><td>Class I</td><td>Refractom nical Use</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Devices

AUTION MAX AX-4030 Urinalysis System (k093098)

SYSMEX UF1000i Automated Urine Particle Analyzer with Urinalysis WAM software (k080887)

Sysmex UF-II Control (k070910)

# Device Description

The AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 is a fully automated urine analysis system. The AU4050 contains a test strip chemistry urine analyzer also called the chemistry module (CHM) and a flow cytometry urine particle analyzer also called the flow cytometry module (FCM) together in a single integrated device. The CHM module analyzes the following parameters in urine: glucose, protein, bilirubin, urobilinogen, $\mathfrak { p H } _ { : }$ , blood, ketones, nitrite, leukocytes, specific gravity, turbidity, and color. The FCM module measures the following parameters in urine utilizing flow cytometry technology: Red Blood Cells, White Blood Cells, Epithelial Cells, Casts, and Bacteria. The FCM module flags for the presence of the following: Pathologic Casts, Crystals, Sperm, Small Round Cells, Yeast Like Cells and Mucus.

# Indications for Use

AUTION HYBRID™M AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System

The AUTION HYBRIDTM AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System contains a test strip chemistry urine analyzer and a flow cytometry urine particle analyzer together in a single integrated device. The test strip chemistry module (CHM) is an automated urine analyzer intended for the in vitro measurement of the following parameters: glucose, protein, bilirubin, urobilinogen, pH, blood, ketones, nitrite, leukocytes, specific gravity, turbidity, and color. The chemistry module is intended for use with the Uriflet™M S 9HA multi-parameter urine chemistry test strips. The flow cytometry module (FCM) is an automated urine particle analyzer intended to analyze the following parameters in urine samples: Red Blood Cells, White Blood Cells, Epithelial Cells, Casts, and Bacteria and flags the presence of the following: Pathologic Casts, Crystals, Sperm, Small Round Cells, Yeast Like Cells, and Mucus. The AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories.

AUTIONTM Control Solution

The AUTION Control Solution is intended for in vitro diagnostic use only for performing quality control procedures with the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 flow cytometry module.

# Uriflet S 9HA Urinalysis Test Strips

UrifletTM S 9HA is a urinalysis test strip with reagent pads for the determination of Glucose, Protein, Bilirubin, Urobilinogen, pH, Blood, Ketones, Nitrite, and Leukocytes. Uriflet S 9HA is for use with the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 only.

# Comparison to Predicate Devices

A comparison of the ARKRAY AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System to the predicate devices indicates the following similarities:

Same intended use . Same technological characteristics • Same operating principle Same design features

The comparison matrices presented below clearly demonstrate that the proposed AU-4050 device is substantially equivalent to the AX-4030 and UF-1000i devices; and the AUTION Control Solution is substantially equivalent to the UF-II Control with regard to the following important aspects:

Intended Use • Fundamental Technology • Perforance Specifications

TABLE 1 below is a comparison between the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analzer System and the AUTION MAX AX-4030 Urinalysis System (k093098) used for urine chemistry analysis.

TABLE 2 below is a comparison between the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analzer System and the Sysmex UF-1000i Urine Particle Analyzer with Urinalysis WAM software (k080887) used for urine sediment analysis.

TABLE 3 below is a comparison between the AUTION Control Solution and the Sysmex UF-II Control solutions used for quality control purposes on the FCM unit of the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TABLE 1Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AX-4030 (Predicate device-k093098)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU-4050 (proposeddevice</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated urine chemistry analyzer forthe in vitro measurement of urinechemistry analytes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementWavelength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">430, 500, 565, 635, 760 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating Principle:Spectrophotometery Test Strip: Dual-wavelength reflectance measurement(Single wavelength for BLD) S.G.:Reflection refractometry Color Tone:Light-transmission measurementTurbidity: Light-scattering measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Items</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU, PRO, BIL, URO, PH, BLD, KET,NIT, LEU, S.G, turbidity and color-tone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Reaction Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 60 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as AX-4030</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processing Speed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">225 samples/hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 samples/hr (CHMmode); 100 samples/hr(CHM + FCM mode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Large color liquid crystal display(320 x 240 dots)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IPU computer screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Output</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS-232C/Ethernet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supply Voltage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-240 VAC, 50/60 Hz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site Location</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For indoor use only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">530 (W) x 530 (D) x 530(H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 (W) x 720 (D) x720(H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical Layout</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Analyzer-Sampler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 41 kg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 120 kg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TABLE 2Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UF-1000i (Predicate device-k080887)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AU-4050 (proposeddevice</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated urine particle analyzer forthe in vitro measurement of urinesediments.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Wavelength</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The device utilizesSysmex flow cytometry using a redsemiconductor laser for analyzingorganized elements or urine. Particlecharacterization and identification isbased on detection of forward scatter,fluorescence, and adaptive clusteranalysis. The UF-1000i uses theaddition of a new bacteria channel andside scatter light signal.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Items</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RBC, WBC, Epithelial Cells, Cast, andBacteria and flags the presence of thefollowing: Pathologic Cast, Crystal,Sperm, Small Round Cell, Yeast likecell and Mucus.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip Reaction Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as AX-4030</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Processing Speed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 samples/hr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 samples/hr (CHMmode); 100 samples/hr(CHM + FCM mode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IPU computer screen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IPU computer screen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Built-in Printer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Output</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS-232C/Ethernet</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Supply Voltage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100-240 VAC, 50/60 Hz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site Location</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For indoor use only</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions (mm)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">580 (W) x 710 (D) x 615(H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800 (W) x 720 (D) x720(H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Physical Layout</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-Analyzer-Sampler</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 75.5 kg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Approx. 120 kg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">TABLE 3Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Category</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sysmex UF-II Control (Predicatedevice-k070910)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AUTION ControlSolution (Proposeddevice</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UF II Control contains control particlesfor use in quality control mode of theSysmex Fully Automated Urine ParticleAnalyzer (UF-1000i and UF-500i) andFully Automated Integrated UrineAnalyzer (UX-2000)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The AUTION ControlSolution is intended forin vitro diagnostic useonly for perfromingquality controlprocedures with theAUTION HYBRIDAU-4050 flowcytometry module.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid, ready to use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2°C-10°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days at 2°C-10°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid matrix solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Red Blood Cells, White Blood Cells,Epithelial Cells, Casts, and Bacteria</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Data

Clinical and bench testing was used to verify the performance characteristics of this device. This testing showed acceptable device performance that is substantially equivalent to the performance of the predicate devices.

# Conclusion

Based upon the indications for use, comparison with the previously cleared predicate devices, technology and verification testing, ARKRAY has determined that the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 described in this submission has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

ARKRAY, Inc. c/o Adam Ettl 5182 West $7 6 ^ { 1 5 }$ Street Edina, Minnesota 55439

Re: k121456 Trade/Device Name: AUTION HYBRIDTM AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System; Uriflet™M S 9HA Urine Test Strips; AUTION Control Solution Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.6550 Regulation Name: Occult Blood Test Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JIO, KQO, LKM, JJW, JIL, CDM, JJB, JIN, JIR JMT, LJX, CEN, JRE Dated: December 18, 2012 Received: December 19, 2012

Dear Mr. Ettl,

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 - Adam Ettl

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k121456

Device Name: AUTION HYBRID ™M AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System

Uriflet TM S 9HA Urine Test Strips

AUTION™ Control Solution

Indications for Use:

AUTION HYBRID ™ AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System

The AUTION HYBRID ™M AU-4050 Fully Automated Integrated Urine Analyzer System contains a test strip chemistry urine analyzer and a flow cytometry urine particle analyzer together in a single integrated device. The test strip chemistry module (CHM) is an automated urine analyzer intended for the in vitro measurement of the following parameters: glucose, protein, bilirubin, urobilinogen, pH, blood, ketones, nitrite, leukocytes, specific gravity, turbidity, and color. The chemistry module is intended for use with the Uriflet ™m S 9HA multi-parameter urine chemistry test strips. The flow cytometry module (FCM) is an automated urine particle analyzer intended to analyze the following parameters in urine samples: Red Blood Cells, White Blood Cells, Epithelial Cells, Casts, and Bacteria and flags the presence of the following: Pathologic Casts, Crystals, Sperm, Small Round Cells, Yeast Like Cells, and Mucus. The AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 is intended for in vitro diagnostic use in screening patient populations found in clinical laboratories.

Prescription Use _X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Ruth A. Chesler

Page 1 of _2_

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: K121456

Uriflet TM S 9HA Urine Test Strips

Uriflet ™m S 9HA is a urinalysis test strip with reagent pads for the determination of Glucose, Protein, Bilirubin, Urobilinogen, pH, Blood, Ketones, Nitrite, and Leukocytes. Uriflet S 9HA is for use with the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 only.

AUTION ™ Control Solution

The AUTION Control Solution is intended for in vitro diagnostic use only for performing quality control procedures with the AUTION HYBRID AU-4050 flow cytometry module.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler