# 510(k) Summary

# This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92

The assigned 510(k) number is K121790

Submitted By: Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318 Telephone: (952) 368-1142 Fax: (952) 368-7610

SEP 2 5 2013

Contact Person:   
Kerrie Oetter   
Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318   
Telephone: (952) 368-7858 Fax: (952) 368-7610

Date Prepared: September 23, 2013

Device Name:   
Proprietary / Trade Name: Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Reagent for use on the UniCel DxI Access   
Immunoassay Systems   
Common Name: Troponin I Enzyme Immunoassay   
Classification Name: Immunoassay, Troponin Subunits   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1215   
Product Code: MMI   
Proprietary / Trade Name: Access AccuTnl+3 Calibrator   
Common Name: Calibrator   
Classification Name: Calibrator   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1150   
Product Code: JIT   
Proprietary / Trade Name: UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System   
Common Name: Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use Classification   
Name: Discrete photometric chemistry analyzer for clinical use   
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 862.2160   
Product Code: JJE

# Predicate Device:

The Access AccuTnl $^ { + 3 }$ Reagent and AccuTnl $^ { + 3 }$ Calibrators for use on the UniCel Dxl Access Immunoassay Systems claim substantial equivalence to the Tnl-UltraTM Assay and ADVIA Centaur TnlUltra Calibrators for the Siemens ADVIA Centaur $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ System, FDA 510(k) Number K053020, cleared December 30, 2005.

The UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System claims substantial equivalence to the UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System (K023764), cleared January 28, 2003.

# Device Description:

The Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Reagents, AccuTnl $+ 3$ Calibrators and the UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System compose the Access Immunoassay System for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnl) in human serum and plasma.

The Access AccuTnl+3 Reagent packs contain specific reagents for the in vitro diagnostic measurement of cTnl including:

Paramagnetic particles coated with mouse monoclonal anti-human cardiac troponin I (cTnl) suspended in TRIS buffered saline, with surfactant, bovine serum albumin (BSA) matrix, $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide, and $0 . 1 \%$ ProClin® 300.   
0.IN NaOH   
TRIS buffered saline, surfactant, $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide and $0 . 1 \%$ ProClin 300.   
Mouse monoclonal anti-human cTnl alkaline phosphatase conjugate diluted in ACES buffered saline, with surfactant, BSA matrix, protein (bovine, goat, mouse), $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide, and $0 . 2 5 \%$ ProClin 300.

The Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Calibrator set contains multi-point calibrators for use with the Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ assay. Each vial contains zero and approximately 0.2, 0.9, 3.7, 20 and $8 0 \ \mathrm { \ n g / m L \ ( \mu g / L ) }$ of recombinant cardiac troponin I complex, respectively. in a buffered BSA matrix, with surfactant, $< 0 . 1 \%$ sodium azide, and $0 . 1 \%$ ProClin 300.

the UniCel $\operatorname { D x l } 8 0 0$ Access Immunoassay System is an in vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

# Intended Use:

The Access AccuTnl+3 Reagent for use on the UniCel DxI Access Immunoassay Systems is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnl) levels in human serum and plasma using the UniCel Dxl Acess Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Calibrators for use on the UniCel DxI Access Immunoassay Systems are intended to calibrate the Access AccuTnl $^ { + 3 }$ Reagent for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnl) levels in human serum and plasma using the UniCel DxI Access Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The UniCel $\mathbf { D x I \ 8 0 0 }$ Access Immunoassay System is an in vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

# Comparison to the Predicate:

The Access AccuTn $_ { 4 3 }$ Reagent and Access AccuTn $^ { 1 + 3 }$ Calibrators for use on the UniCel DxI Access Immunoassay Systems and the predicate device, ADVIA Centaur $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Tnl-UltraTMAssay and ADVIA Centaur Tnl-Ultra Calibrators, were compared. The information for the predicate device was derived from the predicate device 510(k) Summary and product labeling.

Similarities between the Access AccuTnl $^ { + 3 }$ Reagent and Calibrator and the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceADVIA Centaur® Tnl-UltraTMK053020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceAccess AccuTnI+3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An in vitro diagnostic method for thequantitative measurement of cardiac Tnlin serum and plasma to aid in thediagnosis of myocardial infarction.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent sandwichimmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated immunoassay instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and heparinized plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Packconfiguration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents ready to use and separated in asingle reagent pack</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary ReagentMaterials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Solid phase magnetic particles, anti- cTnlantibodies</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

Differences between the Access AccuTnl $^ { + 3 }$ Reagent and Calibrator and the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceADVIA Centaur® TnI-UltraTMK053020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceAccess AccuTnl+3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No EDTA plasma claim</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayInstrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ADVIA Centaur</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UniCel DxI Immunoassay System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorMaterials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine cTnl in goat serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant troponin complex in bufferedBSA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators:number andtype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two Lyophilized : high and low (use withMaster Curve)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Six Liquid: 0 and approximately 0.2, 0.9,3.7. 20 and 80 ng/mL with no master curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificReagentMaterials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polyclonal goat anti-cTnl antibody labeledwith acridinium ester, 2 biotinylated mousemonoclonal anti-cTnl antibodies, magneticparticles conjugated with streptavidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal anti-human cTnlalkaline phosphatase conjugate, magneticparticles coated with mouse monoclonalanti-human cTnl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cardiac troponin I determinations aid in thediagnosis of acute myocardial infarction andin the risk stratification of patients with non-ST segment elevation acute coronarysyndromes with respective to relative riskmortality, myocardial infarction or increasedprobability of ischemic events requiringurgent revascularization procedures.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No risk stratification indication</td></tr></table>

Differences between the Access AccuTnl+3 Reagent and Calibrator and the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceADVIA Centaur® Tnl-UltraTMK053020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceAccess AccuTnI+3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100μl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55μ1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AnalyticalMeasuringRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008 ng/mL to 50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 ng/mL to 80 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AcuteMyocardialInfarction(AMI) Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78 ng/mL per WHO-defined cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03 ng/mL based on clinical trial outcome</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExpectedResults (UpperReferenceLimit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99th percentile of 0.04 ng/mL; range of 0.02-0.06 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99th percentile upper reference limit(URL) is &lt; 0.03 ng/mL with a 97.5% upperconfidence limit of 0.04 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV of 10% at a level of 0.03 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total CV of ≤8% at concentrations &gt;0.075ng/mL. SD ≤0.006 at concentrations≤0.075 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System and the previously cleared version of the UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System were compared.

Similarities between the UniCel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System and the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceUniCel DxI 800 AccessImmunoassay SystemK023764</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceUniCel DxI 800 AccessImmunoassay System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The UniCel Dxl 800 AccessImmunoassay System is an in vitrodiagnostic device used for thequantitative, semi-quantitative, orqualitative determination of variousanalyte concentrations found inhuman body fluids.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Micro computer controlled, randomand continuous access</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme immunoassays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modules</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SPU, sample/reagent storage,pipettor, bulk feeder, analytical.carriage, substrate, pick and place,fluidics, electronic/systemscomputer, peripheral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>same</td></tr></table>

Differences between the UniCel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System and the Predicate   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceUniCel DxI 800 AccessImmunoassay SystemK023764</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceUniCel DxI 800 AccessImmunoassay System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermal algorithmcapability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not present</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Present</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay ProtocolFile (APF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AccuTnl APF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AccuTnI+3 APF with addition of thethermal algorithm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Version 2.4-4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Version 4.5: added capability to implementthe thermal algorithm; added resultsuppression when instrument internal casetemperature is outside 18° to 36°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18°C to 32°C ambient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18°C to 30°C ambient18°C to 36°C instrument case temperature</td></tr></table>

Conclusion: The information provided above demonstrates that the new device, the Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Reagent and Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Calibrators for use on the UniCel DxI Access Immunoassay System, have the same intended use as the predicate device. The UniCel DxI 800 Access Immunoassay System has the same intended use as the predicate device. In addition, verification and validation testing, the clinical and analytical data, the clinical use of the product reflected in current MI diagnostic guidelines, and other scientific information provided in this submission demonstrate that the Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Reagent, Access AccuTnI+3 Calibrators on the UniCel Dxl Access Immunoassay Systems is as safe and effective as the predicate devices. Taken together, this information establishes the substantial equivalence of Beckman Coulter's products to predicates.

# September 25, 2013

Beckman Coulter Inc. c/o Kerrie Oetter 1000 Lake Hazeltine Dr. CHASKA MN 55318-1084

Re: K121790 Trade/Device Name: Access AccuTnl+3 Reagent, Access AccuTnl $+ 3$ Calibrator, UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1215 Regulation Name: Creatine phosphokinase/creatine kinase or isoenzymes test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MMI, JIT, JJE Dated: September 04, 2013 Received: September 11, 2013

Dear Ms. Oetter:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Ms. Oetter

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.lhtm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveil lance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K121790

Device Name: Access AccuTn! $+ 3$ Reagent, Access AccuTnl+3 Calibrator and UniCel Dxl 800 Access Immunoassay Systems

Indications for Use:

The Access AccuTni $^ { 1 + 3 }$ Reagent is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTni) levels in human serum and plasma using the UniCel Dxl Access Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The Access AccuTn $+ 3$ Calibrators are intended to calibrate the Access Accu Tni+3 Reagent for the quantitative determination of cardiac troponin I (cTnl) levels in human serum and plasma using the UniCel Dxl Access Immunoassay Systems to aid in the diagnosis of myocardial infarction.

The UniCel $\boldsymbol { \Omega \times } | \ 8 0 0$ Access Immunoassay System is an in vitro diagnostic device used for the quantitative, semi-quantitative, or qualitative determination of various analyte concentrations found in human body fluids.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler S