# 510(k) Summary

# ST AIA-PACK HOMOCYSTEINE

1. Date:   
2. Submitter:

May 17, 2012 Tosoh Bioscience, Inc 3600 Gantz Road Grove City, OH 43123

3.  Contact Person:

Judith K. Ogden   
Director, Compliance and Market Development   
6000 Shoreline Ct., Ste. 101   
South San Francisco, CA 94080   
Phone: 650-636-8112   
Fax: 650-636-8113   
Email: Judy.Oaden@tosoh.com

Device Name:

ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Classification:   
Class II   
LPS   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1377

Device Name: Classification

ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set   
Class II   
JIT   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1150

Device Name: Classification

AlA-PACK Homocysteine Control Set   
Class I, Reserved   
JJX   
Clinical Chemistry   
21 CFR 862.1660

5.Predicate Device:

k 003597   
Siemens   
IMMULITE 2000 Homocysteine Immunoassay

# Intended Use

Reagents:

ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine is designed for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the quantitative measurement of homocysteine in human serum, heparinized plasma or EDTA plasma using a TOSOH AIA System Analyzer. Homocysteine measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of hyperhomocysteinemia or homocysteinuria.

# Calibrators:

ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the calibration of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteineassay using a Tosoh AIA System Analyzer.

# Controls:

The AIA-PACK Homocysteine Control Set is intended for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for performing quality control procedures with the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Assay.

# Device Description

The ST AIA-PACK Homocstee a competitivenzymemunoassy which, ater pe pretreatent  peorm entirely in he  AA-PAC Homoysteine ups.

Oxidized homocysteine is reduced by tris (2-carboxyethyl) phosphine (TCEP) to the free form and converted to S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine (SAH) by the SAH hydrolase and excess adenosine prior to the immunoassay. SAH present in the pretreated sample competes with immobilized SAH on magnetic beads for binding sites of the enzyme-labeled anti-SAH mouse monoclonal antibody. The magnetic beads are washed to remove unbound anti-SAH mouse monoclonal antibody and are then incubated with a fluorogenic substrate, 4-methylumbelliferyl phosphate (4MUP). The rate of fluorescence produced by the enzyme reaction indicates the amount of enzyme-labeled antiSAH mouse monoclonal antibody. The amount  antibody that bins hebeads  inversely proportional to the homocysteine concentration in the test sample. A standard curve is constructed, and unknown sample concentrations are calculated using this curve.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Information

Predicate Device Name: IMMULITE 2000 Homocysteine 2. k003597 .Comparison with predicate

# Similarities

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST AIA-PACKHomocysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IMMULITE 2000Homocysteine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine isdesigned for IN VITRODIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for thequantitative measurement ofhomocysteine in human EDTAplasma, heparinized plasma orserum on TOSOH AIA SystemAnalyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use withthe IMMULITE 2000 Analyzer —for the quantitative determinationof L-homocysteine in humanplasma or serum. This devicecan assist in the diagnosis andtreatment of patients suspectedof having hyperhomocysteinemiaor homocystinuria</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA plasma, heparinizedplasma or serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA plasma, heparinizedplasma or serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50 to 50.0 µmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 to 50 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.50 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hb, Billirubin, Lipemia, Protein,Ascorbic Acid, Trisodium Citrate,EDTA, Heparinized Sodium, RHfactor tested with no interference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin, Hb and Lipemia testedwith no interference</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.6 - 17.8 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-12 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Limit of detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.334 μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Incubation Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 minute cycle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Minute Cycle</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators at 0,2,4,8,15 and 55μmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Adjusters range of 2to 50 μmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Frequency</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 Days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 Days</td></tr></table>

# Standard/Guidance Document Reference

User Evaluation of Precision Performance of Clinical Chemistry Devices: Approved Guideline (CLSI EP5-A2)   
Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: a Statistical Approach: Approved Guideline (CLSI EP6-A2)   
How to Define and Determine Reference Intervals in the Clinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline (C28-A2)   
Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation; Approved Guideline (CLSI EP17-A).   
Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved GuidelineSecond Edition (CLSI EP9-A2)   
Estimation ofTotal Analytical Eror or Clinical Laboratory Methods (CL EP21-A)

# 10. Test Principle

The ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine is a competitive enzyme mmunoassay which, ater smple prtreatment m entiely i  IA-ACHomtein  s.

Oxidized homocysteine is reduced by tris (2-carboxyethyl) phosphine (TCEP) to the free form and converted to S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine (SAH) by the SAH hydrolase and excess adenosine prior to the immunoassay. SAH present in the pretreated sample competes with immobilized SAH on magnetic beads for binding sites of the enzyme-labeled anti-SAH mouse monoclonal antibody. The magnetic beads are washed to remove unbound anti-SAH mouse monoclonal antibody and are then incubated with a fluorogenic substrate, 4-methylumbellifery phosphate (4MUP). The rate of fluorescence produced by the enzyme reaction indicates the amount of enzyme-labeled antiSAH mouse monoclonal antibody. The amount of antibody that binds to the beads is inversely proportional to the homocysteine concentration in the test sample. A standard curve is constructed, and unknown sample concentrations are calculated using this curve.

WARNiNG: Specimens from patients who are on drug therapy involving S-adenosyl-methionine may show falsely elevated levels of homocysteine. Specimens from patients taking methotrexate, carbamazepine, phenytoin, nitrous oxide or 6-azauridine triacetate may have elevated levels of homocysteine due to their effect on the metabolic pathway.

# 1. Performance Characteristics

Analytical Performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility

The precision for ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine was determined based on guidance from CLSI Protocol EP5-A2.

Within run precision was determined using nine pooled samples (3 each of EDTA plasma, heparinized plasma and serum) in a total of 20 runs. Within each run, one set of duplicates per sample was assayed. The mean of each duplicate was used to obtain the pooled standard deviation (SD), which was then used to calculate the coefficient of variation (CV).

Intra-assay (within run) Precision

<table><tr><td></td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>Coefficient of Variation</td></tr><tr><td>Sample</td><td>(μmol/L)</td><td>(μmol/L)</td><td>(%)</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma A3</td><td>7.4</td><td>0.2</td><td>3.3</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma B3</td><td>17.4</td><td>0.7 .</td><td>3.9</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma C3</td><td>44.0</td><td>1.4</td><td>3.1</td></tr><tr><td>HEP Plasma A3</td><td>7.0</td><td>0.2</td><td>3.2</td></tr><tr><td>HEP Plasma B3</td><td>14.4</td><td>0.5</td><td>3.4</td></tr><tr><td>HEP Plasma C3</td><td>32.2</td><td>1.1</td><td>3.5</td></tr><tr><td>Serum A3</td><td>5.6</td><td>0.2</td><td>4.3</td></tr><tr><td>Serum B3</td><td>14.3</td><td>0.5</td><td>3.6</td></tr><tr><td>Serum C3</td><td>40.9</td><td>1.3</td><td>3.2</td></tr></table>

The total precision was determined by the duplicate assay of nine pooled samples (3 each of EDTA plasma, heparinized plasma and serum) in 20 separate runs. The means of each run were used to calculate the pooled standard deviation (SD) and coefficient of variation (CV).   

<table><tr><td></td><td>Mean</td><td>Standard Deviation</td><td>Coefficient of Variation</td></tr><tr><td>Sample EDTA Plasma A3</td><td>(μmoV/L) 7.4</td><td>(μmol/L) 0.3</td><td>(%) 4.1</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma B3</td><td>17.4</td><td>0.8</td><td>4.5</td></tr><tr><td>EDTA Plasma C3</td><td>44.0</td><td>1.6</td><td>3.6</td></tr><tr><td>HEP Plasma A3</td><td>7.0</td><td>0.3</td><td>4.4</td></tr><tr><td>HEP Plasma B3</td><td>14.4</td><td>0.6</td><td>4.0</td></tr><tr><td>HEP Plasma C3</td><td>32.2</td><td>1.6</td><td>4.9</td></tr><tr><td>Serum A3</td><td>5.6</td><td>0.3</td><td>5.0</td></tr><tr><td>Serum B3</td><td>14.3</td><td>0.7</td><td>4.7</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Serum C3</td><td>40.9</td><td>1.8</td><td>4.4</td></tr></table>

# bLinearity/assay reportable range

The linearity for the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine was determined, based on guidance from CLSI Protocol EP6-A. The linearity was measured on the AlA-2000 instrument and has been demonstrated to be linear from 0.5 to $5 0 . 0 \mu \mathrm { m o l } / L$ .

# C. Traceability,

The ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set contains assigned concentrations of Sadenosyl -L-homocysteine. The assigned value is determined on a lot-by-lot basis and is designed to provide an assay calibration range of 0.5 to $5 0 . 0 \mu \mathrm { m o l } / L$ of homocysteine. The calibrators in this set are referred to NIST (National Institute of Standards & Technology) Standard Reference Material 1955.

The Tosoh AlA-PACK Control Set contains two controls of buffered bovine serum albumin with each control containing approximately 12 µmol/L and 25 μmol/L of homocysteine with sodium azide as a preservative.

# d. Stability

The shelf life of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine test cups, ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set, ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Sample Diluting Solution, ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Pretreatment Set and the AIA PACK Homocysteine Control Set is 12 months from the date of manufacture when stored at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ .

The in-use stability of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine test cups, is 40hours at a room temperature of $1 8 - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ When stored at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ , the test cups can be used for up to 30 days.

The in-use stability of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set is 1 day when stored at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \subset$ .

The in-use stability of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Sample Diluting Solution is 9 days $1 8 . 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ for only 8 hours per day, and 3) the vials are closed and kept refrigerated immediately after use. In-use stability is 0 days provie)it is used for manual dilutions ONLY, and 2) the vials are closed and refrigerated immediately after use.

The in-use stability of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Pretreatment Reagent is stable at 18-25° C for 20 hours. The in-use stability is stable at 2-8° C for 1 day provided: 1) it is used for manual pretreatment ONLY, and 2) the bottles are closed and refrigerated immediately after use.

The in-use stability of the AIA-PACK Homocysteine CONTROL is 14 days at $2 { \cdot } 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ If stored at 18-25 degree C the in-use stability is 1 day.

# e. Detection limit:

Limit of detection: The limit of detection of the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine was determined based on CLSI guideline EP17-A. A blank sample was measured in 60 replicates. Six low level samples were measured in 10 replicates each. As a result, the limit of detection was estimated to be $0 . 3 3 4 \mu \mathrm { m o l / L }$ .

The reportable range for the assay is 0.5 to 50.0 umol/L.

# Interference/Analytical specificity:

# Interference

Interference is defined, for the purposes of this study, with recovery outside of $1 0 0 + 1 -$ . $10 \%$ of the known concentration of the specimen after the following substances are added to human specimens. Three studies were conducted using EDTA plasma,

heparinized plasma and serum

Hemoglobin (up to 1445 mg/dL),   
free bilirubin (up to 18 mg/dL) and conjugated bilirubin (up to 18 mg/dL) do not interfere with the assay.   
Lipemia, as indicated by triglyceride concentration (up to 1667 mg/dL), does not interfere with the assay.

Added protein (up to $5 0 m g / m l )$ , as indicated by human g-globulin concentrations, for a total protein concentration of approximately 120 mg/ml does not interfere with the assay. Ascorbic acid (up to 20 mg/dL) does not interfere with the assay EDTA-2K (up to 5.0 mg/mL) does not interfere with the assay. Heparin (up to 100 U/mL) does not interfere with the assay.

# Specificity

The following substances were tested for cross-reactivity. The cross-reactivity $( \% )$ is the percent of the compound which wilbe identified as Homocysteine. If these compounds are present in the specimen at the same concentration as Homocysteine, the final result will be increased by these percentages.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(μmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adenosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.045</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S-Adenosyl-L-methionine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>04.74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Cystathionine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.486</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.159</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Cysteine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Glutathione</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methionine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.059</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-Homocysteinethiolactone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.99</td></tr></table>

g. Assay cut off Not applicable

Comparison Studies:

a.Method comparison

The methods comparison study was developed with the reference to the CLSl protocol entitled: Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline (EP9-A2).

A total of 138 unaltered EDTA plasma specimens were assayed in singleton utilizing the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine assay on the AIA-2000 analyzer and the alternate method. The regression analysis for the correlation between the alternate method $( { \boldsymbol { \mathsf { x } } } )$ and the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine is as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deming</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regular</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.079</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.061</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.499</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard Error Estimate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.257</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef( R):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.984</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Points (Plotted/Total):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>138/138</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Ranges:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>2.8 to 48.3 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

b. Matrix comparison

The correlation between EDTA plasma $( x )$ and heparinized plasma (y) on the ST AIAPACK Homocysteine was carried out using 98 unaltered specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Deming</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Regular</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:Intercept:Standard ErrorEstimate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.007 (0.979 to 1.035)-0.235 (-0.591 to 0.121)0.682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.998 (0.970 to 1.025)-0.124 (-0.480 to 0.231)0.680</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef( R):Result Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25-38-3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.15 - 37.5 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

The correlation between EDTA plasma $( X )$ and serum (y) on the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine was carried out using 98 unaltered specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Deming</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Regular</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope:Intercept:Standard ErrorEstimate:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>1.007 (0.979 to 1.035)-0.235 (-0.591 to 0.121)0.682</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.998 (0.970 to 1.025)-0.124 (-0.480 to 0.231)0.680</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Corr Coef( R):Result Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25-38-3 μmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.15 - 37.5 μmol/L</td></tr></table>

Clinical Studies: Not applicable

4Clinical cut-off: Not applicable

5. Expected values/Reference range:

The interval given here was determined in unaltered EDTA plasma samples from 130 apparently healthy individuals.

A reference range study was conducted based on guidance from Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) Protocol C28-A2.

Number of Samples (n) 130 Reference Interval 6.6 - 17.8 μmol/L

The central $9 5 \%$ of the reference range was used to determine the reference interval.

Tosoh Bioscience, Inc c/o Judith K. Ogden 6000 Shoreline Court Suite 101 South San Francisco, CA 94080

Re: k121533 Trade Name: ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine, ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set AIA-PACK Homocysteine Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\{ 8 6 2 . 1 3 7 7$ Regulation Name: Urinary homocysteine (non-quantitative) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: LPS, JIT, JJX Dated: May 22, 2012 Received: May 25, 2012

Dear Ms. Ogden:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled; "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-5760. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

2

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device   
Evaluation and Safety   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k121533

Device Name: ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine; ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Calibrator Set; AIA-PACK Homocysteine Control Set

Indications for Use:

# Reagents:

ST AIA-PACK Homocysteines dsigne for IN VITRO DIAGNOSTIC USE ONLY for the quantitative measurement o hoystein inhuma serum,heparinize plasmarETA plamausing Tosoh AA SysteAnalyzeHomosi measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of hyperhomocysteinemia or homocysteinuria.

Calibrators:

STA-AC  IVITROAGTICUSNLYST A PACK Homocysteine assay using a Tosoh AlA System Analyzer.

# Controls:

T A-PACHnt Sen IVITRODIAGNOSTICUS ONLY r  uali procedures with the ST AIA-PACK Homocysteine Assay.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIVD)