Kelly R. Sauer   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 351-5884   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: kelly.sauer@diasorin.com

March 25, 2013

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® FT4   
LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1   
LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2   
LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3

Common Names/Descriptions: Free Thyroxine Assay

Classification Names:

Free Thyroxine Test System: Class II 21 CFR 862.1695; Clinical Chemistry (75) Quality Control Material: Class I, reserved 21 CFR 862.1660; Clinical Chemistry (75)

Product Code:

CEC, JJX

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

Roche Elecsys® FT4 Reference K961489 (assay) Elecsys® PreciControl Universal Reference K090541 (control set)

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

# INTENDED USE:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® FT4 assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) intended for the quantitative determination of free thyroxine (FT4) in human serum using the LIAISo® Analyzer. It is intended for use as aid in the clinical assessment of thyroid status.

Th DiaSorin LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 and LIAISO® Control Thyroid 3 are intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the uc

The LIAlSON® FT4 assay's method for quantitative determination of FT4 is based on the Solid Phase Antigen Linked Technique (SPALT) principle. A T4-protein-conjugate is coated on the magnetic particles (solid phase); a monoclonal antibody is linked to an isoluminol derivative (isoluminol-antibody conjugate).Allassay steps and incubations are performed by the LIAISON® Analyzer.

Results are determined by a 2 point calibration conversion of the master curve to a working curve.The light signal, and hence the amount of isoluminol-antibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is inversely related to FT4 concentration present in calibrators, patient samples or controls.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

The DiaSorin LIAISN FT4 assay is ubstantially equivalent in principle and perforance to the Roche Elecsys® FT4 Test (K961489) which was FDA cleared June 11, 1996.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 1: Table of Assay Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceLIAISON FT4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceRoche Elecsys® FT4 (K961489)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The DiaSorin LIAISON® FT4Assay is a chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CLIA) intendedfor the quantitativedetermination of free thyroxine(FT4) in human serum usingthe LIAISON® Analyzer.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination of freethyroxine in human serum andplasma. TheelectrochemiluminescenceImmunoassay &quot;ECLIA&quot; isintended for use on Elecsys andcobas e immunoassayanalyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use as an aid in theclinical assessment of thyroidstatus</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Free thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ChemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemiluminescentimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-point verification ofstored master curve.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent IntegralStorage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On-board or in refrigerator@2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleHandling/Processing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit of Measure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/dL or pmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 0.69 - 1.59 ng/dL(8.93 -20.4 pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum 0.93 - 1.70 ng/dL(12.0 - 21.9 pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29 - 7.7 ng/dL(3.73 - 99.1 pmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.023 - 7.77ng/dL(0.300 - 100.0 pmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum and plasma</td></tr></table>

DiaSorin LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3 and Elecsys® PreciControl Universal Similarities and Differenes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50μL .</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugate Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonalanti-thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sheep polyclonal anti-thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 minutes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open storage2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open storageon analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels - Included in integral</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels - Not included with kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Table 2: Table of Control Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New DeviceLIAISON® Control Thyroid 1LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceEleccsPreciControlUniversal (K090541)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for use as qualitycontrol samples to monitor theaccuracy and precision of theDiaSorin LIAISON® FT4 assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended for use as qualitycontrol of Elecsys®immunoassays on the ElecsysRand Cobas® e immunoassayanalyzers</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unopened store at 2-8° C untilexpiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three concentrations :Low, medium, high</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two concentrations :Low and high</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 vials x 5.0 mL each levelEach level provided separately</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 vials x 3.0 ml each level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitue with 5.0 mLdistilled waterand allow to stand15 minutesbefore use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute with 3.0 mLdistilled waterand allow to stand 30 minutesbefore use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstituted :48 hours at 2-8° CFor longer storage periods,frozen to -20 °</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstituted :On analyzer at 20-25° C up to 5hrs ; 3 days at 2-8° C;-20° C for up to 1 month</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison:

Aal  smps  esd   LA  say n  cilly available immunoassay. The method comparison study was performed according to CLSI EP9-A2 guideline.

Passing & Bablok regression analysis was performed on the results across the range o LIAISON® FT4 assay yielding agreement f $\mathsf { y } = 1 . 0 7 0 7 \mathsf { x } - 0 . 1 2 1 1$ $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 6 3 3$ The $9 5 \%$ EY confidence intervals for the slope were 1.03 to 1.09 and $9 5 \%$ confidence intervals for the intercept were -0.17 to $- 0 . 0 8 \mathrm { n g / d L }$ .

# Reference Range/Expected Values:

Human serum samples from 130 apparently healthy adults were tested to determine the reference range for he LIAISON®  say.

<table><tr><td>Apparently Healthy Adults Serum (130)</td><td>Median</td><td>Observed 95% Normal Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td>1.08 ng/dL</td><td>0.69 - 1.59 ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td>13.9 pmol/L</td><td>8.93 - 20.4 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Consider these limits as guidelines only. Each laboratory should establish its own reference range</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility/Precision:

# 20 Day Study Design

A y/ comprised of 4 frozen serum samples was prepared by DiaSorin. The LIAISoN® Control Thyroid (3 levels) were also tested in the study. The CLSI document EP5-A2 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

The precision panel samples and kitcontrols were testedon e ot f LIIS®FT4 as results per sample.

The mean, standard deviation, and coefficient of variation (%CV) of the results were computed for each of the tested samples.

# Results:

The 20 day results are summarized in Table 3 as sample overall mean FT4 concentration in ng/dL, computed SDs and %CVs for between run and total.

Table 3: Reproducibility/Precision Results - 20 day   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Control 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.1%</td></tr></table>

# 5 Day Study Design

An additional five day precision study was performed at DiaSorin.The sample panel consisted of three frozen serum samples prepared by DiaSorin with FT4 concentrations near medical decision points.

T precision panel samples we testn e o  LIAISO® FT4 assay itwelv sample.

# Results:

The 5 day results are summarized in Table 4 as sample overall mean FT4 concentration in ng/dL, computed SDs and $\% C V s$ for between run and total.

Table 4: Reproducibility/Precision Results - 5 day   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean(ng/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between Run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TOTAL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 1 (hypo)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.851</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 2 (normal)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample 3 (hyper)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5%</td></tr></table>

# Dilution Linearity:

An aliquot of a buffer sample containing phosphate buffered saline (PBS), 5% BSA was spiked with T4 and diluted with the same buffer. This yielded a sample with T4 levels spanning the measuring range of the LAISON® FT4 assy $( 0 . 2 9 - 7 . 7 \ \mathsf { n g } / \mathsf { d L } )$ The sample a y  LA®   o into ten evenly spaced intervals including the neat sample and tested in four replicates for each dilution on the LIAISON® Analyzer.

# Results:

The results were analyzed by a linear regression of measured FT4 concentration versus   
expected FT4. The resulting regression equation:   
Measured $\mathsf { F T } 4 = 1 . 0 2 5$ (Expected FT4) $+ 0 . 0 8 4$ , $\mathsf { R } = 0 . 9 9 8$

LAIN® FT4 Assay earss heas rane heassay (0.9 .7L).

Traceability, Stability, Target Values:   
al Reference Standard preparation.

Calibrator Value Assignment: Calibrator concentrations are assigned through an internal procedure. Master standards are prepared from intermediate stock solutions. Concentrations are assigned by testing in 10 different assays against the Primary Reference Stanard.Th master calirators ae then usd  ssign values o the i calators multiple LIAlSON® analyzers with several kits calibrators over several runs to determine the target values.

Calibrator Stability: Reagent integral is stable until the expiration date printed on the label when stored as directed and for 2 weeks (14 days) on board the LIAlSON® analyzer or opened and stored at $2 . 8 \textdegree$ .

Calibration curve stability was performed and demonstrated that kit performance was acceptable to 2 weeks from calibration.

LIAISON® FT4 Calibrator 1 is manufactured to have a FT4 level between 0.45 - 0.55 ng/dL.   
LIAISON® FT4 Calibrator 2 is manufactured to have a FT4 level between 5.0 - 7.0 ng/dL.

Control Value Assignment: A minimum f 60 valid test results for each control are used in i. AIS® Cono yr  LAI Con y ACo Thyro   AS®alyz diffeent approved LiAis®  assay kit lots, at a minial time period f 3 days. The mean value and the standard deviation (std) is calculated from the test results.

The target value of the controls is given by the calculated mean value. The target range is given by the mean value $+ 1 - 3$ std.

Control Stability: Lyophilized controls are stable until the expiration date shown on the product labeling when stored as instructed.

Reconstituted controls are stable for up to 48 hours when stored at 2-8°C. For longer storage periods, control aliquots should be frozen to $\angle 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ .

LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1 has a target value of 1.0 ng/dL LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 has a target value of 3.0 ng/dL LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3 has a target value of 6.0 ng/dL

The Limi  Blank Limi  Detection and Lim  Quantitation werdetermieaccording to CLSI EP17-A: Protocols for Determination of Limits of Detection and Limits of Quantitation.

The following limits were determined with the LIAISON® FT4 assay:

Limit of Blank: ≤ 0.06 ng/dL Limit of Detection: 0.13 ng/dL Limit of Quantitation: 0.29 ng/dL

# Interfering Substances

Controlled studies of potentiallyinterfering substances showed no interference at the based on CLSI-EP7-A2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance/Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (conj)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (unconj)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>741300ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>907200 ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1540500ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenylhydantoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1301397ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amiodarone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3396600ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-Anilino-1-naphtalenesulfonic acidammoniumsalt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1579200 ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1626000ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lopanic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2842000ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-propranolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1520000ng/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54 IU/mL</td></tr></table>

# Specificity

The cross-reactivity of the LIAISON® FT4 assay with these substances has been expressed where possible as the ratio of:

The ont f  qued o e $50 \%$ of the maximally bound labeled T4 from the anti-T4 antibody, The amount the cross-eacant o giv he sme $50 \%$ displacement.

Amounts for cross-reactant and analyte are taken from the displacement curve. The ratio of the two amounts as percentage-value is the $\%$ cross-reactivity of the cross reactant.

# Cross-Reactant

D-T4   
3-iodo-L-Tyrosine   
3,5-diiodo-L-Tyrosine   
3,3',5,5'-tetra-iodothyroacetic acid

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports the basis for substantial equivalence. The labeling is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# Section 5

KELLY R SAUER  
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALISTDIASORIN  
1951 NORTHWESTERN AVE.  
P.O. BOX 285  
STILLWATER MN 55082

Re: K121951 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ FT4, LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Thyroid 2, LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Thyroid 3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1695 Regulation Name: Free thyroxine test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CEC, JJX Dated: March 25, 2013 Received: March 28, 2013

Dear Ms. Sauer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device s classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in he Code  Federal Regulations, Tit , Parts 800 to 9.In adition, FDA y publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450." Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director, Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k121951

Device Name: LIAISON® FT4 LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3

Indications for Use:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® FT4 assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay intended for the quantitative determination of free thyroxine (FT4) in human serum using the LIAISON® Analyzer. It is intended for use as an aid in the clinical assessment of thyroid status.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 and LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3 are intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monor he cy an ren  he DS IAI®s

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)