# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

The Assigned 510(k) number is: K122307

# 1. Submitter's Name: BioCare Corporation

Address: 4F, No.12, Lane 5, Sec. 2, Nanshan Rd., Lujhu Township, Taoyuan County 33852, Taiwan.

Contact person: Shuchi Chang / Administrator Phone: +886-3-2616678#6533 Fax: $+ 8 8 6 - 3 { \cdot } 2 6 1 6 6 7 9$ E-mail:shuchichang@biocare.com.tw

# 2. Device Name and Classification

2.1 DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Trade name: DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Regulation section: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test System

Classification Code: CGA, Glucose Oxidase, NBW, System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over The Counter

Classification Panel: Chemistry (75)

Device Classification: Class II

2.2 Control Solution

Trade name: DIAVUE Control Solution

Regulation section: 21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material (Assayed and Unassayed)

Classification Code: JJX-Single (Specified) Analyze Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75)

# 3. Predicate Device

3.1 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

The predicate device is URIGHT TD-4254 Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K082482) marketed by TaiDoc Technology Corporation.

# 3.2 Control Solution

The predicate device is TaiDoc Control Solution and FORA Control Solution (K093724) marketed by TaiDoc Technology Corporation.

# 4 Device Description

The DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of glucose meter, quick start user guide, user manual, warranty card, and carrying bag. Test strips, control solutions or sterile lancets can be purchased separately.

DIAVUE Control Solution contains a known amount of glucose that reacts with test strips made by BioCare. Three levels of control solutions are available : level 1,level 2 and level 3.Operation of the control solution test is similar to blood glucose test except that you use DIAVUE control solution instead of a drop of blood. The control solutions should provide results within an expected range printed on the test strip vial label.

# 5. Intended Use

DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System :

The DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples (from finger). This system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, or testing on newborns.

DIAVUE Blood Glucose Test Strips:

The DIAVUE Blood Glucose Test Strips are to be used with the DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Meter: it measures glucose in capillary whole blood taken from a fingertip. It is for use outside of body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for lay use by people with diabetes and should only be used by a single patient. This system should not be shared. They are not indicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

DIAVUE Control Solutions:

The DIAVUE Control Solutions are used with the DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems to indicate appropriate user technique and to indicate that the test strip and meter are functioning properly.

# 6. Comparison with predicate:

The DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System has the following similarities to the predicate device:

$\spadesuit$ Same operating principle, $\spadesuit$ Same fundamental scientific technology, $\spadesuit$ Incorporate the same material, $\spadesuit$ Same shelf life, $\spadesuit$ Package using the same materials

The differences between the two devices list as: weight, dimensions, display, parameters and appearance. There are no significant differences that affect the safety and effectiveness. Therefore, BioCare DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed device URIGHT TD-4254 Blood Glucose Monitoring System manufactured by TaiDoc Technology Corporation, K082482.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>74(651 2205                       BiOCAREBioCARE CorporationFel: +8863 2616678 Fax: +8853 26166794F, No.12, Lane 5, Sec. 2, Nanshan Rd ., tujhuwww.biocare.com.tw                                                   Township, Taoyuan County 33852, TAlWAN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIAVUE Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:TaiDoc Control Solution andFORA Control Solution(K093724)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To indicate appropriate usertechnique and to indicate thatthe test strip and meter arefunctioning properly.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To check the performance ofblood glucose monitoringsystems manufactured byTaiDoc.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Level(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr></table>

# 7. Test Principle:

The detection and measurement of glucose in blood is by an electrochemical biosensor technology using glucose oxidase.

# 8. Conclusions

Based on the information provided in this submission, the DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate URIGHT TD-4254 Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The DIAVUE Control Solution is substantially equivalent to the predicate TaiDoc Control Solution and FORA Control Solution (K093724).

# April 5, 2013

BioCare Corporation   
C/O Shuchi Chang   
4F, NO. 12, LANE 5, SEC. 2   
NASHAN RD LUJHU TOWNSHIP   
TAOYUAN COUNTY   
CHINA, (TAIWAN) 33852

Re: K122307 Trade/Device Name: DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CGA, NBW, JJX Dated: February 25, 2013 Received: March 28, 2013

Dear Shuchi Chang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH-/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.,htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K122307

DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
The DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for use outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples (from finger). This system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, or testing on neonates. DIAVUE Blood Glucose Test Strips   
The DIAVUE Blood Glucose Test Strips are to be used with the DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Meter; it measures glucose in capillary whole blood taken from a fingertip. It is for use outside of body (in vitro diagnostic use). It is intended for lay use by people with diabetes and should only be used by a single patient. This system should not be shared. They are not indicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use.

DIAVUE Control Solutions The DIAVUE Control Solutions are used with the DIAVUE Prudential Blood Glucose Meter and DIAVUE Blood Glucose Test Sreips to indicate appropriate user technique and to indicate that the test strip and meter are functioning properly.