# Section 5. 510(k) Summary

# . Administrative

Device Information Device Name: Common Name: Product Code: Registration Number: Classification: Classification Panel:

ABL90 Flex   
Blood gases and blood pH test system   
CHL (JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, KHP, GKR, GHS, KQI, JJY, JIX)   
21 CFR 862.1120   
Class II   
Clinical Chemistry   
Submitter   
Company Name:   
ER Number:   
Address:   
Radiometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denkmark   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3827   
+45 3827 2727

Phone: Fax:

# 2. Description of Device Modification

The ABL90 FLEX is a portable, automated system intended for in vitro testing of samples of whole blood for the parameters pH, pO2 , pCO2, potassium, sodium, calcium, chloride, glucose, lactate, and co-oximetry parameters (total hemoglobin, oxygen saturation, and the hemoglobin fractions FO2Hb, FCOHb, F MetHb, FHHb and FHbF).

The implementation of the WiFi option allows wireless functionality for establishing network connectivity; all of which is supported by wired LAN connection in the existing application.

# 3. Intended Use

The ABL90 FLEX is a portable, automated analyzer that measures pH, blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, lactate and oximetry in heparinised whole blood. The ABL90 FLEX is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting.

# 4. Substantial Equivalence

The ABL90 FLEX with the implementation of the WiFi option is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate:

510(k) Number/Device Manufacturer: K092686 ABL90 Flex, Radiometer Medical ApS (subsequent submissions: K111897, K120197)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate: ABL90 Flex (K092682)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Similarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended UseThe ABL90 FLEX is a portable, automatedanalyzer that measures pH, blood gases,electrolytes, glucose, lactate and oximetry inheparinised whole blood. The ABL90 FLEX isintended for use by trained technologists,nurses, physicians and therapists. It isintended for use in a laboratory environment,near patient or point-of-care setting.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wireless LAN network connectivity utilizingstandard technology and protocols providedand supported by the operating system(Windows XP Embedded). Currently this isprovided by establishing cabled LANconnections.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood Gas MeasurementpH, pO2, pCO2 by potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrolyte MeasurementcK+, cNa+, cCa^²+, cCl by potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metabolite MeasurementcGlu, cLac by amperometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oximetry MeasurementctHb, sO2 FO2 Hb, FHHb, FCOHb, FMetHb,FHbF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin MeasurementSpectrophotometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical Performance Characteristics</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-Point liquid calibration</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu driven touch screen</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software operating systemMicrosoft XPE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample IntroductionAspiration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions (length x width x depth)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>External Power Source230/120 V mains</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 5. Performance Data

No performance characteristics are affected by the change. The performance data submitted in the original submission (K092686) still apply.

# 6. Conclusion

The ABL90 FLEX with the modification described above is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, and characteristics to the predicate ABL90 Flex. For the implementation of the change design control principles (risk management, verification, validation) have been applied which indicated that the change is of no impact to the performance of the device.

Radiometer Medical ApS c/o Martin Gabler Aakandevej 21 Denmark DK-2700

Re: k122642 Trade Name: ABL90 Flex Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\dot { \ S } 8 6 2 . 1 1 2 0$ Regulation Name: Blood gases and blood $\mathsf { p H }$ test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Codes: CHL, CEM, CGA, CGZ, GHS, GKR, JFP, JGS, JIX, KHP, KQI, JJY Dated: October 1, 2012 Received: October 3, 2012

Dear Mr. Gabler:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).

Page 2

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices and Radiological Health at (301) 796-5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance, please contact CDRH'S Office of Surveillance and Biometric's (OSB's) Division of Postmarket Surveillance at (301) 796-576-. For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/Medical   
Devices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance...

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800 638-2041 or (301) 796-5680 or at its Internet address http://www.fda/gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm

Sincerely yours,

C

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122642

Device Name: ABL90 Flex Analyzer

Indications For Use:

The ABL90 FLEX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures pH, blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, lactate, and oximetry in heparinised whole blood. The ABL90 FLEX analyzer is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting. These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

pH, pO2 and pCO2: pH, $p { \mathsf { C O } } 2$ and $p 0 2$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

Potassium $( c \kappa ^ { + } )$ : potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Sodium $( C N a ^ { + } )$ : sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration,inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Calcium $( c c a ^ { 2 + } )$ : calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Chloride (cCl ): chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such a cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

And/Or

Prescription Use _X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122642

Device Name: ABL90 Flex Analyzer

Indications For Use:

Glucose (cGlu): glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lactate (cLac): The lactate measurements measure the concentration of lactate in plasma. Lactate measurements are used to evaluate the acid-base status and are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lactic acidosis (abnormally high acidity of the blood.)

Total Hemoglobin (ctHb): total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

sO2: oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus reduced hemoglobin.

FO2Hb: oxyhemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FCOHb: carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

FMetHb: methemoglobin as a fraction of total hemogiobin.

FHHb: reduced hemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

Fraction of Fetal Hemoglobin (FHbF): FHbF indicates the amount of fetal hemoglobin. FHbF is seldom used clinically.