Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k122177

Submitter Address Phone number Fax number

SEPPIM S.A.S.   
Zone Industrielle, 61500 SEES, FRANCE + 33 (0)2 33 81 21 00   
$^ +$ 33 (0)2 33 2877 51

# Contact

Valérie GOURDON (Email: v.gourdon@elitechgroup.com)

Date of Preparation  July 9, 2012

# Device names

# CALIBRATOR

Trade/proprietary Name: ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN standard 100 mg/dL

Common or Usual Name: Calibrator, "URINE TOTAL PROTEIN Standard 100 mg/dL"

Device Class

Class II

Classification name

CFR 862.1150 - calibrator

Product code

JIT - Calibrator, Secondary

# Predicate device

HORIBA ABX PENTRA TPU Cal (K092570)

# Device description

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN Standard $\scriptstyle 1 0 0 m 8 / \ d L$ is an aqueous solution ready to use containing bovine albumin at a concentration of 100 mg/dL and sodium azide $( < 0 . 1 \% )$

# Intended Use

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN Standard $1 0 0 \ m g / \mathrm { d L }$ is intended for the calibration of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

# Comparison to Predicate device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;&#x27;t.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical&#x27;Systems Device(URINE TOTAL PROTEINStandard 100 mg/dL)$3ra$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1> :        Predicate device(HORIBA ABX PENTRA TPU Cal(K071779)                           &quot;2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems URINETOTAL PROTEIN Standard 100mg/dL is intended for the calibrationof quantitative ELITech ClinicalSystems URINE TOTAL PROTEINon ELITech Clinical Systems Selec-tra Pro Series Analyzers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ABX Pentra TPU Cal is used tocalibrate total proteins in urinemeasurement with ABX PentraUrinary Proteins CP on ABX Pentra400 Analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous solution ready to use con-taining bovine albumin and sodiumazide.      1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A liquid ready to use calibratorbased on an aqueous solution con-taining human serum and sodiumazide.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable with SRM 927d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceable with SRM927</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Before opening:Each standard is stable until theexpiry date stated on the label.- After opening:Each standard vial is stable for 3months when stored tightly-closedat 2-8 C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In unopened vials, the calibrator isstable up to the expiry date writtenon the label if stored at 2-8 C.Once opened, the calibrator is stable for9 weeks when stored tightly recappedat 2-8C.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The performance data and other information demonstrate that the safety and effectiveness of this device versus the predicate devices is not compromised, and that it met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to its respective predicate device.

# Device names

# CONTROLS

Trade/proprietary Name: ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL

Common or Usual Name: Control, "URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL"

Device Class

Class I

# Classification name

CFR 862.1660 - Quality control material (assayed and unassayed).

Product code

JJX - Control, Single analyte.

# Predicate device

Biorad Liquicheck Urine Chemistry Control Level 1 and Level 2 (K020817).

# Device description

ELITEch Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL is a liquid solution prepared from human urine supplemented with constituents of human and animal origin, chemicals, preservatives and stabilizers.

These controls are prepared exclusively from the human urine where each urine donation is tested individually and found to be negative for HbsAg and to

antibodies to HCV and HIV-1/HIV-2 according to FDA-approved methods.

# Intended Use

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL is a set of 2 levels of urine controls used for in vitro diagnostic in the quality control of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems methods on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

# Comparison to Predicate device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems Device(URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL)   ∞4                           , </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device(Biorad Liquicheck Urine ChemistryControl, Level 1 and Level 2(K020817))&quot;²,n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELITech Clinical Systems URINECONTROL BI-LEVEL is a set of 2 lev-els of urine controls for in vitro diagnos-tic used in the quality control of quanti-tative ELITech Clinical Systems meth-ods on ELiTech Clinical Systems Se-lectra Pro Series Analyzers</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquicheck Urine Chemistry Control isintended for use as an assayed qualitycontrol urine.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid ready to use, a liquid solutionprepared from human urine supple-mented with constituents of human andanimal origin, chemicals, preservativesand stabilizers.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid form, prepared from humanurine supplemented with constituentsof human and animal origin, chemicals,preservatives and stabilizers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Before opening:Each control is stable until the expirydate stated on the label.- After opening:Each control vial is stable for 30 dayswhen stored tightly-closed at 2-8 C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product is stable until the expirationdate when stored unopened at 2 to8 °C. Once the control is opened, it isstable 30 days when stored tightlycapped at 2 to 8 C.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion

The performance data and other information demonstrate that the safety and effectiveness of these devices versus the predicate devices are not . compromised, and that it met all acceptance criteria, demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent to its respective predicate device.

# February 15, 2013

ELITechGroup   
c/o Debra K. Hutson   
21720 23rd Dr, S.E., Suite 150   
Bothell, WA 98021

Re: k122177 Trade/Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN Standard 100 mg/dL ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT, JJX Dated: December 27, 2012 Received: December 31, 2012

Dear Ms. Hutson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm1 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): _k122177

Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN Standard 100 mg/dL

Indications for Use:

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN Standard $1 0 0 m g / \mathrm { d L }$ is intended for the calibration of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems URINE TOTAL PROTEIN on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Cheslers

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): _k122177

Device Name: ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL

Indications for Use:

ELITech Clinical Systems URINE CONTROL BI-LEVEL is a set of 2 levels of urine controls used for in vitro diagnostic in the quality control of quantitative ELITech Clinical Systems methods on ELITech Clinical Systems Selectra Pro Series Analyzers.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler