# K122338

# 510(k) Summary 807.92(c)

SPONSOR Company Name:

807.92(a)(1)

Prodigy Diabetes LLC

Company Address:

2701-A Hutchison McDonald Road Charlotte, NC 28269

Telephone: Fax: Contact Person:

704-285-6400 704-285-6475 Rick Admani

NOV 0 5 2013

Summary Preparation Date: November 4, 2013

# DEVICE NAME

Trade Name:   
Common/Usual Name:   
Classification Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Product Code:   
Device Class:   
Panel:

807.92(a)(2) Prodigy® Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System Blood Glucose Meter System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over the Counter 862.1345 NBW, CGA II Clinical Chemistry

# PREDICATE DEVICE

807.92(a)(3)

Legally Marketed Equivalent Device Company Product 510(k) # Diagnostic Devices, Inc. Prodigy Voice BGMS K073118

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

807.92(a)(4)

The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a meter and Prodigy No Coding Test Strips. The system utilizes an electrochemical method-based meter and dry reagent biosensor (test strips) for blood glucose testing. The size of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood and control solutions.

The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System is marketed as a meter only with a carrying case, battery, Owner's Manual, Quick Reference Guide, Logbook, and Warranty Card. The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System is also marketed as a meter kit with a carrying case, battery, Owner's Manual, Quick Reference Guide, Logbook, and Warranty Card,

Prodigy Lancing Device, Prodigy Lancets, Prodigy No Coding Test Strips, and Control Solution. The Prodigy No Coding Test Strips utilizes the active enzyme is Glucose Oxidase, derived from Aspergillus niger.

# DEVICE INTENDED USE

807.92(a)(5)

The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, upper arm, palm, calf or thigh. The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Prodigy No Coding Test Strips are for use with the Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, upper arm, palm, calf or thigh.

Predicate Product Comparison Chart   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prodigy Preferred BGMS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prodigy Voice BGMS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prodigy Diabetes Care, LLC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diagnostic Devices, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K073118</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Prodigy Preferred Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended to beused for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose (sugar) infresh capillary whole blood samplesdrawn from the fingertips, forearm,upper arm, palm, calf or thigh. TheProdigy Preferred Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended to beused by a single person and shouldnot be shared.The Prodigy Preferred Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended forself testing outside the body (in vitro</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Prodigy Voice Blood GlucoseMonitoring System is intended for use inthe quantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh capillary whole bloodfrom the finger and the followingalternative sites: the palm, the forearm,the upper-arm, the calf and the thigh. Itis intended for use by healthcareprofessionals and people with diabetesmellitus at home as an aid in monitoringthe effectiveness of diabetes controlprogram. It is not intended for thediagnosis of or screening for diabetesmellitus.The alternative site testing in this</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">diagnostic use) by people withdiabetes at home as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetescontrol. The Prodigy Preferred BloodGlucose Monitoring System shouldnot be used for the diagnosis of orscreening of diabetes or for neonataluse. Alternative site testing shouldbe done only during steady - statetimes (when glucose is not changingrapidly).The Prodigy No Coding Test Stripsare for use with the ProdigyPreferred Blood Glucose Meter toquantitatively measure glucose(sugar) in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from the fingertips,forearm, upper arm, palm, calf orthigh.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">system can be used only during.steady-state blood glucoseconditions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detectionmethod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry: measuring a currentproduced by a chemical reaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry: measuring a currentproduced by a chemical reaction</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose oxidase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test stripcalibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Code number checking</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Code number checking</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temperaturecompensation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic.compensation with built-in thermister</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic compensation with built-in thermister</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample volume(μL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7 μl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reaction time(sec)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementrange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operatingcondition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50° F - 104°F (10°C- 40°C), below85% R.H. (noncondensing)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50° F-104°F (10°C- 40°C), between10% and 85% R.H. (noncondensing)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip vialopened usetime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90 days</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto shut off(min)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beeping sound and/or error messagein LCD display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beeping sound and/or error messagein LCD display</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Communication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS232 port</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS232 port</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memoryfeature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 measurements with day andtime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450 measurement with day and time</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Day average</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-, 14-, 21-, 28- average glucoseresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-, 14-, 21-, 28-, 60- and 90 dayaverage glucose result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Speakingfunction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">no</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.81 in. (L) x 2.375 in. (W) x 0.75 in.(H)71mm (L) x 60mm (W) x 19mm (H)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.78 in.(L) x 1.7 in.(W) x 0.71 in.(H)95mm (L) x 55mm (W) x 18mm (H)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimension</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6 oz with battery45 g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4 ozs68 g</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Appearance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Picture / illustration of devicePrelerred02:28AM 0-30103Mmg/dl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Picture / illustration of device4-235:37</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">COMPARISON OF TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS            807.92(a)(6)</td></tr></table>

Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System has equivalent technological characteristics and intended use as the Prodigy Voice Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K073118). The Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System does not have the Voice capability.

# PERFORMANCE TESTING

807.92(b)

Precision test

According to the test results, the pooled and maximum SD were less than 5.Omg/dL at glucose concentration <75mg/dL, and pooled and maximum CV were less than $5 . 0 \%$ at glucose concentration ≥75mg/dL. The maximum individual bias was less than $10 \%$ compared with glucose analyzer YSl2300.The test results met the acceptance criteria.

Linearity

According to our test results, the correlation coefficient is greater than 0.95. That is, our test results and YSl 2300 were highly correlated. The linearity of our measurement is acceptable between 20 to $6 0 0 m g / \mathrm { d L }$ . $100 \%$ of the bias of individual glucose results fallen within $\pm 1 0 \%$ . The test results met the acceptance criteria.

# System Accuracy

According to the test results, more than $9 5 \%$ test results of all alternative site tested fall within the acceptance criteria (15mg/dL for blood glucose level $< 7 5 m g / d L$ and $20 \%$ for blood glucose level $\geq 7 5 m g / \mathrm { d t } ]$ . The system accuracy of finger and AST of Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System met the requirement of ISO 15197.

# Interference

The Prodigy Preferred® Blood Glucose Monitoring System was tested for interfering substances.All he bias of test results were $\sim 1 0 \%$ compared with the measurements of the controlled pool. No obvious interference was observed in the interfering substance at therapeutic or physiological levels at tree blood glucose levels.Severe dehydration and excessive water loss may cause false low results. If you believe you are suffering from severe dehydration, consult a healthcare professional immediately.

Elevated blood triglyceride, Reducing substances such as uric acid and ascorbic acid, Acetaminophen, Dopa, Methyldopa, L-dopa, and Tolbutamide (when occurring in normal blood or normal therapeutic concentrations) do not significantly affect results. However, abnormally high concentrations in blood may cause inaccurately high results.

# Hematocrit

According to the data, when blood sample with HCT between $20 \%$ to $60 \%$ , all of the individual difference of the tests compared with individual YSI mean were less than $\pm 1 0 \%$ . All of the individual bias of the tests compared with YSI mean in HCT $40 \%$ was less than $\pm 1 0 \%$ All SD were <5mg/dL and all CV were $1 5 \%$ . The test result supported an acceptance HCT range for Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System was $20 \%$ to $60 \%$ .

Volume Verification Study

Based on the data, the sample volumes between 0.7to 1 $. 5 \mu L$ were fall within acceptable criteria. In order to obtain more accurate results, testing blood glucose value with the Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System required at least $0 . 7 \mu L$ of blood

The glucose measurements with the check strip before and after high temperature exposure is less than $0 . 2 m g / d 1$ The mean difference of the before and after test strip measurements using the control solutions Level N and Level H is less than $3 . 6 m g / d 1$ for each. The test results exceed the acceptance criteria of $2 . 0 \ m g / \alpha L$ difference for the before and after exposure check strip measurements and ${ \bf 5 . 0 \ m g / d L }$ mean difference for the before and after control solution measurements. The meters pass this performance test.

# Altitude Study

It shows the individual results fall within $\pm 1 0 \%$ at the altitude from 91 to 3,402 meters. The results meet the acceptance criteria. So it shows no significant effects on Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System at various altitudes from 298 feet to 11,161 feet (91 to 3,402 meters).

Storage Condition for Prodigy No Coding Test Strips   
According to the test results, all the individual bias was less than $\pm 1 0 \%$ The results show all the unused test strips were stable in a period of 24months and 90 days in used vials even after transportation.

# Temperature for Equipment

The maximum individual bias of the meters treated to extreme temperature measurements compared with the YSI 2300 were $\pm 1 0 \%$ by using venous whole blood. The test results met the acceptance criteria.

Humidity test for Equipment

The maximum individual bias of the meters treated to extreme humidity measurements compared with the YSI 2300were $\yen 10 \%$ by using venous whole blood. The test results met the acceptance criteria.

Operating Condition for Prodigy No Coding Test Strips According to the test results, the performance of individual bias of the test strips evaluated in the extreme environments was less than $\pm 1 0 \%$ , the result meets the acceptance criteria.

Low Temperature Test

The glucose measurements with the check strip before and after low temperature exposure are less than 0.2 mg/dl. The mean difference of the before and after test strip measurements using the control solutions Level Normal and Level High are less than $3 . 9 \ m g / d 1$ for each. The test results exceed the acceptance criteria of $2 . 0 \ m g / d L$ difference for the before and after exposure check strip measurements and $5 . 0 \ m g / d L$ difference for the before and after control solution measurements. The meters pass this performance test.

Humidity Detection Limit

It shows that all Cv of the test results are less than $4 \%$ , that the data is accepted. The total CV of the average values at different humidity levels are less than $4 \%$ for "Normal" and "High" control solution for the humidity range from RH $10 \sim 8 5 \%$ .

High Temperature Test

The glucose measurements with the check strip before and after high temperature exposure is less than $0 . 2 m g / d 1$ . The mean difference of the before and after test strip measurements using the control solutions Level N and Level H is less than $3 . 6 \ m g / d !$ for each.

The test results exceed the acceptance criteria of 2.0 mg/dl difference for the before and after exposure check strip measurements and $5 . 0 \ m g / d L$ mean difference for the before and after control solution measurements. The meters pass this performance test.

Temperature Test

It shows that all precisions of the test results are less than $4 \%$ , so that the data is accepted. The total CV of the average values at different temperatures are less than $4 \%$ for "Normal" and "High" Prodigy control solution for the temperature range from 10 to $4 0 ^ { \circ } C$ They are passed the temperature with the Operating temperature $( 1 0 { \sim } 4 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ and Storage temperature $( 4 \sim 4 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } )$ . Robustness Test

According to the test results, the appearance, structure and function of the meters were quite regular after cleaning and disinfection cycles including 5,000 times for single-patient use claim, and the lancing devices were the same as the testing meters after 156 times cleaning and disinfection cycles. Also, based on the accuracy test, all the individual bias of the test results compared with YSI mean were less than $1 0 m g / d L$ at glucose concentrations $< 7 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and less than $\pm 1 0 \%$ at glucose concentrations $\geq 7 5 ~ m g / d L$ . The test results met acceptance criteria.

Disinfection Efficacy Validation Study

In order to evaluate the efficacy of disinfection procedure with specified disinfectant that is DISPATCH®Hospital Cleaner Disinfection Towel with Bleach, coupons from the four test articles, Blood Glucose Meter were tested in this study. Our assay followed the guidance of FDA and carried out in a strict manner for safety considerations. The result revealed that HBV of clinical sera could be efficaciously removed from the Blood Glucose Meter provided by OKBiotech CO.,

Ltd after completing the designed disinfection procedure. The study demonstrates the disinfection procedure and virucidal would be a robust method to protect the users to avoid HBV infection.

Software Validation

The Software of Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Meter meets the requirements of FDA's guidance document "Guidance for the Content of Pre-market Submission for Software Contained in Medical Devices".

Human Factor Study

Ease of Us $e = 9 8 . 5 \%$ Label Comprehension $= 9 9 . 5 \%$

Electrical Testing

EN 61236-1 EMC Test $\mathbf { \equiv } =$ Passed   
EN 60601-1-2 EMC Test $\equiv$ Passed   
FCC CFR 47 18 Subpart ${ \sf C } =$ Passed   
Design verification and validation testing confirmed that the performance, safety, and   
effectiveness of the Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System was equivalent to that of the predicate device.

# Conclusion

The Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose monitoring System is substantially equivalent in its intended use, performance, safety, effectiveness and the underlying scientific and operating principles used, to the predicate Prodigy Voice Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K073118).

# November 5, 2013

PRODIGY DIABETES CARE, LLC C/O E.J. SMITH, CONSULTANT SMITH ASSOCIATES 1468 HARWELL AVENUE CROFTON MD 21114

Re: K122338 Trade/Device Name: Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: 1I Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: October 28, 2013 Received: October 29, 2013

Dear E.J. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarkel notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactiment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but nol limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Parl 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2—E.J. Smith

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htn.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K122338

Device Name Prodigy Preferred Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

Bi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

on be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

T   Be .

PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY