# K/22688

# 510(k) Summary

# APR 4 2013

A. Date Prepared: November 8, 2012   
B. 510(K) Owner: Nova Biomedical Corporation 200 Prospect St. Waltham, MA 02454 USA Contact Person: Paul W. MacDonald Phone: 781-894-0800 Fax Number: 784-891-4806 Registration Number: 1219029

C.Device Information

Proprietary Name: Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitor System   
Common Or Usual Name: Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor   
Classification Name: System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over the Counter

4. Classification: Class II (assay) and Class I, Reserved Controls

5. Product Codes: NBW, Blood Glucose Test System, Over-the-Counter LFR, Glucose Dehydrogenase JJY, Multi-Analyte Controls JIN, Ketones

Regulatory Section:

21 CFR 862.1345, Glucose Test System   
21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control (assayed and unassayed)   
21 CFR 862.1435, Ketone Test System

7. Panel:

Clinical Chemistry (75)

D. Intended Use:

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose or β-hydroxybutyrate (β-ketone) in fresh capillary whole blood. It is intended for single-patient home use and should not be used for testing multiple patients. It is intended for self-testing outside the body by people with diabetes mellitus as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor System is specifically indicated for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood obtained from the fingertip or alternative site testing on the forearm, or β-ketone in whole blood capillary samples

i o grnGo e a an sy steady-state blood glucose conditions.

The Nova Max Mini is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, and it is not intended for use on neonates.

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for use only with the Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose Monitor System to quantitatively measure capillary blood glucose from the finger and forearm.

The Nova Max Mini Ketone Test Strips are intended for use only on the Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor System to quantitatively measure capillary $\beta$ hydroxybutyrate from the finger.

Nova Max Mini Glucose/Ketone Control Solutions are intended for use with the Nova Max Mini Glucose and $\beta$ Ket Montor and s strips s  quality control check  ver accuracy of test results. There are two levels  controls, Level  an Level

E. Device Description:

Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor

The monitor is a hand-held testing device that works in conjunction with Nova Max Mini glucose test strips to measure glucose or the Nova Max Mini $\beta$ Ketone test strips to measure $\beta$ -ketone in a whole blood sample. Monitor operation is self-prompting using three uinterac butts. In addition easuri glucose and keto the onioraso soes patient test and quality control test data.

The self-prompting menu system is navigated by means of a three-button keypad. It offers aeac  pu, ndble nd/orvisl bc r pts nd alerts.

A battery low" warning will alert the user to change the batteries.Battery charge state information is available on the "monitor status screen".The user can select the auto shutoff n to conserve power when he monitor is ot inuTest dat and monitor seu inforation will be stored in a non-volatil format t prevent data oss.

Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose Test Strips

The test stripscontain  eaction yer hatcntains  glucoe-nzyme greater han1.U) and ferricyanide as a mediator and willutilize glucose dehydrogenase flavin-adenine oAyil bl t h  ee  suc at when a ro b touched to the end of the strip, the blood is drawn into the reaction space via capillary action. A simple one-step process provides a blood glucose result. Ten test strips will be p   laely test strips are manufactured by Nova Biomedical and identical to those cleared for market with the predicate Nova Max One Blood Glucose Monitor System (K112638).

# Nova Max Mini $\beta$ Ketone Test Strips

The Nova Max Mini $\beta$ -Ketone test strips contain a reaction layer that contains the enzyme $\beta -$ EPY hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase (Alcaligenes fecalis) greater than or equal to 0.3 IU; mediator greater than or equal to $0 . 4 2 \mu \ g .$ coenzyme equal or greater than $0 . 2 8 \mu \mathfrak { g }$ and aditnal ingredients (polymers, buffersThe test stripis touched o a drop  bloo o niate the test process.Te stri is designed such that when a drop of blood is touched o e b  i simple one-step process provides a blood $\beta$ Ketone result displayed on the monitor. Two ketone test strips will be provided with the meter kit and will also be available separately in cartns f0 strips. Ketone strips are individually packaged in foil pouches. The ketone test sis enticalhe cleared orarket with e preicae Nova Max Pus Bloo Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitor (K091547).

# Control Solutions

The control solutions are aqueous assayed solutions, containing buffered D-Glucose, $\beta .$ . Ketone, viscosity-adjusting agent, preservatives and other non-reactive ingredients (dye). They contain o products of human origin.There are two levels of controls, (Level 2 and Level One levelof control (Level  wll be provid with the monitr and both levels will valable raey e cnls acu Nova Biomedical and identical to those cleared for market as Nova Max Plus Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Control Solution (K101633).

# F. Summary of Technological Characteristics:

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor is the same device cleared in K091547 (Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor System) and K112638 (Nova Max One Blood Glucose Monitor) and has the same fundamental scientific technology. The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor is substantially equivalent to the Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor and the Nova Max One Blood Glucose Monitor.

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose Monitor measures glucose electrochemically as described in K112638 (Nova Max One Glucose Monitor System) and measures ketone electrochemically as described in K091547 (Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor). In the same manner, the magnitude of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose or ketone present in the sample, providing a quantitative measure of glucose or ketone in whole blood and control solutions.

G.Predicate Device:

K091547 - Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor System K112638 - Nova Max One Blood Glucose Monitor System

H.Comparison to Predicate Devices:

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor, while smaller than both the Nova Max Plus (K091547) and the Nova Max One (K112638) Monitors, has the same fundamental scientific technology and user interface. The only changes made to the components of the system as compared to the cleared systems (K091547 and K112638) e smaller housing and display.The Nova Max Mini Monitor has he same indications for use as the Nova Max Plus Monitor System and uses the same technology for glucose measurement as the Nova Max One Monitor System. The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor is substantially equivalent to the Nova Max Plus Blood Glucose β- Ketone and Nova Max One Glucose Monitor System. Please see the table Comparison of Predicate and Proposed Devices below.

# I. Performance Studies:

The performance of the Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor was studied in the laboratory settings. The studies demonstrated that the device can provide glucose or ketone results that are substantially equivalent to the current methods for blood glucose and ketone measurements obtained from capillary blood.

# J. Conclusion:

Results flaboratory testing demonstrate that the Nova Max Mini Blood Glucosean $\beta -$ Ketone Monitor produces results that are substantially equivalent to results obtained on the predicate devices. The system performs as intended and raises no new safety or effectiveness issues.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - Nova Max One BloodGlucose Monitor System - K112638</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - Nova Max Plus BloodGlucose and β-Ketone Monitor System -K091547</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed - Nova Max Mini BloodGlucose and β-Ketone Monitor System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Measured</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose or β-Ketone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose or β-Ketone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric Electro-chemical Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric Electro-chemical Sensor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Coulometric Electro-chemical Sensor</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Nova Max One Blood GlucoseMonitor is intended to be used for thequantitative measurement of glucosein fresh capillary whole blood. It isintended for single-patient home useand should not be used for testingmultiple patients. It is intended forself testing outside the body bypeople with diabetes mellitus as anaid to monitor the effectiveness ofdiabetes control. The Nova Max OneBlood Glucose Monitor is specificallyindicated for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose in freshwhole blood capillary samplesobtained from the fingertip oralternative site testing (AST) on theforearm. AST on the forearm can beused only during steady-state bloodglucose conditions. It is not intendedfor the diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes, and it is not intended foruse on newborns.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Nova Max Plus Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring System is intended tobe used for the quantitative measurementof glucose or β-hydroxybutyrate (β-Ketone) in fresh capillary whole blood. Itis intended for use by people withdiabetes mellitus in the home and byhealthcare professionals in clinicalsettings as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control. It is notintended for use in the diagnosis of orscreening for diabetes mellitus and is notintended for use on neonates. The NovaMax Plus Monitor is specifically indicatedfor the quantitative measurement ofglucose in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples obtained from the fingertip,forearm, and palm or β-ketone in freshcapillary whole blood samples obtainedfrom the fingertip only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor System is intended to beused for the quantitative measurement ofglucose or β-hydroxybutyrate (β-ketone)in fresh capillary whole blood. It isintended for single-patient home use andshould not be used for testing multiplepatients. It is intended for self-testingoutside the body by people with diabetesmellitus as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control. TheNova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor System is specificallyindicated for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose in fresh capillarywhole blood obtained from the fingertip oralternative site testing on the forearm, orβ-ketone in whole blood capillary samplesobtained from the fingertip only. GlucoseAST on the forearm can be used onlyduring steady-state blood glucoseconditions.The Nova Max Mini is not intended for thediagnosis of or screening for diabetes,and it is not intended for use on neonates.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose TestStrips are intended for use only with theNova Max Mini Blood Glucose MonitorSystem to quantitatively measurecapillary blood glucose from the fingerand forearm.The Nova Max Mini Ketone Test Stripsare intended for use only on the NovaMax Mini Blood Glucose and β-KetoneMonitor System to quantitatively measurecapillary β-hydroxybutyrate from thefinger.Nova Max Mini Glucose/Ketone ControlSolutions are intended for use with theNova Max Mini Glucose and β-KetoneMonitor and test strips as a quality controlcheck to verify the accuracy of testresults. There are two levels of controls,(Level 2 and Level 3).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KET MeasuringRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 - 8.0 mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1 - 8.0 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HematocritRange</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% to 60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% to 60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25% to 60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary blood from the fingertip,forearm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary blood from the fingertip, forearmand palm (Ketone fingertip only)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary blood from the fingertip, forearm(Ketone fingertip only)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU Samplesize</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4 μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketone Units</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sampleapplication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test strip capillary draw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test strip capillary draw</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test strip capillary draw</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handheld meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 blood glucose and controlsolution tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 blood glucose and controlsolution tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 400 blood glucose and controlsolution tests</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU Analysisime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Insulin Tracking</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KET AnalysisTime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 seconds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 volt coin cell battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 volt coin cell battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 volt coin cell battery</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLU Test StripsActive reagent:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose.Dehydrogenase - FAD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Dehydrogenase - FAD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">KET Test StripsActive reagent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test StripCalibrationCoding</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No User Input of Calibration coderequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No User Input of Calibration coderequired</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No User Input of Calibration coderequired</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lancing Device:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova Reusable Lancing Device andLancets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova Reusable Lancing Device andLancets</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nova Reusable Lancing Device andLancets</td></tr></table>

April 4, 2013

Nova Biomedical Corporation c/o Paul MacDonald, Ph.D. . 200 Prospect Street WALTHAM MA 02454

Re: k122688 Trade/Device Name: Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and B-ketone Monitor System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Namne: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JJY, JIN Dated: March 22, 2013 Received: March 25, 2013

Dear Dr. MacDonald:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 87.9 For questions regarding the reporting  dverse events under the MDR regulatin 1 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htum.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

.Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K122688

Device Name:

Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitor System

# Indications for Use:

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitor System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose or $\beta$ -hydroxybutyrate $\beta$ -ketone) in fresh capillary whole blood. It is intended for single-patient home use and should not be used for testing multiple pants. Is intended or el-estingutside the body by peole wit dibees mellitus as n to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitor System is specifically indicated for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood obtained from the fingertip or alternative site testing on the forearm, or $\beta$ - ketone in whole blood capillary samples obtained from the fingertip only. Glucose AST on the forearm can be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions.

The Nova Max Mini is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, and it is not intended for use on neonates.

The Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended for use only with the Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose Monitor System to quantitatively measure capillary blood glucose from the finger and forearm.

The Nova Max Mini Ketone Test Strips are intended for use only on the Nova Max Mini Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitor System to quantitatively measure capillary β-hydroxybutyrate from the finger.

Nova Max Mini Glucose/Ketone Control Solutions are intended for use with the Max Mini Glucose or $\beta$ eT Stris s a qualityontl check  eriy heuracy  s esults. The two levels of controls, (Level 2 and Level 3).

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)