# KI22340

# 510(k) Summary 807.92(c)

SPONSOR Company Name:

807.92(a)(1)

Prodigy Diabetes LLC

Company Address:

9300 Harris Corners Parkway Suite 450 Charlotte, NC 28269

Telephone: Fax: Contact Person:

704-285-6400 704-285-6475 Rick Admani

NOV 2 6 2013

Summary Preparation Date: October 24, 2013

# DEVICE NAME

Trade Name:   
Common/Usual Name:   
Classification Name:   
Regulation Number:   
Product Code:   
Device Class:   
Panel:

807.92(a)(2) Prodigy® Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System Blood Glucose Meter System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over the Counter 862.1345 NBW, CGA II Clinical Chemistry

# PREDICATE DEVICE

807.92(a)(3)

Legally Marketed Equivalent Device Company Product Diagnostic Devices, Inc. Prodigy Voice BGMS

510(k) # K073118

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION

807.92(a)(4)

The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of a meter and test strips. The system utilizes an electrochemical method-based meter and dry reagent biosensor (test strips) for blood glucose testing. The size of the current is proportional to the amount of glucose present in the sample, providing a quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh whole blood and control solutions.

The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System is marketed as a meter only with a carrying case, battery, Owner's Manual, Quick Reference Guide, Logbook, and Warranty Card. The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System is also marketed as a meter kit with a carrying case, battery, Owner's Manual, Quick Reference Guide, Logbook, and Warranty Card, Prodigy Lancing Device, Prodigy Lancets, Prodigy No Coding Test Strips, and Control Solution. The Prodigy No Coding Test Strips utilize the enzyme glucose oxidase, which is derived from recombinant protein derived from the fungus Aspergillus niger.

# DEVICE INTENDED USE

807.92(a)(5)

The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, palm, upper-arm, calf or thigh. The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady - state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The Prodigy Choice Test Strips are for use with the Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearm, palm, upper-arm, calf or thigh.

# COMPARISON OF TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS

807.92(a)(6)

Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System has equivalent technological characteristics and intended use as the Prodigy Voice Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K073118). The Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System does not have the Voice capability.

# PERFORMANCE TESTING

807.92(b)

Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System was tested to the required standards for blood glucose monitoring systems including:

Prodigy Choices Blood Glucose Monitoring System was also tested for label comprehension anc usability with a Human Factor Study.

# November 26. 2013

PRODIGY DIABETES CARE. LLC c/o E.J. SMITH SMITH ASSOCIATES 1468 HARWELL AVENUE CROFTON MD 21114

Re: K122340 Trade/Device Name: Prodigy Choice Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: NBW. CGA Dated: October 21. 2013 Received: October 21. 2013

Dear Mr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to markel the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmctic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore, market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Acl. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice, labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does nol mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicec-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2— E.J. Smith

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Interet address htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21. CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its lntemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name Prodigy Choice Blood Ghucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Doscnbe)

Thei Glucose Monitoring System is intcnded to be used by a singlo person and should not be shared.

iab con Bo Gl only during steady - state times (when glucose is oct changing rapidly).

o B fresh copiltary whole biood samples drawn from the fingertips, forearo, palm, upper-erm, colf or thigh.

# Stayce Beck

FORM FDA 3881 (9M3)