K122370

# 510(k) SUMMARY

A summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Submitter Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bayer Healthcare, Diabetes Care</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">430 S Beiger StMishawaka IN 46544</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phone number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">574-256-3441</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fax number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">547-256-3519</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EstablishmentRegistrationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1826988SEP 2 6 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name ofcontact person</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roger Sonnenburg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">08/03/2012</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Name of device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade orproprietaryname</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contour® NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Meter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common orusual name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Glucose Meter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classificationname</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 LFR Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucose</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry and Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1345</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product code(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LFR (Glucose Dehyrogenase, Glucose), NBW (System, Test, Blood Glucose,Over The Counter)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legally marketeddevice(s) to whichequivalence iscclaimed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K110894 Contour® NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Meter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for 510(k)submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This submission is to add a Medtronic MiniMed pump, the 530G, to the list ofMedtronic devices listed in the Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Contour® NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System consistsof a blood glucose meter, dry test strips and liquid controls to be used for themeasurement of glucose in capillary whole blood by persons with diabetes.The System has the same automatic calibration as the predicate device. Bloodglucose results are displayed on the meter window and stored in the meter'smemory. The System also contains radio frequency (RF) functions for sendingBGM results to compatible Medtronic MiniMed insulin pumps. The RF functioncan also serve as a pass through for data being transmitted from MedtronicMiniMed insulin pumps to Medtronic's MiniMed PC-based data managementsoftware.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Intended use of the device</td><td>See indications for use below</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for use</td><td>The Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is an over the counter (OtC) device utilized by persons with diabetes in home settings for the measurement of glucose in whole blood, and is for single-patient use only and should not be shared. The Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is indicated for use with fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip and palm only. Contour NExT Test Strips are intended for self-testing by persons with</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities to Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceContour NEXT LINK WirelessK110894</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceContour NEXT Link Wireless</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contour NEXT Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multi-pulse algorithm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alphanumeric, Iconic, NativeLanguage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number of buttons</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display (technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graphical (OLED)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Radio-frequencycommunication</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences from Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceContour NEXT Link WirelessK110894</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceContour NEXT Link Wireless</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Includes the following Medtronicdevices: Medtronic MiniMedParadigm Insulin Pumps orMedtronic MiniMed ParadigmREAL-Time Revel Insulin Pumpsor Medtronic MiniMedParadigm® REAL-TIME InsulinPumps or Guardian REAL-TIMEMonitor.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Adds Medtronic MiniMed 530G InsulinPump to the Indications for Use</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION DATA</td></tr><tr><td>Please refer to PMA submission P120010 for verification and validation reports on the performance of the Contour NEXT Link Wireless Blood Glucose Meter with the Medtronic MiniMed 530G Insulin Pump.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM NON-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL DATA</td></tr><tr><td>The performance of the Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the performance of the previously cleared Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K110894).</td></tr></table>

Bayer Healthcare c/o Mr. Roger Sonnenburg 430 Sourth Beiger St. MISHAWAKA IN 46544

Re: K122370 Trade/Device Name: Contour Next Link Wireless Blood Glucose Monitor Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR Dated: September 20, 2013 Received: September 23, 2013

Dear Mr. Sonnenburg:

We have reviewed your Section S10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmctic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (sece above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device cn found in the Code of Fcderal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial cquivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complics with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, bul not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 87.9.For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), plcase go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K122370

Device Name: Contour® NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

The Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is an over the counter (OTC) device utilized by persons with diabetes in home settings for the measurement of glucose in whole blood, and is for single-patient use only and should not be shared. The Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is incat  wih  apillry who bo mpwnfme ng palm only.

Contour NEXT Test Strips are intended for self-testing by persons with diabetes for the quantitative measurement of glucose in whole blood samples from 20 to 600 mg/dL.

The Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used to transmit glucose values to Medtronic MiniMed Paradigm Insulin Pumps or Medtronic MiniMed Paradigm REAL-Time Revel Insulin Pumps or Medtronic MiniMed Paradigm REAL-TIME Insulin Pumps or Medtronic MiniMed 530G Insulin Pumps or Guardian REAL-TIME Monitor and facilitate transfer of information to Medtronic MiniMed Carelink Therapy Management Software through use of radio frequency communication.

The Contour NEXT LINK Wireless Blood Glucose Monitoring System is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus and is not intended for use on neonates.

Prescription Use _ AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use x (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEDED)