# Section V 510(K) Summary

This Summary of 510(K) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of (Per 21 CFR 807.92)

Submitter's Name

Visgeneer Inc.

No.188, Sec.3, Gongdao 5th Rd., Hsinchu City 30069, Taiwan

Tel: +886-5160111 Fax: +886-5160161

AUG 1 5 2013

Contact Person: Jack Yang

Date prepared: June $1 4 ^ { \mathfrak { t h } }$ ,2013

Name of Device

Trade Name: eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System Common Name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA, glucose oxidase, glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW, system, test, blood glucose,over the counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I,reserved</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX, single (specified) analytecontrols (assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device:

# Visgeneer Inc., eBsensor Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K062555)

Description of Device:

Based on an electrochemical biosensor technology and the principle of capillary action, eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System only needs a small amount of blood. Capillary action at the end of the test strip draws the blood into the action chamber and the blood glucose result is displayed on the meter. This system contains some speaking functions, but is not intended for use by the visually impaired.

The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System consists of the eBchek Meter, eBchek test strips with instruction, lancing device, lancets, code card, two AAA Batteries, users manual, carrying case. eB-series control solutions (previously cleared in K062555 as eBsensor control solution) with two different glucose concentration ranges (Level 1 and Level 2) are available but sold separately.

Intended Use:

The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes mellitus or for neonatal use. The eBchek Glucose Meter contains some speaking functions, but is not intended for use by the visually impaired.

eBchek Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the eBchek Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

eB-series Control Solutions are for use with the eBchek Blood Glucose Meter and eBchek Blood Glucose Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(K062555)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eBchek</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eBsensor (Model : eB-G)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electrochemical   biosensorwith carbon electrodes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement unit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL or mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose oxidase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eB-series control solution(contains D-glucose, twodifferent concentrations areused, ie. Level 1:100 mg/dLand Level 2:300 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same composition and mixture, but underlabeling of eBsensor control solution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A Code card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code card(for each batch oftest strip)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Strip Dimension</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9mm*32mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Power</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two 1.5 V AAA batteries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Temp.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4 to 42 </td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 85%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0~50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single patient</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single patient and Healthcare Professionals</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 sec</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HCT Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20~60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 ~55 %</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detecting Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 ~ 600 mg/dL(1.1~33.3mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 ~ 600 mg/dL(1.6~33.3mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Slot location</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bottom</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Top</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Check</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Autocheck</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Check Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Average Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7, 14 and 28 days</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450 blood glucose result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 blood glucose results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alarm clock</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Talking Function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">English/Chinese</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter DimensionLength X Width X Height</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95 mm X 55 mm X 18.5 mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87 mm X 60mm X 21 mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meter Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85 g</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75g</td></tr></table>

The Subject device is different from the predicate device in the following aspects:

\*Meter: ergonomic/physical design, hardware, slight modification of firmware and electronics to include talking function.

\*Strips: Modifications in GOD enzyme dosage and the reaction chamber on the eBchek test strips was made to fill blood samples according to the specified volume. \*Control Solution: There are no changes to the ingredients of Normal and High Control Solutions from the predicate. Proposed labeling is changed from previously cleared k number K062555, eBsensor control solution to eB-series control solution. There have been no changes to the operating principle or general scientific technology from the predicate.

# Performance Studies

Study is based on IS0 15197: In vitro diagnostic test systems- Requirements for bloodglucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus. Performance on the eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System demonstrated that the device meets the requirements for its intended use. The data demonstrates that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate and raises no safety or effectiveness issues.

# Conclusion

The modification of eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System does not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device. The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.

August 15, 2013

Visgeneer, Inc.   
C/O Jack Yang   
No. 188, Sec. 3, Gongdao 5th Rd. Hsinchu City 30069, Taiwan

Re: K122181 Trade/Device Name: cBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JX Dated: July 31, 2013 Received: August 8, 2013

Dear Mr. Yang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarkct approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The l cnos ois  c c uentsl ta, ls devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not cvaluate information related to contract liability warrantics. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your devicc complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Fedcral agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse cvents) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to hup://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffies/CDRH/CDRHOffies/ucmIl15809.htm for

Page 2—Mr. Yang

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtncy H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K122181

Device Name: eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared.

The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The eBchek Blood Glucose Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening of diabetes mellitus or for neonatal use. The eBchek Glucose Meter contains some speaking functions, but is not intended for use by the visually impaired.

eBchek Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the eBchek Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

eB-series Control Solutions are for use with the eBchek Blood Glucose Meter and eBchek Blood Glucose Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and that the test is performing correctly.

Prescription Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

And/Or

Over the Counter Use X. (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Katherine Serrano -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health