# 5. 510(k) Summary as Required by 21 CFR 807.92

K122534

A. 510(k) Number:   
B. Purpose for Submission:   
C. Measurand:   
D. Type of Test:   
E. Applicant: 1. Address:

New Device Quality Control materials for the IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA assay (LKUP)

Calibration Verification Material (CVM) for IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA assay

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. 511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

2. Contact Person:

Garo Mimaryan, MS, RAC Technical Regulatory Affairs Specialist III

3.Phone Number:

(914)-524-3270

IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA Calibration Verification Material

21 CFR 862.1660, Quality Control Material

Class I   
JJX - Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and   
Unassayed)   
Clinical Chemistry (75)

4. Panel: H. Intended Use: .Intended Use(s): 2. Indications for Use:

See Indications for Use below.   
The IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is intended for monitoring system performance of the IMMULITE   
Immunoassay System for the quantitative measurement of PSA antigen.   
3. Special Conditions for Use Statement(s).   
4. Special Instrument Requirements:

For prescription use only.

IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Systems

I. Device Description:

The Calibration Verification Material (CVM) contains one set of four vials, $3 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ each. L3PSCVM1 contains processed chicken serum matrix with preservative. L3PSCVM2, L3PSCVM3 and L3PSCVM4 contain Iow, intermediate and high levels of PSA respectively, in processed chicken serum matrix with preservative.

J. Substantial Equivalence Information: 1. Predicate Device Name: 2. Predicate 510(k) No. 3. Comparison with Predicate:

Access Hybritech p2PSA QC   
k112603   
A comparison of the device features, intended use, and other information demonstrates that the IMMULITE $\mathfrak { Q } /$ IMMULITE 1000 PSA Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is   
substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Access   
Hybritech p2PSA QC, as summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>REAGENT SIMILARITIES and DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceIMMULITE/IMMULITE 1000 ThirdGeneration PSA CVM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceAccess Hybritech p2PSA QC</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000Third Generation PSA CalibrationVerification Material (CVM) isintended for monitoring systemperformance of the IMMULITEImmunoassay system for thequantitative measurement of PSAantigen.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Hybritech p2PSA QCare tri-level controls intended formonitoring system performance ofimmunoenzymatic procedures forthe quantitative measurement of [-2]pro PSA isoform of ProstateSpecific Antigen (PSA) using theAccess Immunoassay Systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[-2]proPSA isoform of ProstateSpecific Antigen (PSA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable until the expiration date whenstored frozen.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Stable until the expiration date whenstored frozen.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20°C or colder</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Processed (pH-treated) Chicken Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum Albumin andbuffering salts</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Single Use Only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not for Single Use</td></tr></table>

# K. Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced:

CEN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents Guidance for Industry - Abbreviated 510(k) Submissions for In Vitro Diagnostic Calibrators Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

L. Test Principle: Not Applicable

# M. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility: Not Applicable b. Linearity/assay Reportable Range: Not Applicable c. Traceability, Stability, Expected Values (controls, calibrators, methods):

Traceability: The IMMULITE Third Generation PSA Calibration Verification Materials are traceable to Gold Standards prepared using purified PSA antigen stock solution which had its concentration defined by optical density. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures.

Stability: The IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation Calibration Verification Materials are stable up to 12 months when stored frozen at ${ \mathfrak { - 2 0 } } ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ prior to opening. Unopened stability is indicated by expiration date on the label when stored at ${ \bf - } 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Value Assignment: The IMMULITE CVMs are value assigned using a previous reference lot of materials. Standards are prepared using the purified $( 2 9 8 \%$ purityPSA antigen stock solution whose concentration was defined by optical density. The CVMs are manufactured using qualified materials and measurement procedures. The CVMs are tested on a minimum of nine runs comprised of a minimum of three systems and two different reagent kit lots. CVM values are derived by data reduction for each run on each instrument. CVM values are then averaged across all systems.

Production lots of CVMs are value assigned against the previous reference lot using two reagent kit lots and on a minimum of three different instruments. Quality control is performed by calculating the recovery of patient sample panels and controls using the assigned calibrator and CVM values. The calibrator values are calculated based on the recovered values for each run independently. Three levels of commercially available controls, twenty-five spiked human serum samples and five male patient samples are used to validate CVM value assignments.

The spiking recovery of the IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA Calibration Verification Material (CVM) was determined to investigate potential matrix effects from using processed $\mathrm { \Phi _ { \mathrm { p H } } }$ -treated) Chicken Serum. Siemens spiked three concentrations of purified PSA antigen into human serum and an evaluation .lot comprised of chicken serum. The PSA values of the evaluation lot were compared to the human serum lots. The acceptance criteria were $1 0 0 \% \pm 1 5 \%$ with an overall average of $\pm 1 0 \%$ . Each of the samples met the acceptance criteria, and Siemens concluded that there were no matrix effects.

$d .$ Detection limit: Not Applicable e. Analytical Specificity: Not Applicable $f .$ Assay cut-off: Not Applicable

2. Comparison Studies

a. Method Comparison with predicate device: Not Applicable b. Matrix Comparison: Not Applicable

3. Clinical Studies:

a. Clinical Sensitivity and Specificity: Not Applicable b. Other clinical supportive data (when a. and b. are not applicable): Not Applicable

4. Clinical Cut-off: Not Applicable

5. Expected Values/Reference Range:

Each CVM level was tested for a total of 27 replicates; 9 runs and 3 replicates per run. 2 different reagent kit lots and 9 different instruments were used to gain the 27 replicates. The Guideline Range ( $9 5 \%$ confidence interval) for each CVM level was established based on the Target Mean and $\pm \nobreakspace 2 \nobreakspace$ Standard Deviation (SD). The expected values are provided in the IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 PSA Calibration verification Material lot-specific value sheet. The expected assay range is $0 . 0 1 5 - 2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The values below can be considered as guidelines.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Catalog andLot number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetMean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Guideline Range(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3PSCVM1 D101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>≤ 0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3PSCVM2 D101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.085</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3PSCVM3 D101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L3PSCVM4 D101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.4</td></tr></table>

# Expected Values:

Each laboratory should establish their limits for acceptability based on methodology, clinical significance and medical decision levels of the test analyte. The representative, total precision tabulated in the respective assay instructions for use may be considered as one factor when establishing local, acceptable ranges. The values provided above may be considered as guidelines. Value assignment is lot specific.

# N. Proposed Labeling:

The labeling is sufficient and it satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10

O. Conclusion: The IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 PSA Calibration verification Material is substantially equivalent to other products in commercial distribution intended for similar use. Most notably, it is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed Access Hybritech p2PSA QC.

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. c/o Mr. Garo Mimaryan   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist III   
511 Benedict Avenue   
Tarrytown, NY 10591

Re: k122534 Trade/Device Name: IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA Calibratio Verification Material Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality Control Material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: Class I Product Code: JJX Dated: March 5, 2013 Received: March 8, 2013

Dear Mr. Mimaryan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria-MoChan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k122534

Device Name: IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA Calibration Verification Material

# Indication for Use:

The IMMULITE®/IMMULITE 1000 Third Generation PSA Calibration Verification Material (CVM) is intended for monitoring system performance of the IMMULITE Immunoassay system for the quantitative measurement of PSA antigen.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety (OIVD)