# K123050

# ST0(K) SUMMARY

# 1. Date:

January 28, 2013

2. Submitter:

NanTong EGENS Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
Building 15. Building 12( west), No. 1692 Xinghu Avenue, Nantong Economy & Technology Development Zone, 226010 Nantong, P.R CHINA   
Telephone:+85 513-85920700   
Fax:0513-85328020

3. Name of contact person:

Joe Xia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave.,   
Suite F Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Telephone: 301-250-0831   
Fax: 301-916-6213   
Email:jxia@lsi-consulting.org

4. Device Name:

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream 1)

Classification: Allare Classmedical devices with the following various product codes with Code o Federal Regulation references:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.1155</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JHI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.1155</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

1. K993317 Acon Laboratories, Inc. ACON® One Step Pregnancy Test Device,

# 6. Intended Use:

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitativdetection HuChorcGoorophiGnrmpls in thear dtetn pregnancy by both professional and home users.

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection Human Chorionic Gonadotrophin HGin urie samples in theary detetion pregnancy by both professional and home users.

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay or the qualitativdetectin HumanChorcGonadotrophin HCGiure samples in thearlydetetin pregnancy by home users.

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitativedetectionHumanChorncGonadotrophn CGinur samples tn theydetetin pregnancy by home users.

# 7. Device Description:

One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test measures the presence of the hormone Human Chorionic Gonadotrophin (HCG) in human urine for the early detection of pregnancy. During pregnancy, HCG is produced by the hor t pa the first day after a missed period. As pregnancy progresses, higher levels of HCG are present in urine at concentrations of $2 5 m | \Delta / m |$ (Milli-International Units) or greater. The concentration of HCG in non-pregnant women is normally $5 . 0 m / \downarrow / m \vert$ . At the time of the last missed menstrual period, urine HCG levels are about 100mU/ml with peak levels of 100,000 to 200,00mlU/ml. The test devices are n four different frats:Strip, Cassette, Midstream I , and Midstream II.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of the features of the One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip), One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette), One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I), One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream II), and the predicate devices is shown in the following Tables.

Features Comparison of One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip, Cassette, Midstream I, Midstream I) and the Predicate Devices

<table><tr><td>Item &quot;</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate — K993317</td></tr><tr><td>Indication(s) for Use</td><td>For the qualitative determination of hCG in urine.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>User</td><td>Prescription and over the counter</td><td>Prescription</td></tr><tr><td>Format</td><td>Strip, cassette</td><td>cassette</td></tr><tr><td>Type of Test</td><td>Colloidal Gold Immunoassay</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Type</td><td>Human Urine</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Cut Off Values</td><td>25 mlU/mL</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Traceability</td><td>WHO International Standard 3 Edition</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate - K993317</td></tr><tr><td>Indication(s) for Use</td><td>For the qualitative detemination of hCG in urine.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>User</td><td>over the counter</td><td>Prescription</td></tr><tr><td>Format</td><td>midstream</td><td>cassette</td></tr><tr><td>Type of Test</td><td>Colloidal Gold Immunoassay</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Specimen Type</td><td>Human Urine</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Cut Off Values</td><td>25 mlU/mL</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Traceability</td><td>WHO International Standard 3&quot;d Edition</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

EGENS one step HCG urine pregnancy test kits have similar technological characteristics and performances to the predicate.

# 9. Standard/Guidance Document Reference

• ISO 14971:2007, Medical Devices-Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices

10. Test Principle

One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test measures the presence of the hormone Human Chorionic Gonadotrophin (HCG) in human urine for the early detection of pregnancy. During pregnancy, HCG is prced by the placenta shortly aer the ebryo aches to the terie lining. This test is capabe detecting pregnancy the first day after a missed period. As pregnancy progresses, higher levels of HCG are present inurineat concentrations of 25mlU/ml (Milli-Intenational Units) or greaterThe concentration HCG in non-pregnant women is normally 5.OmlU/ml. At the time of the last missed menstrual period, urine HCG levels are about 100mlU/ml with peak levels of 100,000 to 200,000mlU/ml.

The HCG assay is a rapid one-step test based on immunochromatographic technology. This device is composed of glass fiber strips of the monoclonal antibody against HCG, anti-mouse IgG, solid cellulose nitrate membrane, and the bonders of absorptive colloidal gold - monoclonal antibody against HCG. It adopts the principlesof the double antibody sandwich method and imunochromatography technology to test for the presence of HCG in urine.

# 11. Summary

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip), EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassete), EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) and EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) are substantially equivalent to ACON® One Step Pregnancy Test Device.Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the coercially availableand analytical predicate devices.The infoation supports substantialequivalenceto the predicate device.

EGENS Biotechnology   
c/o Joe Xia   
Regulatory Affairs   
12828 Doe Lane   
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878

# FEB 0 5 2013

Re: k123050 Trade/Device Name: EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream II)

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155   
Regulation Name: Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) test system   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: LCX, JHI   
Dated: January 28, 2013   
Received: January 30, 2013

Dear Mr. Xia,

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class ⅢI (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 - Joe Xia

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.   
Sincerely yours,   
Carol C Benson  for sl Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123050

Device Name:

# EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream II)

Indications for Use:

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in urine samples to aid in the early detection of pregnancy by both professional and home users.

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in urine samples to aid in the early detection of pregnancy by both professional and home users.

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in urine samples to aid in the early detection of pregnancy by home users.

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE; CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Denise Johnson-lyles -S 2013.02.05.12:43:18 -05'00'   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123050

Device Name:

# EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Strip) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Cassette) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream I) EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream II)

Indications for Use:

EGENS One Step HCG Urine Pregnancy Test Kit (Midstream II) is a rapid chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in urine samples to aid in the early detection of pregnancy by home users.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

510(k) k123050