# K123955

# 510(k) Summary

# Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

Submitter Information - 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1):

Submitter: Life Technologies Corporation 5791 Van Allen Way Carlsbad, CA 92008

# Manufacturer:

Life Technologies Holdings Pte Ltd Blk 33, #07-06, Marsiling Industrial Estate, Road 3 Singapore 739256

Establishment Registration No: 3003673482

Contact: Deanna Vella, Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Phone: 760-918-3000   
Fax: 760-476-6934   
E-mail: deanna.vella@lifetech.com   
Alternate Contact: Nikki Arora, Engineer, Regulatory Affairs   
Phone: 650-554-2268   
Fax: 650-638-6786   
E-mail: nikki.arora@lifetech.com

Date Prepared: December 20, 2012

# Name of Device and Classification - 21 CFR 807.92(a)(2):

Product Name: QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument

Device Classification: Class II

Product Code: OOI, Real-Time Nucleic Acid Amplification System for Real Time Instruments.

Predicate: Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ System consisting of $m 2 0 0 0 s p$ and $m 2 0 0 0 r t$ instruments, K092705

# Device Description - 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4):

The QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument is a bench top Real-Time PCR instrument that uses fluorescent-based polymerase chain reaction (PCR) reagents to provide qualitative or quantitative detection of target nucleic acid sequences (targets) using real-time analysis.

The QuantStudio™M Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument system includes the following components:

• QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR instrument with embedded graphical user interface (eGUI) Touchscreen   
• Thermal Block, also referred to as the sample block, with associated Heated Cover and Plate Adaptor   
• Calibration and verification materials for instrument qualification   
• Computer workstation with a monitor, keyboard and mouse   
• QuantStudioTM Dx instrument software

# Intended Use/Indications for Use - 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5):

The QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with QuantStudioTM Dx Software is intended to perform fluorescence-based PCR to provide detection of FDA cleared and approved nucleic acid sequences in human-derived specimens. The QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with QuantStudioTM Dx Software is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by trained laboratory technologists in combination with nucleic acid reagent kits/tests manufactured and labeled for diagnostic purposes on this instrument.

Summary of technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate devices- 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6):

The Life Technologies QuantStudio™M Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument ("Subject Device") and the legally marketed devices, Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ System ("Predicate Device") is described in the table below:

Predicates Comparison - Life Technologies QuantStudio™M Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument vs. Abbott $m 2 0 0 0 ^ { \mathrm { T M } }$ System   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuantStudio TM DxReal-Time PCRInstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAbbott m2000 System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">510(k)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K092705</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2570Instrumentation forclinical multiplex testsystems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OOI: Real-TimeNucleic AcidAmplification Systemfor Real TimeInstruments.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OOI: Real-Time NucleicAcid AmplificationSystem for Real TimeInstruments.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The QuantStudioTMDx Real-Time PCRInstrument withQuantStudioTM DxSoftware is intended toperform fluorescence-based PCR to providedetection of FDAcleared and approvednucleic acid sequencesin human-derivedspecimens. TheQuantStudioTM DxReal-Time PCRInstrument withQuantStudioTM DxSoftware is intendedfor in vitro diagnosticuse by trainedlaboratorytechnologists incombination withnucleic acid reagentkits/tests manufacturedand labeled fordiagnostic purposes on</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Abbott m2000™MSystem is intended for invitro diagnostic use inperforming FDA clearedand approved nucleic acidtesting in clinicallaboratories. It comprisesthe Abbott m2000sp andthe Abbott m2000rtinstruments. The Abbottm2000sp is an automatedsystem for performingsample preparation fornucleic acid testing. TheAbbott m2000rt is anautomated system forperforming fluorescence-based PCR to providequantitative and qualitativedetection of nucleic acidsequences.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuantStudioTM DxReal-Time PCRInstrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAbbott m2000 System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">this instrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technology/Detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Real-Time PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Types</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nucleic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous, closedtube PCR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Degree ofAutomation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Requires manualtransfer ofamplification mixturetoamplification/detectioninstrument.Automated control ofamplification,detection, and dataanalysis.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrimaryOperationalAmplificationand DetectionComponents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Integrated thermalcycler andmicrovolumefluorimeter for walkaway PCRamplification anddetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heating Methodfor Amplification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Peltier device withsample block</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionProcedure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical detection ofstimulatedfluorescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DetectionChemistries</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence labeledtarget-specific probes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceQuantStudio TM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceAbbott m2000TMSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OOI: Real-Time NucleicAcid Amplification Systemfor Real Time Instruments.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O01: Real-TimeNucleic AcidAmplificationSystem for RealTime Instruments.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC with instrument-specificsoftware. Instrument hastouchscreen console.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PC with instrument-specific software</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AmplificationReactionVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-30 μL in 96-well FastPCR plates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-100 μL in 96-wellPCR plates</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplePreparation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No automated sampleprocessing instrumentoffered in conjunction withthe QuantStudioTM DxInstrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pairing with them2000sp instrumentprovides automatedsample processing.</td></tr></table>

Our analysis of the differences in user interface, amplification reaction volumes, and sample preparation between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device indicates that these differences do not impact performance or raise new/different questions of safety and effectiveness, and therefore render the Subject Device as Substantially Equivalent.

# Special Control/Guidance Document Referenced (if applicable):

Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Instrumentation for Clinical Multiplex Test Systems:   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocum ents/ucm077819.htm

# Performance Data - 21 CFR 807.92(b):

As noted in the Cover Letter in this 510(k), Quidel® Corporation will submit a traditional $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ for the Molecular Real-Time PCR Direct C. Dificile Tox A/B that will be used with the QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument. To that end, testing to demonstrate non-clinical performance of the QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument was led by Quidel $\pmb { \otimes }$ Corporation as part of a collaboration agreement between the two companies. This section provides a brief summary of the non-clinical performance studies and conclusions that demonstrate instrument performance when testing the Quidel Molecular Real-Time PCR Direct C. Difficile Tox A/B..

Complete non-clinical performance data can be found in Quidel's Molecular Real-Time PCR Direct C. Difficile Tox A/B traditional 510(k) submission.

Non-Clinical Performance Data- 21 CFR 807.92(b)(1):

Analytical performance:

a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Precision: For the Precision/Within Laboratory Repeatability study, a blinded fourmember panel consisting of C. difficile positive and negative sample was tested by two operators, twice a day using a single assay lot of Quidel Molecular Direct $C .$ difficile Assay for twelve (12) days.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>QuantStudioTM Dx Real-TimePCR Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C. difficile</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3X LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average Ct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A  .</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STDEV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

Reproducibility: In order to confirm the reproducibility of the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay a blinded and randomized study panel containing Clostridium difficile negative and positive samples were tested at three (3) test sites, two of which were clinical sites. Each site tested a reproducibility panel and assay controls for five (5) days in triplicate on each instrument. The testing was done by two operators at each site. Each operator ran the panel once a day using one lot of Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=11>Reproducibility Results - QuantStudioTM Dx Instrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>PanelMemberID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Site 3</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TotalResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AVECt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighNegative0.3x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowPositive2x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MedPositive5x LoD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeSpecimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NegativeControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PositiveControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90/90</td></tr></table>

# b. Detection limit:

The analytical sensitivity (limit of detection or LoD) of the Quidel Molecular Direct $C$ . difficile Assay was determined on QuantStudioTM Dx instrument using quantified $\mathrm { ( C F U / m L ) }$ cultures of two $C .$ difficile strains (ATCC BAA-1870 and ATCC BAA-1872) serially diluted in a negative fecal matrix. Analytical sensitivity (LoD) is defined as the lowest concentration at which $9 5 \%$ of all replicates tested positive.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Strain</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1870 LoD(CFU per assay)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ATCC BAA-1872 LoD(CFU per assay)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuantStudioTMDx</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2 E-01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0E-02</td></tr></table>

The final assay LoD is defined as the higher of the two strain concentrations where $9 5 \%$ E positivity was observed. The final assay LoD is 4.2E-01 CFU/assay.

Comparison studies:

# a. Method comparison with predicate device:

Performance characteristics of the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay were established during a prospective study conducted August to November 2012. Seven hundred and ninety-two (792) samples used for this study were collected from patients suspected of having Clostridium difficile-associated disease (CDAD) at four (4) distinct geographical sites across the United States. These specimens were tested with the Quidel Assay on the Life Technologies QuantStudio™ Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument at one of three (3) facilities.

Patient age and gender for the combined sites are presented below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Combined Sites - Age and Gender Distribution</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Age</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gender</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total prevalence of theQuidel MolecularDirect C. difficileAssay on theQuantStudioTMDxReal-Time PCRInstrument</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unknown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50% (1/2)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 2 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10% (1/10)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to&lt;12 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24% (12/49)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 to &lt;18 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21% (5/24)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 to 21 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8% (1/13)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;21 to 59 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18% (60/328)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≥ 60 years</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18% (65/366)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>370</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>792</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18% (145/792)</td></tr></table>

\* includes two (2) patient samples with unknown age and gender.

# Tissue Culture Cytotoxicity Assay Comparison

Seven hundred and ninety-two (792) samples were tested by both the Quidel Molecular Direct $C .$ difficile Assay and the tissue culture cytotoxin assay. Three (3) specimens $( 0 . 4 \% )$ were indeterminate in the cytotoxin assay due to toxicity in the antitoxin well. One (1) specimen $( 0 . 1 \% )$ was invalid in the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay when initially tested. The specimen yielded a valid result (it was negative) when retested according to the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay draft instructions for use. We elected to calculate clinical performance based on the initial test result obtained for each specimen. Therefore, the data below is for the remaining seven hundred and eighty-eight (788) specimens.

\*Of the forty-five (45) discordant specimens (Quidel Molecular Positive/Tissue Culture Cytotoxin Negative) reported, forty-four (44) were tested with a FDA-cleared molecular device. Thirty-five (35) of these specimens were positive for C. difficile, and nine (9) were negative. The remaining specimen was unavailable for testing.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Sites - Combined Ages</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Tissue CultureCytotoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>QuidelMolecularReal-TimePCRDirect C.difficileTox A/BAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>645</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>683</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:788</td></tr></table>

\*\*Seven (7) discordant specimens (Quidel Negative/Tissue Culture Cytotoxin Positive) reported were tested with a FDA-cleared molecular device. Two (2) of these specimens were found positive for C. difficile, and five (5) were negative.

# Enhanced Toxigenic Culture Comparison

Seven hundred and ninety-two (792) samples were tested by both the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay and enhanced toxigenic culture. One (1) specimen $( 0 . 1 \% )$ was invalid in the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay when initially tested. The specimen yielded a valid result (it was negative) when retested according to the Quidel Molecular Direct C. difficile Assay draft instructions for use. We elected to calculate clinical performance based on the initial test result obtained for each specimen. Therefore, the data below is for the remaining seven hundred and ninety-one (791) specimens.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=9>Combined Sites - Combined Ages</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Enhanced Toxigenic Culture</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>95% CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>QuidelMolecularDirect C.difficileAssay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specificity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>626</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>646</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>634</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>791</td></tr></table>

\*Eight (8) discordant specimens (Quidel Molecular Positive/Enhanced Toxigenic Culture Negative) reported were tested with a FDA-cleared molecular device. Two (2) of these specimens were positive for C. difficile, and six (6) were negative.

\*\*Seventeen (17) out of twenty (20) discordant specimens (Quidel Negative/Enhanced Toxigenic Culture Positive) reported, were tested with a FDA-cleared molecular device. Three (3) specimens were unavailable for testing. Eleven (11) of these specimens were found negative for C. difficile, and six (6) were positive.

# Conclusion

This summary of safety and effectiveness information provides the necessary detail for a determination of substantial equivalence for the QuantStudioTM Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument.

Life Technologies Deanna Vella 5791 Van Allen Way Carlsbad, California 92008

Re: K123955 Trade/Device Name: Life Technologies Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\$ 862.2570$ Regulation Name: QuantStudio™M DX Real-Time PCR Instrument Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: OOI Dated: December 20, 2012 Received: December 21, 2012

Dear Ms. Vella:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you; however, that device labelng must be truthful and not misleading

I your device s classid (ee bove) into either class I (Special Controls) or class II (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical

device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucmI 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Uwe Scherf -S for

Sally A. Hojvat, M.Sc., Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Microbiology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Statement

510(k) Number (if known): k123955

Device Name: QuantStudio ™ Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument

# Indications for Use:

The QuantStudio ™ Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with QuantStudio ™ Dx Software is intended to perform fluorescence-based PCR to provide detection of FDA cleared and approved nucleic acid sequences in human-derived specimens. The QuantStudio ™ Dx Real-Time PCR Instrument with QuantStudio ™ Dx Software is intended for in vitro diagnostic use by trained laboratory technologists in combination with nucleic acid reagent kits/tests manufactured and labeled for diagnostic purposes on this instrument.

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Center for Devices and Radiological Health