# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement of SMDA and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 1.0 submitter's information

Name: Andon Medical Co., Ltd.   
Address: No.26 Hang Yu Road, Tianjin Airport Economic Area, Tianjin, P.R. China   
Phone number: 86-22-8761 2426   
Fax number: 86-22-6052 6162   
Contact: Yi Liu   
Date of Application: 12/14/2012

# 2.0 Device information

Trade name: iHealth BG5 Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System iHealth BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System Common name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System Classification name: Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# 3.0 Classification

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RegulationSection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW-BloodGlucose MonitoringSystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA- test, blood glucose, over thecounter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JQP-calculator/data processingmodule, for clinical use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX-single (specified) analytecontrols (assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry</td></tr></table>

# 4.0 Predicate device information

<table><tr><td>1</td><td>Manufacturer: Device:</td><td>Andon Medical Co., Ltd. iHealth BG3 Smart Gluco-monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td>510(k) number: Manufacturer:</td><td>k120813 Andon Medical Co., Ltd.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4"></td><td>Device:</td><td>AG-608N Blood Glucose monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) number:</td><td>k110017</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Device description

iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System consist of blood glucose meter, single use test strips, sterile lancets, lancing device and the control solutions.

The new device iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Glucose meters are based on an electrochemical biosensor technology (electrochemical) and the principle of capillary action. Capillary action at the end of the test strip draws the blood into the action chamber and the blood glucose result is displayed in 5 seconds. The control solution available is used to test the performance of the device. It uses the same technological characteristics for testing with its predicate device.

The new device iHealth BG5 and BG5L meters can display the test results itself, it can also transmit the test results to the an iPhone, iPod touch or iPad through blue tooth.

# 6.0 Intended use

iHealth BG5 and BG5L wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System is intended to be used for:

quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf or thigh single person measurement only and should not be shared self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control

iHealth BG5 and BG5L wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, or for neonatal use.

Alternative Site Testing (AST) should be done only during steady state times when glucose levels are not changing rapidly.

The AGS1000l test strips are intended for use with the iHealth BG5 and BG5L meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf or thigh using the iHealth BG5 and BG5L meter.

The iHealth control solutions are intended for use with the iHealth BG5/BG5L Blood Glucose Monitoring System, to check that the glucose meter and test strips are working properly. These solutions contain a known range of glucose, as indicated on the bottles.

The iHealth Gluco-Smart App is an iOS app for iPhone, iTouch, and iPad and is used for data extraction and analysis in iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System.

7.0 Summary comparing technological characteristics with predicate device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CHARACTERISTICS.."*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEW DEVICE:iHealth BG5 and BG5Lwireless SmartGluco-Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PREDICATE:iHealth BG3 SmartGluco-MonitoringSystem(K120813)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detection Method</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amperometry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Oxidase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biosensor (Electrode)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biosensor (Electrode)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood fromAST(Alternative site testing)and finger</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Capillary whole blood fromAST(Alternative site testing)and finger</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Application</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood sample is placeddirectly to the test strip afterfinger or AST is lanced.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood sample is placeddirectly to the test strip afterfinger or AST is lanced.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hematocrit Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingTemperature Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10C~35°C(50°-95°F)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10~35°C(50°-95°F)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9mm × 34.5mm ×19mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102mm×58mm x22mm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED display,Display on iPhone, iPod</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Connect to iPone or iPodtouch to display</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">touch or iPad connectedthrough Bluetooth</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">measurement results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Presentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL or mmol/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mg/dL or mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Memory Capabilities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 times with time and datedisplaying</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000 times with time anddate displaying</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Start</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Time</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 second</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 second</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Source•</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DC 3.7V d.c.li-ion 250mAh</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DC 3.3V(Powered by iOS deviceconnected to the meter)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery Life</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20mg/dL-600mg/dL(1.1mmol/L~33.3mmol/L)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20mg/dL-600mg/dL(1.1mmol/L~33.3mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AGS-10001 Test Strip</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AGS-1000I Test Strip</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum 0.7 micro liter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimum 0.7 micro liter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Other function</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Transmit measure data toiPhone or iPod through bluetooth.iHealth BG5L use Bluetooth4.0 wireles radio technology;andiHealth BG5 use Bluetooth3.0 wireles radio technology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Health Control solution(Level 1 /lI/III )The control solution isexactly the same asAG-608N control solution,only the name is different</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AG-608N control solution(cleared in K110017)</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Performance summary

iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System conforms to the following standards:

•IS0 15197: In vitro diagnostic test systems- Requirements for blood-glucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus.

IEC 61010-1 : 2001, Safety requirements for electrical equipment for

measurement,control, and laboratory use Part 1:General requirements   
•EN 61326-1:2006Electrical equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use - EMC requirements part 1: General requirements   
EN 61326-2-6 Electrical equipment for measurement, control and atoy  equt r rlar u vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment   
• IC61010--01002,aricula equents  in vit diagnostic IVD) medical equipment   
CLSI EP6-A:2003,Evaluation of the Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline

Non-clinical test and the clinical test are done according to the above standard.

# 9.0 Comparison to the predict device and the conclusion

iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System is similar with the predicate device iHealth BG3 Smart Glucose Monitoring System, they are all for single people use, they use the same test strip, and can test the blood glucose at the alternative site. The hematocrit range, the altitude and the use function are all the same. The appearance of the new devices is different, and iHealth BG5 and BG5L meter obtain LED display on the devices, and can complete the measurement function themselves. Moreover, the new device BG5 and BG5L can connect to an iPone, iPod touch or iPad to display measurement results through Bluetooth.

However, the test in this submission provides demonstration that these small differences do not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness.

# April 12, 2013

Andon Medical Co., Ltd.   
C/O Yi Liu   
NO. 26 HANGYU ROAD   
TIANJIN AIRPORT ECONOMIC AREA TIANJIN, CHINA 300381 .'

Re: K123935 Trade/Device Name: iHealth BG5 Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System iHealth BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JQP, JJX Dated: March 08, 2013 Received: March 12, 2013

Dear Yi Liu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The l  pist l atn devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersQffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C.Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indication for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K123935

Device Name: iHealth BG5 Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System

# Indications For Use:

iHealth BG5 wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System is intended to be used for:

quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf or thigh

single person measurement only and should not be shared

self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control

iHealth BG5 wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, or for neonatal use.

Alternative Testng AT)should be done nly during steady state times whengucos levels are not changing rapidly.

The AGS1000l test strips are intended for use with the iHealth BG5 meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf or thigh using the iHealth BG5 meter.

The iHealth control solutions are intended for use with the iHealth BG5 Blood Glucose Monitoring System, to check that the glucose meter and test strips are working properly. These solutions contain a known range of glucose, as indicated on the bottles.

The iHealth Gluco-Smart App is an iOS app for iPhone, iTouch, and iPad and is used for data extraction and analysis in iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System.

Prescription Use And/Or Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

# Indication for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K123935

Device Name: iHealth BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

iHealth BG5L wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System is intended to be used for:

quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf or thigh

single person measurement only and should not be shared

self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control

iHealth BG5L wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, or for neonatal use.

Alternative Site Testing (AST) should be done only during steady state times when glucose levels are not changing rapidly.

The AGS1000l test strips are intended for use with the iHealth BG5 meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capilary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips, palm, forearm, upper arm, calf or thigh using the iHealth BG5L meter.

The iHealth control solutions are intended for use with the iHealth BG5L Blood Glucose Monitoring System, to check that the glucose meter and test strips are working properly. These solutions contain a known range of glucose, as indicated on the bottles.

The iHealth Gluco-Smart App is an iOS app for iPhone, iTouch, and iPad and is used for data extraction and analysis in iHealth BG5 and BG5L Wireless Smart Gluco-Monitoring System.

Prescription Use And/Or Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)