K123748

# Section 5. 510(k) Summary

# 1. Administrative

Device Information Device Name: Common Name: Product Code: Registration Number: Classification: Classification Panel:

ABL90 Flex   
Blood gases and blood pH test system   
CHL (JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, KHP, GKR, GHS, KQI, JJY, JIX)   
21 CFR 862.1120   
Class II   
Clinical Chemistry

Submitter Company Name: ER Number: Address:

Radjometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3827   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727   
Soeren Boegestrand   
soren.bogestrand@radiometer.dk   
Phone:   
Fax:   
Contact person:   
e-mail:

# 2. Description of Device Modification

The ABL90 FLEX is a portable, automated system intended for in vitro testing of samples of whole blood for the parameters pH, pO2 , pCO2, potassium, sodium, calcium, chloride, glucose, lactate, and co-oximetry parameters (total hemoglobin, oxygen saturation, and the hemoglobin fractions FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, FHHb and FHbF).

The change consists of an update to the Intralipid correction algorithm for Oxi parameters. The purpose of this update is to improve the suppression of Intralipid interference.

# 3. Intended Use

The ABL90 FLEX is a portable, automated analyzer that measures pH, blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, lactate and oximetry in heparinised whole blood. The ABL90 FLEX is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-of-care setting. These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

# 4. Substantial Equivalence

The ABL90 FLEX with the Improved Intralipid correction algorithm for Oxi parameters is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate:

510(k) Number/Device Manufacturer: K111897 ABL90 Flex, Radiometer Medical ApS

Special 510(k): ABL90 Flex - Improved Intralipid correction algorithm for Oxi parameters   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (K111897)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ABL90 FLEX is a portable, automated analyzer thatmeasures pH, blood gases, electrolytes, glucose,lactate and oximetry in heparinised whole blood. TheABL90 FLEX is intended for use by trainedtechnologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It isintended for use in a laboratory environment, nearpatient or point-of-care setting.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood GasMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pO2, pCO by potentiometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ElectrolyteMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cK+, cNa+, cCa²+, cCl by potentiometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MetaboliteMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cGlu, cLac by amperometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OximetryMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ctHb, sO2, FO2Hb, FHHb, FCOHb, FMetHb, FHbF byspectrophotometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical Performance Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-Point liquid calibration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Interface</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menu driven touch screen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software operatingsystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microsoft XPE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Introduction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspiration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions (heightx width x depth)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7 x 9.8 x 11.4 in</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.1 kg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethernet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x RJ45 connector,100Base-Tx Fast Ethernet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>USB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Three connectors for USB port</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device(K111897)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software version</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software version 2.6 MR4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Software version 2.5 MR2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid correctionalgorithm for Oxiparameters</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Improved Intralipid correctionalgorithm for Oxi parametersimplemented in Softwareversion 2.6 MR4.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Special 510(k): ABL90 Flex - Improved Intralipid correction algorithm for Oxi parameters

# 5. Performance Data

No performance characteristics are affected by the change. The performance data submitted in the original submission (k092686) still apply except the interference effect from intralipid to oximetry parameters was further reduced. The Reference Manual was updated to reflect the interference changes from intralipid to oximetry parameters.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verificationmethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resuit and Pass/fail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinically relevant interferencesmust be known and specified inthe labeling..</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verification studyaccording to EP17-A2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interferences have beendetermined and specified in theReference ManualPass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodcomparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method comparison claims mustbe unchanged, i.e. 95%confidence intervals for the newalgorithm must contain part ofthe predicted bias intervals forthe old algorithm at the medicaldecision points as per EP9-A2.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In-house methodcomparison study vs.previous algorithmaccording to EP9-A2with between 76 and282 samples perparameter spanningthe measuring range.Between 9 and 25% ofthe samples hadelevated intralipidindex values.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95% confidence intervals for thenew algorithm contain part ofthe predicted bias intervals forthe old algorithm at the medicaldecision points.Pass.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Existing methodcomparison claimsstill valid</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Acceptancecriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verificationmethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Result and Pass/fail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Methodcomparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>In-house methodcomparison study vs.previous algorithmaccording to EP9-A2with between 76 and</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Existing methodcomparison claimsstill valid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ctHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±0.5g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ctHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.10 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCOHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FCOHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.35%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FMetHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.975</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>282 samples perparameter spanningthe measuring range.Between 9 and 25% ofthe samples hadelevated intralipidindex values.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FMetHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FO2Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FO2Hb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FHHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9-1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FHHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FHbF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85-1.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;±5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FHbF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.24%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.89</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoQ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LoQ claims must be unchanged.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data analysis andrecalculation ofexisting LoQverification data.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LoQs fulfilled acceptance criteriaand were not affected by thechange..Pass.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Existing LoQclaims still valid</td></tr></table>

(vlate pnade

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Issue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptancecriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verificationmethod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result and Pass/fail</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias andimprecision (Soand CVx)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claims for bias and imprecisionobtained in-house must beunchanged, i.e. less than or equalto values specified in section 7 ofthe existing Reference Manual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data analysis andrecalculation ofexisting performanceverification dataobtained in-house.Hypothesis HO:Himproved = µcurrent wastested statistically.Values for samplesexceeding the indexvalue initiating thenew correction wererecalculated and biasand imprecision wererecalculated based onthis and comparedwith the existingclaims.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.56% of measurementsaffected. In no case was thesignificance level α below 30%(typically &gt;80%). The αacceptance level is ≥5%. Thisimplies equal series mean forcurrent and improved Intralipidalgorithm for all the Oxiparameters.Recalculation verified that theacceptance criteria were met.Pass</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Existing claims forbias andimprecisionobtained in-houseare still valid</td></tr></table>

(vloteinnade

<table><tr><td>Issue</td><td>Acceptance criteria</td><td>Verification method</td><td>Result and Pass/fail</td><td>Comments</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Linearity</td><td>Linearity claims must be unchanged, ie. the deviations from linearity must be less than or equal to existing claims.</td><td>Values for samples exceeding the index value initiating the new correction were recalculated and</td><td>Recalculation verified that the acceptance criteria were met. Pass</td><td>Existing linearity claims still valid</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>deviations from linearity were recalculated based on this and compared with the existing claims.</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# Special 510(k): ABL90 Flex - Improved Intralipid correction algorithm for Oxi parameters

# 7. Conclusion

The ABL90 FLEX with the improved Intralipid algorithm described above is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, and characteristics to the predicate ABL90 Flex (K111897). For the implementation of the change design control principles (risk management, verification and validation) have been applied which indicated that the change is of no impact to the performance of the device.

Radiometer Medical ApS   
C/O Søren Bøgestrand   
Akandevej 21   
2700 Brønshøj   
DENMARK

Re: K123748 Trade/Device Name: ABL90 FLEX Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1120 Regulation Name: Blood gases $( \mathbf { P C O } _ { 2 } , \mathbf { P O } _ { 2 } )$ and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CHL, JGS, CEM, JFP, CGZ, CGA, KHP, GKR, GHS, KQI, JJY, JIX Dated: April 04, 2013 Received: April 08, 2013

Dear Soren Bøgestrand:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tol-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123748

Device Name: ABL90 FLEX Analyzer

Indications for Use:

The ABL90 FLEX analyzer is a portable, automated analyzer that measures $\mathfrak { P } ^ { \mathtt { H } }$ , blood gases, electrolytes, glucose, lactate, and oximetry in heparinised whole blood. The ABL90 FLEX analyzer is intended for use by trained technologists, nurses, physicians and therapists. It is intended for use in a laboratory environment, near patient or point-ofcare setting. These tests are only performed under a physician's order.

pH, $\pmb { p 0 _ { 2 } }$ and $p \mathbf { C O _ { 2 } } \colon \mathsf { p H }$ , $p { \bf C } { \bf O } _ { 2 }$ and $p 0 _ { 2 }$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances.

Potassium $( c \mathbf { K } ^ { + } )$ : potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Sodium $( c \mathbf { N a } ^ { \dagger } )$ : sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus, adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease, dehydration,inappropriate antidiuretic secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Calcium $( c \mathbf { C a } ^ { 2 + } )$ : calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of .   
parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany.

Chloride $\mathrm { ( c C l ^ { - } ) }$ : chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such a cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Glucose $( c \mathbf { G } \mathbf { l } \mathbf { u } )$ : glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Lactate (cLac): The lactate measurements measure the concentration of lactate in plasma. Lactate measurements are used to evaluate the acid-base status and are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lactic acidosis (abnormally high acidity of the blood.)

Total Hemoglobin $( c \mathbf { t H } \mathbf { b } ) { \mathrm { : } }$ : total hemoglobin measurements are used to measure the hemoglobin content of whole blood for the detection of anemia.

$s \mathbf { 0 } _ { 2 } \colon$ oxygen saturation, more specifically the ratio between the concentration of oxyhemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin plus reduced hemoglobin.

$F \mathbf { O } _ { 2 } \mathbf { H } \mathbf { b }$ : oxyhemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FCOHb: carboxyhemoglobin measurements are used to determine the carboxyhemoglobin content of human blood as an aid in the diagnosis of carbon monoxide poisoning.

FMetHb: methemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

FHHb: reduced hemoglobin as a fraction of total hemoglobin.

Fraction of Fetal Hemoglobin (FHbF): FHbF indicates the amount of fetal hemoglobin.   
FHbF is seldom used clinically.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)