510(k) number

k123965

# Purpose of submission

Roche Diagnostics hereby submits this $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ to provide FDA with notification of intent to market a new device named COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2 reagent.

This candidate device is a new reagent that was developed by Roche Diagnostics. The previous generation of reagent, COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct, was cleared in $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } ) \mathbf { k } 0 6 3 5 4 3$ and serves as the predicate device. The candidate and predicate devices use the same calibrator and controls. Only the reagents differ. This submission presents data to support clearance of this new reagent.

# Measurand

Direct Bilirubin

# Type of test

Quantitative diazo colorimetric method

# Applicant

# Candidate device names

Proprietary name: COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Dircct Gcn.2

Common name: Bilirubin Direct Gen.2

Regulatory information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CIG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1110(Bilirubin (total or direct)test system)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

# Intended use

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of direct bilirubin in human serum and plasma on COBAS INTEGRA systems.

# Indications for use

COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2 is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of direct bilirubin in human serum and plasma on COBAS INTEGRA systems. Measurement of the levels of bilirubin, an organic compound formed during the normal and abnormal destruction of red blood cells, is used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic, hematological, and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

Special   
conditions for   
use

For prescription use only

Special instrument requirements

For use on the COBAS INTEGRA clinical chemistry analyzer

Candidate device description

COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2 reagent provides quantitative measurement of the direct bilirubin that is present in a human serum or human plasma sample.

Reagents are packaged in a cassette with two bottles labeled with their instrument positioning, R1 and SR. R1, or Reagent 1, contains Phosphoric acid $8 5 \mathrm { \ m m o l / L }$ , NaCL 50 mmol/L, and HEDTA 4.0 mmol/L at pH 1.9. SR, or Start Reagent, is a 3,5-dichlorophenyl diazonium salt at $1 . 5 \ : \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ in acid buffer, $\mathsf { p H } 1 . 3$ .

# Predicate device

Roche Diagnostics claims substantial equivalence to the COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct reagent that was cleared with the Special 510(k) k063543.

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

The following table compares the identical features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k063543.

Substantial equivalencesimilarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Bilirubin Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Bilirubin Direct Gen.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazo colorimetric method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator for automated systems(C.f.a.s.) and deionized water as thezero calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recalibrate with each lot as andrequired following quality controlprocedures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the Doumasmanual reference method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# Page 3 of 11

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

Substantial equivalence - differences

The following table compares the different features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k063543.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Bilirubin Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Bilirubin Direct Gen.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA BilirubinDirect (BIL-D) contains an invitro diagnostic reagent systemintended for use on COBASINTEGRA systems for thequantitative determination of thedirect (conjugated) bilirubinconcentration in serum andplasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of direct bilirubin inhuman serum and plasma onCOBAS INTEGRA systems.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The cassette COBAS INTEGRABilirubin Direct (BIL-D) containsan in vitro diagnostic reagentsystem intended for use onCOBAS INTEGRA systems forthe quantitative determination ofthe direct (conjugated) bilirubinconcentration in serum andplasma (test BIL-D, 0-049).Measurement of the levels ofbilirubin, an organic compoundformed during the normal andabnormal destruction of red bloodcells, is used in the diagnosis ofliver, hemolytic, hematological,and metabolic disorders, includinghepatitis and gall bladder block.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA BilirubinDirect Gen.2 is an in vitro test forthe quantitative determination ofdirect bilirubin in human serumand plasma on COBAS INTEGRAsystems.Measurement of the levels ofbilirubin, an organic compoundformed during the normal andabnormal destruction of red bloodcells, is used in the diagnosis andtreatment of liver, hemolytic,hematological, and metabolicdisorders, including hepatitis andgall bladder block.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PermissibleAnticoagulants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-heparin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-heparinK2-EDTAK3-EDTA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA 400,400 Plus, 700, and 800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA 800</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

Substantial equivalence - differences continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Bilirubin Direct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Bilirubin Direct Gen.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Composition</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R1:Sulfanilic acid 35 mmol/L,Oxalic acid 40 mmol/L,HEDTA 4.0 mmol/L, andpH 1.2R2:Sodium nitrite 3.9 mmol/L andpH 6.0Sulfanilic acid reacts with sodiumnitrite to form diazotizedsulfanilic acid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RI:Phosphoric acid 85 mmol/L,NaCL 50 mmol/L,HEDTA 4.0 mmol/L, andpH 1.9SR:3,5-DPD 1.5 mmol/L andpH 1.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Shelf LifeStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15-25 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent On-BoardStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA 700/800:8 °C for 12 weeksCOBAS INTEGRA 400/400 plus:10-15 C for 8 weeks</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COBAS INTEGRA 800:8 °C for 6 weeks</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm U plus,Precipath U plus,Precinorm U,Precipath U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precinorm U plus,Precipath U plus,PreciControl ClinChem Multi 14,PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2AAThese two new controls werecleared for use with bilirubindirect with 510(k) # k102016.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 - 25 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07 - 13.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 to 0.2 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limits ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDL = 0.10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB = 0.05 mg/dLLoD = 0.07 mg/dLLoQ = 0.07 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

# Test principle

COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2 measures direct bilirubin by employing the diazo colorimetric method. Conjugated bilirubin and δ- bilirubin (direct bilirubin) react directly with 3,5-dichlorophenyl diazonium salt in acid buffer to form the red-colored azobilirubin. The color intensity of the red azobilirubin formed is directly proportional to the direct bilirubin concentration. The color intensity is measured photometrically by a COBAS INTEGRA clinical chemistry analyzer.

# Precision/ reproducibility

Precision was determined according to CLSI EP5-A2. The study included human sera samples (0.12, 3.76, and $1 3 . 2 \mathrm { m g / d L } )$ and two serum-based control samples in two aliquots per run and two runs per day for 21 days.

Here are summaries of the repeatability and intermediate precision data.

Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SpecimenTotal Mean (mg/dL)Within Run ImprecisionSD (mg/dL)Within Run ImprecisionCV%Min (mg/dL)Max (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PNU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01J</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SpecimenTotal Mean (mg/dL)Total ImprecisionSD (mg/dL)Total ImprecisionCV%Min (mg/dL)Max (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PNU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PPU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3</td></tr></table>

Values that appear in bold type also appear in the labeling.

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

# Linearity/ assay reportable range

Linearity was assessed according to CLSI EP6-A with one batch of reagent, in one run, and with samples measured in triplicate. Two separate dilution series differing by sample type (serum and plasma) were prepared with thirteen levels each. Lithium-heparin was used to prepare the plasma sample series. The highest concentration samples exceed the desired measuring range. The highest concentration samples were created by taking low analyte native samples and spiking them with ditaurobilirubin.

Measuring Ranges that are Supported by the Linearity Data

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Plasma          Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Range tested (mg/dL)Range found (mg/dL)Recommended measuring range (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 - 19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 - 19.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 - 19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02 - 17.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07 - 13.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07- 13.8</td></tr></table>

The quadratic model is significant for both sample types.

Linear Regression Equation for Serum $\mathbf { y } = \mathbf { l } . 0 0 0 0 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 0 0 0$ $\mathrm { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 4 4$

Linear Regression Equation for Plasma $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 0 0 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 0 0 0$ $\mathrm { r } ^ { 2 . } = 0 . 9 9 7 7$

Traceability, stability, and expected values

This method has been standardized against the manual test performance using the Doumas method.

The reagent has been evaluated for transport, shelf-life, open on-board, and calibration stability.

# Page 7 of 11

# $5 1 0 ( k )$ Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

# Detection limit

LoB, LoD, and LoQ studies were performed based upon CLSI EP17-A2.

LoB Protocol: One blank sample was tested in $\mathtt { n } { = } 5$ with two analyzers with three reagent batches for two runs per day across three days.

LoD Protocol: Five low-analyte samples were measured in singlicate on two analyzers with three reagent batches for two runs per day across three days.

LoQ Protocol: A low-level sample set of nine was measured in singlicate, using three reagent batches on two analyzers for two runs per day across three days. The LoQ is determined based on precision at $20 \%$ CV.

The LoB, LoD, and LoQ claims represent the specifications for each.

LoB claim $= 0 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ LoD claim $= 0 . 0 7 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ LoQ claim $= 0 . 0 7 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Analytical specificity - interference from endogenous substances

The reagent was evaluated with two endogenous substances, hemoglobin and lipids, for potential interference with the measurement of direct bilirubin.

One pool of human serum was spiked with the interferent. A second pool of human serum contained none. The two pools were mixed in different ratios to yield a dilution series with varying concentrations of the interferent (from 0 to 10).

The endogenous interference data are summarized in the table. The labeling claims the specification, "No significant interference up to an H index of 25," and "No significant interference up to an L index of 750."

Endogenous Interference Summary Data

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=2>Lipemia low analyteLipemia high analyteHemolysis low analyteHemolysis high analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>no interference up to this concentration (mg/dl)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1098</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>yte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr></table>

The lowest L index for which there is no significant interference is 1098 The lowest H index for which there is no significant interference is 25.

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

Analytical specificityinterference from common drugs

Eighteen commonly used drugs were added to native patient samples and examined for potential interference on measurement with COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct reagent.

Drug interference testing was performed with serum sample pools at two target concentrations of direct bilirubin, one at a low concentration of $\sim 1 . 8$ EY ${ \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ and the second one at a high concentration of $\sim 4 . 9 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Direct bilirubin concentration in all aliquots is measured in triplicate on the COBAS INTEGRA analyzer. The mean value among the triplicates for each aliquot is determined. From the mean values, the percent recovery to the initial value is calculated.

"Phenylbutazone causes falsely low bilirubin results." This statement appears in the labeling. The remaining 17 commonly used drugs produce no interference with BILD2 measurement.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration ShownNot to Interfere with BILD2(mg/L, except Heparin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcystein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin - Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca - Dobesilate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heparin - Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intralipid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa + 1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycyclin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalycilic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibubrofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

# Method comparison with predicate device

Direct bilirubin values for $\mathtt { n } { = } 7 1$ human sera samples were obtained using the candidate reagent (y-axis) to the predicate reagent ( $\mathbf { \widetilde { x } }$ -axis) on the COBAS INTEGRA 800 clinical chemistry analyzer. Samples ranged from 0.083 to $1 3 . 7 6 2 \ : \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and were tested in singlicate. The values were regressed using the Passing/Bablok model to produce the following equation. $\mathbb { R } ^ { \beth } = 0 . 9 9 7 9$ EY

$$
\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 4 9 0 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 6 9 9 \mathbf { \eta } \mathbf { m } \mathbf { g } / \mathbf { d L }
$$

# Matrix comparison

Lithium-heparin, $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA, and $\mathsf { K } _ { 3 }$ -EDTA are permissible anticoagulants for use with this reagent because they do not interfere with recovery of direct bilirubin. 32 tubes were collected per anticoagulant. Plasma results were compared to serum results and percent recovery was determined.

Median Values for Anticoagulant Comparisons   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>anticoagulants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>median recovery</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>median absolutedeviation(mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=2>Li-Heparin (full)Li-Heparin (half)K2-EDTA (full)K2-EDTA (half)K3-EDTA (full)K3-EDTA (half)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>102%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>101%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>-0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>albe</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Gel Separation TubeCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90 to 110%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.20</td></tr></table>

Comparisons were also regressed.

Serum vs. Li-heparin P/B $y = 0 . 0 1 + 1 . 0 1 7 9 { \bf x } ,$ b $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 8 8$ E Serum vs. K2-EDTA P/B: $\mathbf { y } = \mathbf { - } 0 . 0 1 + 1 . 0 1 2 0 \mathbf { x } ,$ − $\mathfrak { r } = 0 . 9 9 8 8$ EY Serum vs. K3-EDTA P/B: $\mathbf { y } = \mathbf { - } 0 . 0 3 + 1 . 0 0 9 5 \mathbf { x }$ $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 8 8$ E

Expected   
values/   
reference range

# 510(k) Summary for COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2, Continued

# Conclusion

The submitted information in this premarket notification supports a substantial equivalence decision.

# February 28, 2013

Roche Diagnostics c/o Susan Hollandbeck Regulatory Affairs Consultant 9115 South Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: k123965 Trade/Device Name: COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen. 2 Reagent Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1110 Regulation Name: Bilirubin (total or direct) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CIG Dated: December 21, 2012 Received: December 26, 2012

Dear Ms. Hollandbeck:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html. Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123965

Device Name: COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2

Indications for Use:

COBAS INTEGRA Bilirubin Direct Gen.2 is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of direct bilirubin in human serum and plasma on COBAS INTEGRA systems. Measurement of the levels of bilirubin, an organic compound formed during the normal and abnormal destruction of red blood cells, is used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic, hematological, and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

510(k).