# 510(k) Summary

According to the requirements of 21 CFR $\mathfrak { f } 8 0 7 . 9 2 $ , the following information provides detail for a determination

# General Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care Inc.1360 South Loop RoadAlameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>David LambertSenior Regulatory Affairs Specialist</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510-749-5105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510 864-4791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>February 1, 2013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Information:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Freestyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i)      System, Test, Blood Glucose,Over the counter,ii)     Calculator/data processingmodule, for clinical use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i)      Glucose test system. (21 CFR862.1345, Product Code NBW)ii)    Calculator/data processing module,for clinical use. (21 CFR 862.2100, ProductCode JQP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CoPilotTM Health Management SystemCleared under K062770</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legal Manufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care LtdRange RoadWitneyOxonOX29 0YLUK</td></tr></table>

# Indication For Use

The Freestyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 is intended for use by people with diabetes to aid in the review, analysis and evaluation of information such as blood glucose results, blood ketone test results and other data uploaded from a compatible meter, such as insulin doses and exercise data from the Freestyle Insulinx meter, in support of an effective diabetes health management program.

Freestyle Auto-Assist software is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus.

# Device Description and Technological Characteristics

Freestyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 is a software application that allows people with diabetes to upload data from Freestyle Insulinx, Precision $\mathbf { X t r a ^ { T M } }$ Freestyle Freedom, Freestyle 5, Freestyle Flash, Freestyle Lite and Freestyle Freedom Lite Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems into FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0, where users may review blood glucose and other data in a number of different graphical presentations.

It is a stand-alone software program available for download to a home user's computer via download from an Abbott Diabetes Care (ADC) website or if a previous version of Auto-Assist software is installed on the computer, through a notification from the ADC Informatics Upgrade Server. The software will also be available to users via a CD-ROM.

FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 is intended for use in home settings by lay users to upload data from compatible meters to a patient's computer. Users can use FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 to upload glucose data and other information (user entered notes, sound notifications, reminders) from their glucose meter and manually enter personal notes, such as insulin, meals, and exercise data. The software provides graphs and other software tools to help organize and present glucose readings, insulin dosage, and other diabetes-related factors that have been uploaded from devices or manually entered.

FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 organizes the data in a presentable manner that is easy to view and interact with (save, generate reports and print reports). Communication with the devices is achieved through a serial cable or serial/USB adapter cable.

The following functions are supported by FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0:

Data Upload FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 retrieves each blood glucose test result or ketone result, and the date and time of the measurement, from the memory of recognized, compatible meters. It retrieves the data through either a

Serial or Serial/USB cable, a Strip Port /USB cable, or a Micro-USB/USB cable.

These data are viewable through and used by FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 to generate reports. Additionally these data may be exported to a text file (.txt) and saved.

Data Entry

Through the FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 user interface additional personal notes, such as insulin, meals, and exercise data may be added to the logged data collected from the meter.

Data Access   
Data from the compatible meter can be displayed through the software or saved in text file format (.txt).

Meter Settings Backup

For compatible meters, the meter settings listed in the table below are retrieved from the meter. The meter settings can be saved to the computer by selecting the backup meter file option.

Table 1. Meter Settings   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Setting</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient Name</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patient ID</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date/Time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clock Mode</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Button Sound</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sound Notifications</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Notes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reminders (Alarms)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weekly Messages</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Personalization Image</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin units (manual entry 1 or ½/ unit)</td></tr></table>

# Report Generation

For compatible meters, the following reports are available:

Table 2. Auto-Assist 2.0 System Reports   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Report Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Snapshot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General summary of data for the specified daterange. It also includes notes that inform thepatient and their healthcare professional aboutimportant trends in blood glucose data byputting the data into words</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Modal Day</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shows the daily pattern of glucose levels overthe specified date range.</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Auto-Assist 2.0 System Reports   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Report Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Logbook</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Displays a table of glucose, carbohydrate, andinsulin values associated with each time periodover the specified date range.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separates all glucose readings over the specifieddate range into pre-meal and post-mealgroupings and averages the values for eachgroup.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Daily Statistics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Provides an overview of blood glucose, andother values such as ketones and insulin, overthe date range if supported by your meter.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meal Event Averages(Compatible meters only)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compares the before-meal and after-meal bloodglucose levels for the morning, midday andevening over the specified date range. Thisreport also shows before and after mealaverages, and insulin and carbohydrate intakefor meals.</td></tr></table>

# Report Printout

Once generated, reports can be printed through an available printer or saved to the computer in portable document file (.pdf) format.

# Date/Time Synchronization

While connected to the FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0, the user may synchronize the date and time of the meter with the computer date and time if selected.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

Freestyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 has similar data and graphic presentation capabilities to the predicate device, CoPilot™ Health Management System, cleared under K062770.

The similarities between FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 and the predicate are highlighted below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate CoPilot DiabetesData Management System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProposedAuto-AssistTM SoftwareVersion 2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Editing of PatientData</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Does not allow user to edit dataretrieved from a meter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate CoPilot DiabetesData Management System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProposedAuto-Assist™ SoftwareVersion 2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StatisticalFunctionalitySummary</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Glucose Statistics:Average blood glucoseconcentrationNumber of readingsNumber of daysTarget blood glucose rangePercent of readings above,below, and within target rangeStandard deviation of bloodglucose readingsInsulin Statistics:Avg/DayAvg/Day Total</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HardwareRequirements</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">CD-ROM drive (not required ifapplication is loaded frominternetMousePrinter (if user wants to print)Internet connectivity (for host ore-mail Communication)Class I fax-enabled modem(required for fax capabilitiesonlyData CableUSB port</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Transfer</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Serial or Serial/USB adapterCommunication cables.</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompatibleBlood GlucoseMeters .</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Precision XtraTFreestyle FreedomTMFreeStyle LiteFreeStyle Freedom Lite</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Predicate CoPilot DiabetesData Management System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProposedAuto-AssistTM SoftwareVersion 2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Languages</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">English</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

The differences between FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 and the predicate are highlighted below:

<table><tr><td>Feature Intended Use</td><td>Predicate CoPilot Diabetes Data Management System</td><td>Proposed Auto-AssistT Software Version 2.0 The FreeStyle Auto-Assist</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>The CoPilot Health Management System is intended for use as an accessory to the Freestyle and Precision Xtra blood glucose monitoring systems and some commercially available blood glucose meters and insulin pumps. The CoPilot Health Management System is intended for use in home and clinical settings to upload data from these devices to a patient's or healthcare professional's computer where the data may be saved, displayed in a number of formats, printed, or exported to an authorized user. The CoPilot System is intended to aid people with diabetes and healthcare professionals in the review, analysis, and evaluation of historical blood glucose test</td><td>Software Version 2.0 is intended for use by people with diabetes to aid in the review, analysis and evaluation of information such as blood glucose test results, blood ketone test results and other data uploaded from a meter, such as insulin doses and exercise data, in support of an effective diabetes health management program. FreeStyle Auto-Assist software is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>results, insulin dosages, and carbohydrate intake data to support an effective diabetes management program.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td><td>People with diabetes Healthcare Professionals</td><td>People with diabetes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate CoPilot DiabetesData Management System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProposedAuto-Assist™ SoftwareVersion 2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Import Capability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Event Importing:Tab delimited filesXML FilesDatabase Importing:Precision Link (V.2.5 or higher)FreeStyle ConnectCoZMonitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No import capability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible BloodGlucose Meters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision® XceedFreestyle            FreestyleTrackerFreestyle Navigator®Continuous GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Freestyle InsulinxFreestyle 5            K092638Freestyle Flash      K092638</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operating System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows 98SE 2000and XP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microsoft Windows 7 (32 or64 bit), Vista, or Windows XPMac OS X Snow Leopard orLion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">StatisticalFunctionalitySummary</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pump Statistics:Avg/Day Meal BolusAvg/Day Correction BolusAvg/Day Total BolusAvg/Day BasalAvg/Day Total Insulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HardwareRequirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Co-Pilot for FreeStyleNavigator:Pentium 4 or above512MbKensington USB BluetoothAdapter and compatibleWidcomm driver (ifdownloading data fromFreeStyle Navigator)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not compatible with FreeStyleNavigator</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Languages</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Spanish translation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spanish</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate CoPilot DiabetesData Management System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProposedAuto-AssistTM SoftwareVersion 2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Graphic DataDisplays</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose data readings aredisplayed graphically along withthe user-defined target range.Glucose data readings abovetarget are displayed as purpleand below target range asyellow.Triangle = Discrete dataCircle = Continuous dataSquare = Manually enteredglucoseAbove target = purpleWithin target = greenBelow target = yellow</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose data readings aredisplayed graphically alongwith the user-defined targetrangeGlucose data readings abovetarget are displayed as green,on target as blue, and belowtarget as gray.Open Circle = Average bloodglucoseClosed Circle = Discrete bloodglucose dataUp-Arrow = blood glucosevalue greater than 350mg/dl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data Transfer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Co-Pilot System for FreeStyleNavigator functionalitycommunicates with FreeStyleNavigator via KensingtonBluetooth adapter/driver.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micro-USB/USB adapter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Capacity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CoPilot storage capacity islimited by the amount ofavailable hard disk storage space</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Testing:

The FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 underwent verification and validation testing. A brief summary of the tests performed is described below.

These studies demonstrated that the FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 performed according to the specifications and the intended use.

# Software Verification and Validation

FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 was validated pursuant to the moderate level of concern requirements. Design validation testing confirmed that the software performs according to the stated intended use. Software evaluation consisted of functional testing and code inspections which was performed on FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version $2 . 0 " \mathbf { s }$ design verification. The software was developed in accordance with FDA's Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical

Devices (May 11, 2005) and General Principles of Software Validation 1/11/2002: Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, where applicable and appropriate.

A total of 35 participants of typical computer experience (used computer at least 4 times per week) and ages (age range 18 to 66 years old) that would be expected to use diabetes data management software were enrolled in the Human Factors study conducted for FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 enrolled . All of the study participants had diabetes: 13 were Type 1 and 22 were Type 2. As part of the study, users installed the software on their test computer desktop and launched the software. Task 1 required the subjects to install the software, Task 2 required subjects to upload meter data and create and print reports, and Task 3 required subjects to save previously generated reports. Users were given either of two meters (16 were tested using Freestyle Freedom Lite meters and 18 with Precision Xtra meters), and were assessed on their ability to upload meter data, create and print reports, and save reports to their desktop. Meters were preloaded with data such as blood glucose or ketone results, based on the compatible meters, and users created reports and graphs using this stored data. Stored data was automatically uploaded from a compatible meter when it was connected to a computer running FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0.

Based on the study, 32 subjects were able to successfully create and view reports, and the data in these reports matched the stored data in $100 \%$ of cases.

# Statement of Equivalence:

The FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device with regards to its intended use and function. Both the subject and predicate devices are intended to allow people with diabetes to upload data from compatible meters into FreeStyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0, where users may review blood glucose and other data in a number of different graphical presentations.

# Conclusion:

Based on the information provided in this premarket notification, the FreeStyle AutoAssist Software Version 2.0 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device and is suitable for its intended use. The software is as safe, as effective and performs as well as the predicate device.

April 5, 2013

Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. C/O David G. Lambert 1360 South Loop Road ALAMEDA CA 94502

Re: K123089 Trade/Device Name: Freestyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: February 27, 2013 Received: February 28, 2013

Dear Mr. Lambert:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of thé Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for

Page 2—Mr. Lambert

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address. http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K123089

Device Name: Freestyle Auto-Assist Software Version 2.0

Indications for Use:

Th Freestyle AutoAssist Software Versin .is ntendedor us by people with diabetes to aid in the revi, nalysis and evaluation inormation such as blood gluco esults, blood ketone est results and other data uploaded from a compatible meter, such as insulin doses and exercise data from the Freetyl suli me npporn ctiv abe healt management prm.

Freestyle Auto-Assist software is not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes melitus

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health (OIR)