# 510(k) Summary Llqulchek Spinal Fluid Control

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratorles 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

January 28, 2013

# 2.0 DevIce Identiflcation

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Revlew Panel: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Devlce to Which Substantlal Equivalence is Clalmed

Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California

510 (k) Number: K990888

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control is a human based control with added constituents of human and animal origin, chemlcals, preservatives and stablizers. The control is provided in liquld form for convenience.

Each human donor unit used to manufacture this control was tested by FDA accepted methods and found to be non-reactive for Hepatitis B Surface Antigen (HBsAg), antibody to Hepatitis C (HCV) and antibody to HIV-1/HIV-2.

Table 1: Product Catalog Description   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Catalog Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confliguration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 2.5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 x 2.5 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilevel MiniPak</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302X</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 2.5 (1 per level) mL</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Value Asslanment

The mean values and the corresponding ±3SD ranges prlnted in this insert were derlved from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during tlif cnoVtn v t  en aoars ay  c differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modificatlons.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Liquichek Splnal Fluid Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monltor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predlcate Device

The new Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control claims substantial equivalence to the Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control currently in commercial distribution (K990888). Table 1 (below) contains comparison Information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1: Simlarlties and Differences between the new and predicate devlce   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Spinal Fluld Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LIqulchek Spinal Ftuid Control(Predicate Device, K990888)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>:                                           Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Spinal Fluld Control is Intended for useas an assayed quality conirol materlal to monltorthe precislon of laboratory testing procedures forthe analytes listed in the package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Splnal Fluid Control Is intended for useas an assayed quality control material to monilorthe precision of laboratory testing procedures forthe analytes listed in the package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquld</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted Human serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluted Human serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Unopened(Shelf life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 2 - 8 C until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At 2 - 8  untl the expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 ml.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open Vial Stabillty</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at 2 - 8 C on board Slemens DimensionVista instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 days at 2 - 8 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contalns:AlbumlnChlorideGlucoseImmunoglobulin G (IgG)Lactate(Lactic Acid)Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)Protein TotalSodiumDoes not contaln:Immunoglobulin M (IgM)Globulin (α1, 0x2, β,)Immunoglobulin A (lgA)Prealbumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:AlbuminChlorideGlucoseImmunoglobulin G (lgG)Lactate(Lactic Acid)Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)Protein TotalSodiumImmunoglobulin M (IgM)Globulin 01, 02, β.Y)Immunoglobulin A (IgA)Prealbumin</td></tr></table>

# .8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Stability studies have been performed and acceptance criteria were met for Liquichek Spinal Fluld Control to determine the stability claims. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial: Shelf Life Stability:

30 days at 2 to $\mathfrak { s o } \mathfrak { c }$ EY   
2 Years at 2 to ${ } ^ { 8 \circ } \mathsf { C }$

# 9.0 Concluslon

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, Bio-Rad's Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device K990888.

All supporting data Is retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

Bio-Rad Laboratories c/o Suzanne Parsons 9500 Jeronimo Road Irvine, CA 92618-2017

Re: k123775 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality Control Material Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: December 6, 2012 Received: December 10, 2012

Dear Ms. Suzanne Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2 - Suzanne Parsons

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours, : for Carol CaBenson

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k123775

Device Name: Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control

Indications for Use:

Liquichek Spinal Fluid Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:

Albumin EY Chloride Glucose Immunoglobulin G (IgG) Lactate (Lactic Acid) Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) Protein Total Sodium

Prescription Use _X And/Or Over the Counter Use (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Yung W. Chan -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

510(k) k123775