# SECTION 6 StO (k)SUMMARY Of SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS

This summary of safety and efectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

# 510(k) Number:

# Submitter:

Qualigen, Inc. 2042 Corte Del Nogal Carlsbad, CA 92011 Telephone: (760) 918-9165 Facsimile: (760) 918-9127

# Contact Person:

Mr. Michael Poirier   
Senior Vice President, Chief Technical Officer, Chief Scientific Officer   
Telephone: (760) 918-9165 x227   
Facsimile: (760) 918-9127   
Email: mpoirier@qualigeninc.com   
Date Prepared: March 8, 2013

# Device Identification

Trade Name: FastPack Control Kit   
Common Name: Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Classification: Class I, reserved   
Product Code: JJY   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S$ 862.1660

Section 6 - 5 10(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

# Devices to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Immunology Control (containing FT4, testosterone, and hCG)   
Medical Analysis Systems,   
Camarillo, California   
K960824 FastPack® Controls (containing PSA) Qualigen, Inc.   
Carlsbad, California   
K003095 FastPack® TSH Controls Qualigen, Inc.   
Carlsbad, California   
K052301

# Device Description

FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Kit is prepared in a synthetic matrix containing chemicals, preservatives, and stabilizers with added analyte constituents of human and synthesized origin. The control is provided in liquid form for convenience.

# Intended Use

The FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Kit is an assayed quality control for the verification of the accuracy and precision of the FastPack® and FastPack® IP Systems when used for the quantitative determination of the analytes listed in the package insert. The following analytes are included in the package insert:

- Free Thyroxine (FT4)   
- Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) - Testosterone   
- Total Prostate Specific Antigen (tPSA) - Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH)

.•

# Comparison of new device to predicate devices

Similarities/Differences between FastPack® Multi-Analyte Assayed Control and   

<table><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Predicate Devices</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FastPack ControlKit:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunologyControl,containing FT4,testosterone, andhCG (K960824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicates:FastPackControls for PSA(K003095) andFastPack® TSHControls(K052301)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The FastPack® ControlKit is an assayed qualitycontrol for theverification of theaccuracy and precisionof the FastPack® andFastPack® IP Systemswhen used for thequantitativedetermination of theanalytes listed in thepackage insert.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunologyControl is intendedfor use in theclinical laboratoryas a consistent testsample of knownconcentration formonitoring assayconditions in manyimmunologicaldeterminations.Includeimmunologycontrol with patientserum specimenswhen assaying forany of the listedconstituents. Theuser can compareobservations withexpected ranges asa means of assuringconsistentperformance ofreagent andinstrument.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSA: TheFastPackControls areassayed qualitycontrol materialsfor the verificationof the accuracy andprecision of theFastPack®Analyzer systemwhen used for thequantitativedetermination ofPSA in humanserum and plasma.TSH: TheFastPack®Controls areassayed qualitycontrol materialsfor the verifiçationof the accuracy andprecision of theFastPack® Systemwhen used for thequantitativedetermination ofTSH in humanplasma.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Synthetic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSA: BSATSH: BSA</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fill Volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each Multi-AnalyteControl kit contains 1vial of Level 1 and 1vial of Level 2, eachfilled to 5 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each Control Kitcontains 2 vials ofLevel 1 , 2 and 3,each filled to 5 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Each Control Kitcontains 1 vial ofLevel 1 and 1 vialof Level 2, eachfilled to 5 mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FastPack Control  vKit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunologyControl,containing FT4,testosterone, andhCG (K960824)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PredicatesFastPackControls for PSA(K003095) andFastPack TSHControls(K052301)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120 days at 2-8 C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 days at 2-8 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 months at 2-8 °C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage Unopened (ShelfLife</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 months at 2-8 °C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 years at -20 </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 months at 2-8 °C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains:- Free Thyroxine (FT4)- Human ChorionicGonadotropin (hCG)- Testosterone- Total Prostate SpecificAntigen (tPSA)- Thyroid StimulatingHormone (TSH)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains FT4,testosterone, andhCG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PSA (K003095),TSH (K052301)</td></tr></table>

# Value Assignment of Analytes

FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Kit lots are value-assigned on 6 FastPack® analyzers with three determinations for each of three lots of FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ reagents and using two separate calibrations to yield 36 determinations for each analyte at each of two Levels. Mean, standard deviation (SD), and percent coefficient of variation $( \% \mathbb { C } \mathbb { V } )$ for each level for each analyte are calculated and a range reported based on mean $\pm \ 3 5 \mathrm { D }$ for each level for each analyte. However, laboratories should establish their own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of the FastPack@ Control Kit as a result of laboratory technique, instrumentation, and reagents.

# Stability

Stability studies have been performed for the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Kit to determine the open vial and closed vial shelf-life claims. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: 120 days at ${ 2 { \cdot } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } } \mathrm { C }$ Shelf Life Stability: 18 months at $2 { \cdot } 8 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$

# SUMMARY

The information provided in this pre-market notification indicates that the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Kit is substantially equivalent to the stated predicate devices. The information further indicates that the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Control Kit is safe and effective for its stated intended use.

# March 8, 2013

Qualigen, Inc. C/O Michael Poirier 2042 Corte Del Nogal Carlsbad, CA 92011

Re: k123725 Trade/Device Name: FastPack $\pmb { \bigotimes }$ Control Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: February 05, 2013 Received: February 11, 2013

Dear Mr. Poirier:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2—Mr. Poirier

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AbouitFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml 15809.htm for. the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123725

Device Name: FastPack® Control Kit

Indications for Use:

The FastPack $\otimes$ Control Kit is an assayed quality control for the verification of the accuracy and precision of the FastPack $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ and FastPack $\otimes$ IP Systems when used for the quantitative determination of the analytes listed in the package insert. The following analytes are included in the package insert:

- Free Thyroxine (FT4)   
- Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) - Testosterone   
- Total Prostate Specific Antigen (tPSA) - Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH)

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)