# 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter807.92(a)(1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nathan Cross CEOGenesis Health Technologies, Inc.1640 McCracken Blvd.Paducah, KY 42001888-263-0003ncross@genesishealthcaretechnologies.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kathleen JohnsonMedical Device Approvals, Inc.PO Box 2042Fairfield, IA 52556641-472-0775kathleen@mdapprovals.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>December 12, 2012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade Name807.92(a)(2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Genesis Health Record System (GHRS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Management System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name807.92(a)(2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.2100 Calculator/data processing module for clinicaluseClass II regulated as an accessory to Blood Glucose Meters</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry 71</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW-System test Blood Glucose Over the CounterJQP-Calculator/Data Processing Module for Clinical Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device807.92(a)(3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISENS PC care blood Glucose data Management SoftwareK100937</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Description807.92(a)(4)Operating Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Genesis Health Record System (GHRS) is an internetbrowser based data management system for use with theGenesis Health Technologies Blood Glucose Meter Clearedunder K121224.2.. The GHRS data management system allows patients towirelessly transmit the results of glucose testing includingthe test result, date and time from the blood glucose metervia a CDMA module in the blood glucose meter over theVerizon wireless network, to a secure central database.The results are then stored on a secure central databaseand can be accessed through the internet by patients and/ orauthorized healthcare professionals, on a personal computerrunning any operating system with access to the internet.The user can review and evaluate results of blood glucosetests and related information to aid in the management ofdiabetic patients.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td rowspan="3">range, a graphical display of the patient&#x27;s results and a percentages.</td><td>Results can be displayed on the computer in the form of a Log Book report showing test results from a specified date</td></tr><tr><td>System Requirements</td><td>trending report showing within target and out of target 3A current internet browser and internet access are required to reach the MyGHR website. No other programs or applications need to be installed on a computer terminal. No</td></tr><tr><td>General Functions</td><td>cables are required. The User goes to the MyGHR website and sets up their account. The data is accessed via an internet browser and a secure login portal requiring a user name and password. The Software System consists of three levels of access or</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Indications for Use</td><td rowspan="2">environments of use: 2- An on-line tutorial guides the user through the setup and use process. Patients enter information such as a target blood glucose range.</td><td>1- The MyGHR System for Home use by the patient This portal is for the patient to access their results as sent from the meter, analyze results as compared to targets and generate charts and graphs to show trends. The MyGHR Plus for Professional use by the healthcare professional allows an authorized healthcare professional to</td></tr><tr><td>access data for patients and analyze results in terms of meeting target levels and also to generate graphs and charts to visualize results over a designated time period: 3- The GHR-ADMIN is for technical support only and accessed only by GHRS employees only.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>desired. guidance or decisions. home and by healthcare professionals in the professional</td><td>Graphs and tables that are displayed can be printed. Alerts can be sent via text message or email for test results if The Genesis Health Record System is intended to be used as an accessory to the Genesis Health Technologies Blood Glucose Meter, Model TD-4123 to assist in the review and evaluation of blood glucose test results and related information to aid in diabetes management. The System is not intended to provide automated treatment It is indicated for use by adult diabetic patients for use in the</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>setting. The System is not indicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.</td></tr><tr><td>Technological Characteristics</td><td>The GHRS uses wireless technology incorporating a CDMA module into the meter to transmit readings over a wireless network to a secure central server for review and analysis. The MyGHR website portal is accessed via internet browser.</td></tr><tr><td>Non-Clinical Testing</td><td>Software verification and validation has been performed and demonstrated safety, repeatability and effectiveness of the GHRS remote database and substantial equivalency to the predicate devices.</td></tr><tr><td>Bench Testing</td><td>The following Verification and Validation Tests are included in this submission: Validation of the logbook functionality, including proper date selection/filtering, proper display of all Reading</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Types, Accuracy of display data for all reading types and verification of all calculations. Found in GHRS V &amp; V Test Plan 2.21.4 pgs.: 13-17. Validation of the Test History Chart, including proper date selection/filtering, proper display of all Reading Types, ACCURACY of display data for ALL reading types and verification of calculations. Found in GHRS</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>V &amp; V Test Plan 2.21.4 pgs.: 17-18. Validation of the logbook functionality for the Target Range Chart, including proper date selection/filtering, proper display of all Reading Types, ACCURACY of display data for ALL reading types, verification of</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>calculations. Found in GHRS V &amp; V Test Plan 2.21.4 pgs.: 19-20. Validation of accuracy of all mathematical calculations including summary data, and statistics used by the. system. Found in GHRS V &amp; V Test Plan 2.21.5 All pages.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Validation of data accuracy from meter to server, including ALL upload scenarios including: automatic, delayed, and multiple for all reading types including before meals, after meals, general and all reading ranges including Low, in range, and High. Found in GHRS V &amp; V Test Plan 2,21,6 All pages. Verification of the device functionality related to data upload and the flight safe switch mode. Found in GHT BGM V &amp; V Test Plan 1.13.1.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human FactorsStudy</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">A Human Factors study was performed with 25 test HomeUse participants, 25 meters, and 4 Healthcare Professionalsall with average computer skills. The study evaluated theentire system setup as well as data download and 100%accuracy of the transmitted data.An analysis of user completed tasks was performed. A userevaluation analysis incorporating a 5 point Likert Scale withmeasures ranging from Strongly Disagree to Strongly Agreewas used.The study was also used to confirm 100% accuracy for datatransmission from the meter to the data base and dataintegrity when analyzed in the intended use environment.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Testing</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">Substantial Equivalence Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:GHRS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device: PC Careby i-SENS K100937</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Genesis Health RecordSystem is an accessory toblood glucose meters toassist in the review andevaluation of blood glucosetest results and relatedinformation to aid in diabetesmanagement. It is indicatedfor use by adult diabeticpatients for use in the homeand by healthcareprofessionals in theprofessional setting. TheSystem is not intended toprovide automated treatmentguidance or decisions. TheSystem is not indicated forthe diagnosis or screening ofdiabetes.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The PC care T BloodGlucose Data ManagementSoftware is a PC-basedsoftware intended for use inthe home and professionalsettings to help people withdiabetes and their healthcareprofessionals in the review,analysis and evaluation ofglucose test results for aneffective diabetesmanagement program. ThePC care ™ Blood GlucoseData Management Softwareconnects to an i-SENS bloodglucose meter, which comeswith a PC care USB cable.The PC care ™ BloodGlucose Data ManagementSoftware allows the user todownload blood glucosereadings automatically fromthe meter to the PC.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Major Features of Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Transfer data from ablood glucose meter to adatabase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, automatically, fromdevice to a remote databasewirelessly over a securecellular network using CDMAtechnology.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, automatically fromdevice to PC via a specialUSB cable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Data can be analyzed by</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, Logbook, Logbook</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes Logbook, Logbook</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">user to display trends ingraph form. Multipletypes of reports can bedisplayed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">summary, Test history ingraph formats, Trends overspecified date range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">summary, Test history ingraph formats, Trends overspecified date range</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data is stored in aDatabase</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes in a remote server</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes on the local PC</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Results and reports canbe shared with others</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, authorized users can logon to MYGHR website andview results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes, reports can be attachedto email or printed out.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Parameters can becustomized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes target ranges, datesvarious health parameters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes target ranges, dates,various health parameters</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software Use Indications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Home Use (patient) andProfessional Use(HealthcareProfessional)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single or Multiple usersettings</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installation of Program</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not required Site is internetbased and accessed througha web browser</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Installed using a CD</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Computer SystemRequirements</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device using Windows, Mac,iPhone, Android or similarOS, with one of the followingapproved browsers installed:Internet Explorer 9Mozilla Firefox 12Apple iOS 5Apple Safari 5.1Google Chrome 19Android Internet Browser 2.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CPU: Minimum 300 MHZ IntelPentium 2 Windows 95,Windows 98, Windows ME,Windows 2000, Windows XP,Windows Vista and Windows7Minimum free hard diskspace: 60MB RAM 128MB orhigher USB port required PCCare USB CableMouse and KeyboardVideo monitor with 1024x768pixel screen minimum and256 colorsCD-Rom drive optional printer</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Access to DMS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accessed via internet on anyPC with internet connectionand approved browser</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">From personal computer viaprogram</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication time of test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (One of: Normal, BeforeMeal, After Meal, ControlSolution)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes (One of: Normal, BeforeMeal, After Meal, ControlSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Technical Support</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes accessed online</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Yes on program installationCD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Summary of Technological Differences</td><td>remote database. drive. 2. browser. 3. via an internet portal and secure login screen The predicate device requires patients to email or print out</td><td>The candidate device uses wireless technology to allow the user to instantly upload test results from the meter to the The predicate requires the user to connect the meter to a PC via a USB cable to upload results stored on a local hard The candidate device allows patient results to be accessed on any computer with internet access and a current internet The predicate device requires the patient to access their results from the PC where the program is installed. The candidate device allows authorized healthcare professionals to directly access and analyze patient results</td></tr><tr><td>Summary of similarities</td><td>1. the BGM to a database 2. graph form. 3.</td><td>and send reports to their healthcare professionals for review. Both devices allow patients to upload their test results from Both devices allow for analysis of results in table, chart and</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>providers in the management of diabetes.</td><td>Both devices are intended to assist patients and healthcare</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>The candidate device has the same intended use as the predicate device. Bench testing has validated the accuracy and reliability of the device. A Human Factors study has demonstrated the usability of the device by its intended user population. Therefore, the Genesis Health Record System is found to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device in</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>both intended use and performance.</td></tr></table>

Food and Drug Administration 10903 New Hampshire Avenue Document Control Center  WO66-G609 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

March 7, 2013

Genesis Health Technologies, LLC c/o Kathleen Johnson, President Medical Device Approvals, Inc. P. O. Box 2042   
Fairfield, IA 52556

Re: k123136 Trade/Device Name: Genesis Health Record System (GHRS) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, JQP Dated: January 22, 2013 Received: January 30, 2013

Dear Ms. Johnson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2-—Ms. Johnson

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm1 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K123136

Device Name: Genesis Health Record System

Indications for Use: The Genesis Health Record System is an accessory to the Genesis Health Technologies Blood Glucose Meter, Model TD-4123 to assist in the review and evaluation of blood glucose test results and related information to aid in diabetes management. It is indicated for use by adult diabetic patients for use in the home and by healthcare professionals in the professional setting. The System is not intended to provide automated treatment guidance or decisions. The System is not indicated for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.