# 510k Summary

# Dimension® Chemistry I Calibrator (CHEM III CAL)

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR:807.92.

1. 510(k) Number

Applicant: Rose T. Marinelli Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. P.O. Box 6101, Newark, DE 19714-6101 Office Number: 302-631-8805; Fax Number: 302-631-6299

3. Date: October 25, 2012

4. Proprietary and Established Names:

Dimension@ Chemistry II Calibrator (CHEM III CAL)

5. Regulatory Information:

Chemistry III Calibrator (CHEM III CAL)

Regulation section: 21 CFR 862.1150 Calibrator,.Multi-Analyte Classification: Class II.   
Product Code: JIX.   
Panel: Clinical Chemistry

# 6. Predicate Devices:

The predicate device used to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the Dimension® Chemistry III Calibrator (CHEM III CAL) is the Dimension Vista $\textcircled{8}$ Chemistry 3 Calibrator (CHEM 3 CAL) previously cleared under k062334.

# 7. Device Description:

Th Chemisry I Calibator CHEM IAL)is  three evel iquid calirator. It i package s kit of six vials, two vials each of Levels 1, 2 and 3 with 2.5 mL per vial. CHEM Ill CAL is a multianalyte, aqueous product containing ammonium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate and ethyl alcohol.

# 8.Intended Use:

The CHEM II CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of Ammonia (AMM), Carbon Dioxide (ECO2) and Ethyl Alcohol (ETOH) assays on the Dimension® clinical chemistry system.

# 9. Indication(s) for Use:

The CHEM Ill CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of Ammonia (AMM), Carbon Dioxide (ECO2) and Ethyl Alcohol (ETOH) assays on the Dimension® clinical chemistry system.

# 10. Substantial Equivalence Information:

Similarities for Dimension® CHEM III CAL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device: DimensionChemistry III Calibrator (CHEM IIICAL) (DC130)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: Dimension Vista®Chem 3 Calibrator (CHEM 3CAL) (KC130) k062334</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid:Provided ready to use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid:Provided ready to use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous product containing ethylalcohol, ammonium bicarbonateand sodium carbonate.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous product containingethyl alcohol, ammoniumbicarbonate and sodium.carbonate.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMM - ASC Grade AmmoniumSulfateEC02 - NIST SRM 351ETOH.- USP.Grade Ethyl Alcohol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMM- ASC Grade AmmoniumSulfateEC02 - NIST SRM 351ETOH - USP Grade Ethyl-Alcohol</td></tr></table>

Differences for Dimension® CHEM III CAL   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device: Dimension®Chemistry III Calibrator.(CHEM3 CAL) (DC130)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate: Dimension Vista®Chem 3 Calibrator (CHEM 3 CAL)(KC130)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CHEM IIl CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for thecalibration of Ammonia (AMM),Carbon Dioxide (EC02) andEthyl Alcohol (ETOH) assays onthe Dimension® clinicalchemistry system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The CHEM 3 CAL is an in vitrodiagnostic product for the calibrationof Ammonia (AMON), CarbonDioxide (C02) and Ethyl Alcohol3(ETOH) methods on the DimensionVista® System.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ug/dl and umol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>umol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorLevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorLevels forAMM only</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Level 3 - 1405 pig/dL[825 μmol/L]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Level 3 - 1050 pmol/L</td></tr></table>

# 11. Standard/Guidance Document Reference:

CLSI, EP25-A, Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline; 2009.

# 12. Performance Characteristics

# Calibrator

For opened products, once the cap is removed, assigned values are stable for 7 days stored on the Dimension® clinical. chemistry system.   
Once cap is removed, assigned values are stable for 30 days when recapped immediately after use and stored at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } C$

The shelf life of the Dimension® CHEM II CAL is 12 months.

. Conclusion: The Dimension® Chemistry I Calibrator (CHEM l CAL) is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Dimension Vista® Chemistry 3 Calibrator.

# February 15, 2013

Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc. c/o Rose T. Marinelli   
500 GBC Drive   
P.O. Box 6101/MS 514   
Newark, DE 19714-6101

Re: k123321 Trade/Device Name: Dimension Chemistry III Calibrator (CHEM III CAL) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIX Dated: February 01, 2013 Received: February 07, 2013

Dear Ms. Marinelli:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or classIII (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http:/www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol.C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123321

# Device Name: Dimension® Chemistry III Calibrator (CHEM III CAL)

Indications for Use:

The CHEM III CAL is an in vitro diagnostic product for the calibration of Ammonia MM), C oxi 0nhy Acol TO  h D clinical chemistry system.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Denise Johnson-lyles -S 2013.02.15 10:17:42 -05'00'

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

Page 1 of _1