# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA and 21 CFR 807.92(C)

The Assigned 510(k) number is: k 123090

Date of Summary: November 19, 2013

Common Name: BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Information:Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NBW; System, Test, BloodGlucose, Over-the-Counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 - Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA; Glucose Oxidase, Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75- Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JJX; single (specified) analytecontrols (assayed and unassayed)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 - Chemistry</td></tr></table>

# Applicant:

General Life Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 7F. No. 605, Rui-Guang Rd.   
Neihu District   
Taipei City, 1 14 Taiwan   
Tel.: 886-2-2205-3698   
Fax: 886-2-2208-0779

Contact Persons: Primary Contact: Mrs. Feng-Yu Lee (Correspondent for this Application) General Life Biotechnology Co., Ltd. c/o IVDD Regulatory Consultant 27001 La Paz Road Suite 266B Mission Viejo, CA 92691 Tel: (949) 951-3046; Fax: (949) 951-2042 fengyulee@ivddreg.com

Alternate Only:   
Jason Su   
General Life Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
7F. No. 605, Rui-Guang Rd.   
Neihu District   
Taipei City, 1 14 Taiwan   
Tel.: 886-2-2205-3698 ext.103; Fax: 886-2-2208-0779 jasonsu@glbiotech.com.tw

# 510(k) SUMMARY (Cont.)

Identification / Product Name:   
BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System (OTC setting) and BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU   
Monitoring System (POC setting)

Device Description for BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System: The BeneCheck™ Premium GLU Monitoring System Kit includes the following: Meter, Blood Glucose Test Strips, Control Solutions, Lancing Device and Lancets. The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Meters, GLU Test Strips, and Lancing Device are manufactured by General Life Biotechnology Co., Ltd. The Premium GLU Meter, when used with the Premium GLU Test Strips, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System is verified by the Premium GLU Control Solution.

Device Description for BeneCheckTM Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System:

The BeneCheck™ Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System Kit includes the following: Meter, Blood Glucose Test Strips, and Control Solutions.

The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU and Premium PRO GLU Meters, GLU Test Strips, and Lancing Device are manufactured by General Life Biotechnology Co., Ltd. The GLU Meter, when used with the GLU Test Strips, quantitatively measures glucose in fresh capillary whole blood. The performance of the BeneCheck™ Premium GLU Monitoring System and RO GLU Monitoring System is verified by the Control Solution.

# Intended Use for BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System:

The BeneCheckTM Premium GLU Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement f glucose sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the ingertip, palm and forearm. The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The BeneCheck™ Premium GLU Monitoring System is intended for sel-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program.

The BeneCheckTM Premium GLU Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, nor for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Test Strips are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm or forearm.

The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Control Solutions are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Meter and BeneCheck™ Premium GLU Test Strips to verify that the meters and test strips are working together properly and that the test performs properly.

# Intended Use for BeneCheck™ Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System:

The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm and forearm. The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional

# 510(k) SUMMARY (Cont.)

healthcare settings, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.

The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, nor for neonatal use. Altemative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Test Strips are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU PRO Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm or forearm.

The BeneCheck™ Premium PRO GLU Control Solutions are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Meter and BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Test Strips to verify that the meters and test strips are working together properly and that the test performs properly.

# Substantial Equivalence (Predicate Kit):

The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and BeneCheckT Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device noted below:   
Device Name: OneTouch® Ultra2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
510k No.: k053529; Device Company: LifeScan, Inc.

# Summary of Device Similarities and Differences

The predicate device OneTouch® Ultra2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System and the subject devices BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System are identical in functionality and performance. A comparison chart outlining differences and similarities between the subject device and predicate device is shown below:

# NOV 2 2 2013 BeneCheck

# 510(k) SUMMARY (Cont.)

8-4 Revised 11/19/2013   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeneCheckTMPremium GLUMonitoring System(New Device, OTC setting)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BeneCheckTPremium PRO GLUMonitoring System(New Device. POC setting)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OneTouch Ultra2Blood Glucose Monitoring System(Predicate Device k053529</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For single-patient use only,in-vitro diagnostic use onlyby individuals with diabetesat home</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For multiple-patient use byhealth care professional inclinical setting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For single-patient use only, in-vitrodiagnostic use only by individualswith diabetes at home; and/ormultiple-patient use by health careprofessional in clinical setting</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>8 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>20-600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Temperature 50-104°F (10-40°C)Relative Humidity: 10-90%Altitude: up to 10,000 feetHematocrit: 30-55%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temperature 43-111°F (6-44°C)Relative humidity: 10-90%Altitude: up to 10,000 feetHematocrit: 30-55%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory Capacity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>360 test results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 test results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual selection code number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Conditions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Transportation Storage Temperature: 50-86°F 10-30 Transportation Storage Humidity: 10-90%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>57 x 95 x 17.5 mm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.12 x 2.25 x 0.9 in(79 x 57.2 x 22.9 mm)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>49.7g with batteries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 oz (42.5g) with batleries</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unit of measure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Fresh capillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Fingertip, forearm, palm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.9 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1μl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Monitor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LCD display</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Backlight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Supply</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CR2032 Battery x1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CR2032 Battery x2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Saving</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Automatic shutoff after 3 minutes of inactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic shutoff after 2 minutes ofinactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>3 Levels (1, 2, 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test StripTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Glucose Oxidase (GOD)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Electrochemical biosensor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Application</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Test strip capillary draw</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Plasma-calibrated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PClink Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes, download results usingOneTouch Diabetes ManagementSoftware</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) SUMMARY (Cont.)

# Statement of No Differences:

For the reasons mentioned above, it can be concluded that the BeneCheckTM Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the OnTouch®Ultra Blood Glucose Monitoring System commercial distribution, with respct to indications for use and technology.

# Technology Characteristics:

BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is an electronic device that utilizes the electrical characteristic technology for measuring the glucose level in human blood. A relatively small drop of blood is placed on a disposable test strip coated with Glucose Oxidase (GOD) which interacts with the software driven meter. Within eight seconds, the level of blood glucose will be shown on the digital display screen. BeneCheck™ Premjum GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System requires only minimum of 0.9 microliter of blood for the testing, therefore it reduces the time and effort required for testing and improves the compliance of diabetic people to their testing regimens

# Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed:

Non-clinical tests were evaluated to establish the performance, functionality, safety and reliability of the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System. The performed evaluations include:

Linearity and sensitivity, readability assessment, safety test, EMC study, vibration, software risk analysis, precision, specimen volume, interference, altitude effect, system operating condition, hematocrit, test strip and control stability (close vial and open vial), and disinfection study.

These studies and evaluations were either performed internally by professional personnel in General L Biotenology  we contracted o thrd prty, perord b qualifd perel, wih poe calibrated/maintained equipment and under properly-controlled environmental conditions. All of the evaluated performances passed and meet the acceptance criteria set in the study protocol.

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

System Accuracy Study:

The accuracy study of the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System was performed by comparing whole blood (plasma equivalent) glucose values on the BeneCheck™m meter with plasma glucose values on the predicate device as well as a lab instrument.

A total of 123 subjects participated. The study result demonstrates that the accuracy of BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System met the acceptance criteria.

# User Performance Study:

A User performance study was performed to demonstrate that lay consumers could obtain accurate results using the subject device. The study was performed by 152 consumers testing capillary whole blood from fingertip, palm and forearm sample sites. The study result shows substantial equivalence to OneTouch Ultra2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System used in finger, palm and forearm position.

# 510(k) SUMMARY (Cont.)

# Performance:

The results of aforementioned studies demonstrate satisfactory performance of BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System (OTC) and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System (POC), and the device is easy to use and the results are understandable by the target users.

The following table summarizes the results from all the non-clinical testing of the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System.

8-6 Revised 11/19/2013   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Non-Clinical Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acceptance Criteria; Summary of Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linearity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R² of first order regression should be ≥ 0.99; tested R² is0.998, 1.000 and 0.998Glucose concentration level should cover &lt; 20 mg/dL &amp; &gt;600mg/dL; tested concentration ranged from 16.2 to 622 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall CV (within 95% confidence interval) for both within-run and between-day should be ≤5.0% at glucose ≥75mg/dL;all tested CV meets acceptance criteriaStandard deviation 5.0 mg/dL at glucose &lt; 75 mg/dL; alltested SD meets acceptance criteria</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interference</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinically significant interference is defined as maximum biasfor each individual test exceeds 10% compared to non-spikecontrol group; Among 26 interference substances, potentialsignificantly interfering substances (including glutathione,levo-dopa) are described in the report and listed under&#x27;Limitations&#x27; section of package inserts, user manuals, andlabeling.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit (HCT) Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calculated % bias vs. reference value and normal HCT shouldbe ≤ 15.0% in all tested HCT range and level of glucose ;tested hematocrit range is 30-55%, compared to referencevalue 42.5% is within bias of ±15% across all glucosemeasuring levels</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bias of each individual test for various sample volume shouldbe ≤ 10% compared to reference value; bias of results are &lt;10% when sample volume is between 0.9 and 1.5 μL, bias is&gt; 10% when sample volume is below 0.9 μL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Altitude Effect</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For venous blood test, bias % should be within ±10%compared to reference value at all glucose concentrations;results from sea level to 10,498 feet (3,200 meters) indicatebias from all 3 venous blood levels are all within ±10% vs.reference valueFor glucose control test, bias % of lower and upper limit of95% Cl should be within ±10% at altitude &lt;328 feet (100meters); results at altitude 1,000 and 10,744 feet (3,275meters) indicate bias within ±10%</td></tr></table>

8-7 Revised 11/19/2013   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Non-Clinical Study</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acceptance Criteria/ Summary of Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•Operating Temperature andHumidity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual concentration bias % compared to reference value at50~104°F (10~40°C) and 10-90% humidity should be within±10% at all glucose concentrations; tested results indicateindividual bias compared to reference value within 10%across all 3 glucose measuring ranges.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test StripReal Time Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual % bias compared to reference value should bewithin ±10% in all 3 tested glucose levels of blood samples;test results meet accepted criteria, on-going study for 24months, current data indicates test strips can be stored upto 180 days at 50~86F (10~30°C) and 10-90% humidity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test StripAccelerated Closed Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual % bias compared to reference value should bewithin ±1 0% in all tested three levels of blood samples; testresults meet accepted criteria, data supports claim that teststrips can be stored up to 2 years at 50~86°F (10~30°C) and10-90% humidity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test StripOpen Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual % bias compared to reference value should bewithin ± 10% in all tested three levels of blood samples; testresults meet accepted criteria, indicates test strips can beused (25 times) over 126 days after opening at 50~86°F(10~30°C) and 10-90% humidity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control SolutionReal Time Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a Individual % bias compared to reference value should bewithin ±10% in all 3 tested glucose levels of blood samples;test results meet accepted criteria, on-going study for 24months, current data indicates control solution can bestored up to 75 days at 50~86°F (10~30°C) and 10-90%humidity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control SolutionAccelerated Closed Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Individual % bias compared to reference value should bewithin ±10% in all tested three levels of blood samples; testresults meet accepted criteria, data supports claim thatcontrol solution can be stored up to 2 years at 50~86°F(10~30°C) and 10-90% humidity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control SolutionOpen Vial Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• Individual % bias compared to reference value should bewithin ± 1 0% in all tested three levels of blood samples; testresults meet accepted criteria, indicates control solutioncan be used (25 times) over 120 days after opening at50~86°F (10~30°C) and 10-90% humidity.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disinfection Efficacy ValidationStudy                 ,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">• LoD, Recovery, Interference, Neutralization, and Disinfectiontests were conducted to evaluate the efficacy of disinfectionprocedure with specified disinfectant (Super Sani-Cloth®Germicidal Disposable Wipes) used on blood glucose meterand lancing device. Results demonstrated that HBV of clinicalsera could be efficaciously removed from meter and lancingdevice following disinfection procedure. Results demonstrateddisinfection procedure and virucide is a robust method toprotect users from HBV infection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simulation of Cleaning CyclesStudy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For blood glucose meter, a total 24,000 wipes (12,000 cleaningand disinfection cycles) support a minimum 3-year claim forsingle patient use and multiple patient professional use. Shelflife of blood glucose meter is 3 yearsFor lancing device, a total of 160 cleaning and disinfectioncycles support a minimum 3-year claim for single patient useby performing cleaning and disinfection once a week. Shelflife of lancing device is 5 years</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flesch-Kincaid ReadabilityAssessment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The operating instructions should be written at an eight-gradereading level or below to reach most of the population; Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level Score ranges from 6.1 to 8.2 for CSInsert, Test Strip Insert, User Manual, and Quick Guide,indicating all instructions are expected to beunderstandable by an average student in 8thgrade,therefore meeting requirement of criteria.</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The results of the Clinical and Non-clinical Tests of the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System and Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System demonstrated that the product is safe and effectiveness in the hands of lay users (Over-The-Counter) and health care professionals (Point-ofCare). The product is substantial equivalence to the predicate device, OneTouch $\otimes$ Ultra2 Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# 8-8 Revised 11/19/2013

# November 22, 2013

GENERAL LIFE BIOTECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. C/O FENG-YU LEE   
27001 LA PAZ ROAD   
SUITE 266B   
MISSION VIEJO CA 92691

Re: K123090 Trade/Device Name: BeneCheck Premium GLU Monitoring System BeneCheck Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA, JJX Dated: November 13, 2013 Received: November 14, 2013

Dear Mrs. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II1 (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intermet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htn. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. palm and forearm. The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program.

The BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, nor for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The BeneCheckT™ Premium GLU Test Strips are for use with the BeneCheckTM Premium GLU Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm or forearm.

The BeneCheckTM Premium GLU Control Solutions are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU Meter and BeneCheck™m Premium GLU Test Strips to verify that the meters and test strips are working together properly and that the test performs properly.

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name: BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System

Indications For Use:

The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip. palm and forearm. The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings, as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. The system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.

The BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Monitoring System should not be used for the diagnosis of, or screening for diabetes, nor for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when glucose is not changing rapidly).

The BeneCheck™ Premium PRO GLU Test Strips are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium GLU PRO Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertip, palm or forearm.

The BeneCheckTM Premium PRO GLU Control Solutions are for use with the BeneCheck™M Premium PRO GLU Meter and BeneCheckTM Premium PRO GLU Test Strips to verify that the meters and test strips are working together properly and that the test performs properly.

Page 2 of 2