# 510(k) Summary Liquichek Diabetes Control

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratorles 9500 Jeronlmo Road, Irvine, Callfornia 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparatlon

December 21, 2012

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Classification Panel: Common Name: Classification: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Liquichek Diabetes Control   
Clinical Chemistry   
Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)   
Class I, Reserved   
JJX   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantlal Equlvalence is Claimed

Liquichek Diabetes Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California

510 (k) Number: K052838

# 4.0 Description of Device

This product is prepared from human whole blood and contains preservatives and stabilizers. The control is provided in liquid form for convenience.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and the corresponding ±3SD ranges printed in this insert were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modiflcations.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Liquichek Dlabetes Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the preclsion of laboratory testlng procedures for the analyte listed in the package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Liquichek Diabetes Control claims substantial equlvalence to the Liquichek Diabetes Control currently in commerclal distribution (K052838). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of simllarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1. Simllarities and Diferences between now and predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Dlabetes Control(Now Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Diabetes Control(Predicate Device, K052838)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarlties</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liqulchek Diabetes Control Is intended foruse as an assayed quality control materialto monitor the precision of laboratorytesting procedures for the analyte listed inthis packago Insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Dlabetes Control Is intendedfor use as an assayed quality controlmaterial to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for theanalyte listed In this package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrlx.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thawed OpenedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2°C to 8 </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thawed UnopenedStabllity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 days at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage     unopened(Shelf life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10°C to -50°C until expilration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-10°C to -70°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin A1C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>•  Hemoglobln A1CHemoglobin</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 . Statement of Supporting Data

Real-time stability studies were conducted to establish the thawed stability claims (openvial and unopened). Accelerated stability studies were conducted to establish the shelflife claims at -20 to ${ \tt - } 5 0 ^ { \circ } { \tt C }$ , Based on the available data, product claims are as follows:

Thawed Open Vial Stability: 14 days at $\pmb { 2 } ^ { \circ } \pmb { \mathbb { C } }$ to ${ \mathfrak { z } } ^ { \circ } { \mathfrak { C } }$ Thawed Unopened Stability: 180 days at $^ { 2 \circ } C$ to ${ \mathfrak { a } } ^ { \bullet } { \mathfrak { C } }$ Shelf Life Stability: 3 years at $\yen 1000$ to $- 5 0 \circ C$ EPY

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics Indicated above, Bio-Rad's Liquichek Diabetes control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device k052838.

All supporting data is retained on file at Blo-Rad Laboratories.

January 9, 2013

Bio-Rad Laboratories c/o Suzanne Parsons 9500 Jeronimo Road Irvine, CA 92618-2017

Re: k123798 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Diabetes control Regulation Number: 21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 1 6 6 0$ Regulation Name: Quality Control Material Regulatory Class: Class I, Reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: December 7, 2012 Received: December 10, 2012

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health at (301) 796- 5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123798

# Device Name: Liquichek Diabetes control

Indications for Use: Liquichek Diabetes Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analyte listed in the package insert.

Katherine Serrano 2013.01.09 15:11:51 -05'00'