K123966

510(k) Summary

JAN 2 5 2013

(a) (1) Submitter's name, address Bionostics, Inc. 7 Jackson Road Devens, MA 01434

Contact Person Randy Byrd VP, Chief Technical Officer (978) 862-1830

Date of preparation of this summary: 25 January 2013

Device trade or proprietary name: Glucose Meter-Check® Solution for Bayer

# Device common or usual name or classification name:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">REGULATION NAME</td><td rowspan="2">CLASSIFICATION</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td rowspan="2">PRODUCT CODE</td></tr><tr><td>NUMBER CLASS</td></tr><tr><td>Quality Control Material</td><td>862.1660</td><td>I, reserved</td><td>JJX</td></tr></table>

# (Substantial Equivalence

Gl Mehe ln Ba van n to currently marketed devices for the same intended use:

Comparison of Glucose Meter-Check Solution to predicate devices or substantial equivalency

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities and Differences of the Blood Glucose Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Itm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceGlucose Meter-Check Solution for BayerK082395</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Meter-Check® Solution isintended for in vitro diagnostic use toassess the performance of the Bayerblood glucose monitoring systems:Contour Next, Contour and Contour TS,and Breeze 2 by healthcare professionalsand in the home by people with diabetesmellitus</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same, with the addition of BayerContour Next BGMS</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24 Months</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Value assignment</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">determined by analysis of glucose oncommercial lots of glucose test stripsqualified for proper measurement usingmanufacturer recommended controlsolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N.I.S.T. SRM 917</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76 to 106 mg/dL.(range of midpoint value assignment forvarious meter types)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94 to 135 mg/dl(range of midpoint value assignmentfor various meter types)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37             '.Item</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">-PredicateDeviceGlucose. Meter-Check Solution for, Bayer.11                K082395,</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Candidate Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Auto QC detection</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">no</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">no</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ingredient (w/v%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current Solution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ingredient (w/v%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Current Solution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.11</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buffer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viscosity Modifier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viscosity Modifier</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dye</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dye</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Container</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">6 ml white LDPE</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">glucose</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Color</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">red</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Net Fill</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">4 mL</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">same</td></tr></table>

midpoint of assigned values, depending on meter and test strip combination

# Description of the new device

Glucose Meter-Check Control Solution is a viscosity-adjusted, aqueous liquid glucose control solution containing no ingredients of biological origin, or in concentrations qualifying as a controlled product under the Controlled Products Regulation. Glucose Meter-Check Control Solution is intended for use to verify the performance of the Bayer BGM systems listed in the package insert and is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home. The product is packaged in plastic bottles with dropper tips for application of the solution to test strips. The control has a red color to help users see the solution while dispensing onto a test strip. Glucose Meter-Check Solution is a non-hazardous aqueous solution glucose control solution containing no ingredients of biological origin, or in concentrations qualifying as a controlled product under the Controlled Products Regulation.

# Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced (if applicable):

ISO 15197:2003 In Vitro diagnostic test systems - Requirements for blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing in managing diabetes mellitus.   
IS0 14971:2009 Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices ISO 13485:2007 Medical Devices - Quality Management Systems - Requirements for regulatory purposes   
IS0 15223-1 Medical devices  Symbols to be used with medical device labels, labeling and information to be supplied - Part 1: General Requirements   
IS0 18113-4 In vitro diagnostic medical devices - Information supplied by the   
manacturer labelingPart 4 In vitro diagnostic reagents for self-testing   
EN 13640 Stability Testing of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents   
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Assayed and Unassayed Quality Control Material

# ) Intended use of the device

Glucose Meter-Check Solution for Bayer is intended to assess the performance of the following Bayer blood glucose test systems:

Bayer Contour Next blood glucose monitoring systems Bayer Breeze 2 blood glucose monitoring systems Bayer Contour and Contour TS blood glucose monitoring systems

Glucose Meter-Check Solution for Bayer is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home.

# ) Technological characteristics of the device.

This material consists of viscosity-adjusted, aqueous glucose control solution prepared with a single concentration of D-glucose and has been optimized to simulate the response of whole blood on Bayer blood glucose test systems. The solution contains no hazardous, human or animal derived components.

# Test Principle:

The BGMS with which this control solution is utilized utilize enzymatic measurement of glucose

()() Summary of non-clinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for the device. Tests were conducted to verify specific performance requirements:

Closed bottle stability   
Stability characteristics were determined under un-opened conditions in real time stability studies of equivalent product to demonstrate an unopened shelf-life of 2 years (24 months) at the recommended storage temperatures, ranging from $2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $3 0 ^ { \circ } C ( 3 6 ^ { \circ } F$ to $8 6 ^ { \circ } F$ )   
Stability after opening   
Glucose Meter-Check Solution for Bayer meets stability requirements as demonstrated by less than $5 \%$ change in percent glucose recovery on YSl on vials evaluated of 3 months (93 days).

Method comparison with predicate device:

Current version blood glucose meters, test strips and quality control solutions were purchased through retail outlets for Bayer blood glucose monitoring systems. To.evaluate equivalence, we performed a series of measurements at room temperature on two Infopia meters using the Glucose Meter Check Solution followed by mid-level Bayer quality control solution for each strip/meter type. Specific Bayer-branded control solutions are recommended for use with all current Bayer-branded glucose meters based upon the test strip brand used with each meter.

The individual values obtained on each measurement were compared to the relevant value assignment ranges for meter/test strip/control combination as well as to the value assignment ranges detérmined as described above for the Meter-Check control solution calculated as mean recovered from 3 test strip lots $\pm 1 1 \%$ (Contour Next) or $\pm 1 6 \%$ (Contour, Contour TS and Breeze2) to correspond to the value assignment ranges currently utilized by Bayer for the meters using the relevant Bayer-branded test strips.

Detailed results are provided in Table 2: Evaluation of Equivalence of Control Solutions on the following page. Each quality control solution was measured in series as described above on each of the Bayer test systems.

The Acceptance Criteria (at least $9 5 \%$ of measurements obtained for the manufacturer recommended quality control solution were within the value assignment ranges provided on the test strips for that meter, test strip and control solution combination) were met with $100 \%$ of all values recovered within value assignment ranges provided with each vial of test strips. $100 \%$ of Meter Check measurements on the same meter and test strip combination were within the value assignment ranges established for Meter Check.

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Test Strip</td><td colspan="2">.</td><td colspan="2">1</td><td colspan="2">assay</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">within</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Type Meter.Brand</td><td>Control Brand</td><td colspan="2">Pooled Mean</td><td colspan="2">Pooled</td><td colspan="2">Pooled. range</td><td colspan="2">assay</td><td>assay itlfr!</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Breeze 2</td><td colspan="2">Breeze 2</td><td></td><td></td><td>SD</td><td>1</td><td>CV%</td><td>(img/dL)</td><td>range (%)</td><td></td><td>range</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Breeze 2</td><td></td><td colspan="2">111.9</td><td>4.4</td><td>4.0%</td><td>93-127</td><td>15%</td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td>! Current Meter-Check</td><td colspan="2">111.5</td><td>2.8 3.2</td><td>2.5%</td><td>95-128</td><td></td><td>15%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contour</td><td colspan="2">New Meter-Check</td><td colspan="2">127.2</td><td>2.5%</td><td>111-151</td><td></td><td>15%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contour</td><td colspan="2">Contour Current Meter-Check</td><td colspan="2">123.6 72.3</td><td>3.3</td><td>2.6%</td><td>104 - 144</td><td>16%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="4">Contour TS</td><td colspan="2">Contour TS</td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td>4.8</td><td>6.7%</td><td>60 -84</td><td>16%</td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">New Meter-Check</td><td colspan="2">117.0</td><td>6.3</td><td></td><td>5.4%</td><td>102-140</td><td>16%</td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contour TS</td><td colspan="2">119.7</td><td></td><td>1.4</td><td>1.2%</td><td>102-140</td><td>16%</td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Current Meter-Check</td><td colspan="2">79.2 4.5</td><td>5.7%</td><td>67-92</td><td></td><td>16%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Contour</td><td colspan="2">New Meter-Check Contour Next</td><td colspan="2">120.0</td><td>5.4 2.9</td><td>4.5%</td><td>102-140</td><td>16%</td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Next EZ</td><td colspan="2">Contour Next</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">130.8</td><td>2.2%</td><td>116-144</td><td></td><td>11%</td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Current Meter-Check</td><td>103.5</td><td>2.5 1.7</td><td>2.4%</td><td>92-115</td><td>11%</td><td></td><td>100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">New Meter-Check</td><td colspan="2">121.0</td><td>1.4%</td><td>110 - 138</td><td></td><td>11%</td><td>100%</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Evaluation of Equivalence of Control Solutions Value assignment for Contour Next EZ determined on Current Meter-Check as mean $\pm 1 1 \%$ to correspond to value assignment range determined by test strip manufacturer.

Greater than $9 5 \%$ EP $( 1 0 0 \% )$ for all measurements of Meter-Check Control Solution were found to be within these limits and therefore, the acceptance criteria are met.

) () Summary of clinical tests submitted with the premarket notification for the device. N/A

(b) (3) Conclusions drawn from the clinical and non-clinical trials.

Comparison of technological characteristics, formulation and intended use to predicate devices listed in this summary support the claim of substantial equivalence.

# January 25, 2013

Bionostics Mr. Randy Byrd 7 Jackson Road Devens, MA 01434

Re: k123966 Trade/Device Name: Glucose Meter-Check Solution for Bayer BGM Systems Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: December 20, 2012 Received: December 26, 2012

Dear Mr. Byrd:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2—Mr. Byrd

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm:

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K123966

Device Name: Glucose Meter-Check Solution for Bayer

Indications for Use: Glucose Meter-Check Solution Bayer is intended to assess the performance of the following Bayer blood glucose test systems:

• Bayer Contour Next blood glucose monitoring systems • Bayer Breeze 2 blood glucose monitoring systems • Bayer Contour and Contour TS blood glucose monitoring systems

Glucose Meter-Check Solution for Bayer is intended for use by healthcare professionals and people with diabetes mellitus at home.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use