# 510(k) Summary

This summary of $5 1 0 ( k )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k123343

# Company / Contact Person

Karen Lee   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division 46360 Fremont Blvd.   
Fremont, CA 94538   
Phone: (510) 979-5000 x31814   
Fax: (510) 979-5422   
E-mail: karen.lee@thermofisher.com

Date Prepared October 24, 2012

# Regulatory Declarations

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common / Usual Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade / Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo Scientific QMS® Tacrolimus ImmunoassayThermo Scientific QMS® Tacrolimus Calibrators</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1678, Tacrolimus Test System.21 CFR 862. 1150, Calibrator</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Regulation Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MLM, JIT</td></tr></table>

# Intended Use $\mathsf { Q M S } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay

The $\mathsf { Q M S } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay is intended for the quantitative determination of tacrolimus in human whole blood on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. The results obtained are used as an aid in the management of kidney, liver, and heart transplant patients receiving tacrolimus therapy. This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

# $\alpha M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Calibrators

The $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Calibrator set is intended for use in calibration of the $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay.

# Legally Marketed Device to Which Equivalency is Claimed

The Thermo Scientific QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Abbott ARCHITECT® Tacrolimus Assay (k070820).

# Device Description

The $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay consists of separately packaged reagents (Reagent 1, Reagent 2 and Extraction Reagent) and calibrators (Calibrator A, B, C, D, E, and F).

1. Reagent Kit Contents and Configurations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Description</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1(Antibody Reagent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1.0% Anti-Tacrolimus monoclonal antibody (rabbit)in a buffer as stabilizer and &lt;0.09% sodium azide aspreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 18 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 2(Microparticle Reagent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3% Tacrolimus-coated microparticles in buffercontaining &lt;0.09% sodium azide as preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 12 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 mM Zinc Sulfate and &lt;0.09% sodium azide aspreservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 50 mL</td></tr></table>

$\mathsf { Q M S } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Reagents are provided ready-to-use in liquid form and are to be stored at 2 to ${ } ^ { 8 \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until the expiration date on the label.

2. Calibrator Kit Contents and Configurations   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Concentration (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 4 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 2 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 2 mL</td></tr></table>

The $\mathsf { Q M S } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Calibrator kit is provided separately and packaged in amber glass bottles in a rectangular cardboard box with a 6-bottle divider.The calibrators are provided in liquid form and are to be stored at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } \pm 5 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C }$ until the expiration date on the label. They are ready-to-use upon thawing.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thermo Scientific QMS® TacrolimusImmunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott ARCHITECT® Tacrolimus Assay(k070820)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay isintended for the quantitative determinationof tacrolimus in human whole blood onautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.The results obtained are used as an aid inthe management of kidney, liver, and hearttransplant patients receiving tacrolimustherapy. This in vitro diagnostic device isintended for clinical laboratory use only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT Tacrolimus assay is achemiluminescent microparticleimmunoassay (CMIA) for the quantitativedetermination of tacrolimus in human wholeblood on the ARCHITECT / System. TheARCHITECT Tacrolimus assay is to beused as an aid in the management of liverand kidney allograft patients receivingtacrolimus therapy.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay is ahomogeneous particle-enhancedturbidimetric inhibition immunoassay. Theassay is based on competition betweendrug in the sample and drug coated onto amicroparticle for antibody binding sites ofthe tacrolimus antibody reagent. Thetacrolimus-coated microparticle reagent israpidly agglutinated in the presence of theanti-tacrolimus antibody reagent and in theabsence of any competing drug in thesample. The rate of absorbance change ismeasured photometrically. When a samplecontaining tacrolimus is added, theagglutination reaction is partially inhibited,slowing down the rate of absorbancechange. A concentration-dependent classicagglutination inhibition curve can beobtained with the maximum rate ofagglutination at the lowest tacrolimusconcentration and the lowest agglutinationrate at the highest tacrolimus concentration,</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ARCHITECT Tacrolimus assay is adelayed one-step immunoassay for thequantitative determination of tacrolimus inhuman whole blood using CMlA technologywith flexible assay protocols, referred to asChemiflex. Prior to the initiation of theautomated ARCHITECT sequence, amanual pretreatment step is performed inwhich the whole blood sample is extractedwith a precipitation reagent and centrifuged.The supernatant is decanted into aTransplant Pretreatment Tube, which isplaced onto the ARCHITECT® Sysem.Sample, assay diluent, and anti-tacrolimuscoated paramagnetic microparticles arecombined to create a reaction mixture.Tacrolimus present in the sample binds tothe anti-tacrolimus coated microparticles.After a delay, tacrolimus acridinium-labeledconjugate is added to the reaction mixture.The tacrolimus on the acridinium-labeledconjugate competes for the availablebinding sites on the microparticles.Following incubation, the microparticles arewashed, and pre-trigger and triggersolutions are added to the reaction mixture.The resulting chemiluminescent reaction ismeasured as relative light units (RLUs). Anindirect relationship exists between theamount of tacrolimus in the sample and theRLUs detected by the ARCHITECT®System optics.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SamplePreparation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Pretreatment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Pretreatment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-to-Use (Antibody reagent,Tacrolimus coated microparticle reagent,and Extraction reagent)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-to-Use (Antibody coatedmicroparticle reagent, Tacrolimus conjugatereagent, and Assay diluent)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-to-Use, six levels (0.0, 2.0,5.0, 10.0, 20.0, and 30.0 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid Ready-to-Use, six levels (0.0, 3.0,6.0, 12.0, 20.0, and 30.0 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 to 30.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 to 30.0 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Performance Testing

# Functional Sensitivity (LOQ)

The Functional Sensitivity or Limit of Quantitation (LOQ) of the assay is defined as the lowest concentration that will demonstrate a Coefficient of Variance (CV) of inter assay precision at $20 \%$ that has been measured over an extended period. The Functional Sensitivity or LOQ is $0 . 9 n g / m L$ .

# Precision

The total-run precision of the $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay at various levels across the assay range was determined to be less than or equal to $7 . 3 \%$ CV.

# Dilution Recovery

Samples were tested to demonstrate linearity throughout the assay range. The assay is linear from 0.8 to 29.9 ng/mL.

# Spike Recovery

Saples we std overy heecovey  nalyacross thenamicrange  hessy.   
The recovery for all samples were less than or equal to $10 \%$ error.

# Method Comparison

Samples were tested in the $Q M S ^ { \infty }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay and compared to reference method LC-MS/MS and predicate device Abbott ARCHITECT® Tacrolimus assay. The method comparison between the QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay and LC-MS/MS is $y = 1 . 1 1 1 \times + 0 . 5 3$ $R = 0 . 9 7 2$ The method comparison between the ${ \mathsf { Q M S } } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay and Abbott ARCHITECT® Tacrolimus assay is $y = 1 . 1 2 6 x - 0 . 0 3$ , $R = 0 . 9 3 7$ .

# Specificity

Specificity studies were conducted for available major metabolites of tacrolimus, medications routinely co-administered with tacrolimus, and other over-the-counter drugs. The studies indicate the $Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay has partial cross reactivity to major metabolites and minimal to no cross reactivity for co-administered and over-the-counter drugs.

# Interfering Substances

Endogenous substances that commonly exist in human whole blood were tested to ensure no interference with the quantitation of tacrolimus using the $\alpha M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay. At the concentrations tested, the interfering substances caused less than $10 \%$ error with the $\dot { \mathsf { Q M S } } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay.

# Reagent Stability

The reagents for the $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay were tested for real time and accelerated time stability. The reagents are stable for up to 13 months at $2 . 8 \%$ based on accelerated studies. The on-board reagent stability is stable for up to 35 days on the Beckman $A \cup 6 8 0 ^ { \otimes }$ clinical analyzer.

# Calibrator Stability

The calibrators for the $\ Q M S ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay were tested for real time and accelerated time stability. The calibrators are stable for up to 15 months at $- 2 0 \%$ based on accelerated studies. The calibrator open vial stability is stable for 42 days at $2 . 8 ^ { \circ } C$ when stored tightly capped.

# Conclusion

Substantial equivalence of the $\mathsf { Q M S } ^ { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay to the previously cleared Abbott ARCHITECT® Tacrolimus Assay has been demonstrated through performance testing (Section 18) to verify that the device functions as intended and design specifications have been satisfied.

Microgenics Corp. C/O Karen Lee 46360 Fremont Blyd. FREMONT CA 94538

Re: K123343 Trade/Device Name: Thermo Scientific QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay Thermo Scientific $Q M S \otimes$ Tacrolimus Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1678 Regulation Name: Tacrolimus test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: MLM, JIT Dated: June 18, 2013 Received: June 20, 2013

Dear Ms. Lee:

We have reviewed your Section S10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Aci. Thc neral controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I1 (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as sel forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123343

# Device Name: Thermo Scientific QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay Thermo Scientific $\mathbf { Q M S } \mathbf { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Calibrators

Indications for Use:

# QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay

The $\mathbf { Q M S } \mathbf { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Immunoassay is intended for the quantitative determination of tacrolimus in human whole blood on automated clinical chemistry analyzers. The results obtained are used as an aid in the management of kidney, liver, and heart transplant patients receiving tacrolimus therapy. This in vitro diagnostic device is intended for clinical laboratory use only.

QMS® Tacrolimus Calibrators   
The $\mathbf { Q M S } \mathbf { \otimes }$ Tacrolimus Calibrator set is intended for use in calibration of the QMS® Tacrolimus Immunoassay.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Denise Johnson-lyles -S 2013.07.10 07:27:22 -04'00\*