K123726

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type

Introduction

The information in this 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

# Submitter name, address, and contact

Roche Diagnostics 9115 Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Contact person: David Tribbett Phone: 317-521-2964 Fax: 317-521-2324

Date Prepared: November 30, 2012

# Device name

Proprietary name:

cobas 8000 ISE Indirect Na, K, Cl for Gen. 2.

# Common name:

Sodium Test System Potassium Test System Chloride Test System

# Classification:

Ion-Specific Electrode Sodium Ion-Specific Electrode Potassium Ion-Specific Electrode Chloride

# Establishment registration

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

Classification

The FDA has classified the Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride Test Systems as Class II devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductCode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry (75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Specific Electrode, Sodium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR862.1665</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry (75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Specific Electrode,Potassium</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR862.1600</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry (75)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Specific Electrode, Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR862.1170</td></tr></table>

# Proposed labeling

Draft labeling sufficient to describe the device, its intended use, and the directions for use on the cobas 8000 Urine ISE analyzer module is included in the submission.

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

Device description

The cobas 8000 ISE module is an Ion-Selective Electrode (ISE) system for the determination of sodium, potassium, and chloride in serum, plasma, and urine. The cobas 8000 ISE module and the ISE Gen 2 reagents were previously cleared for serum and plasma sample types under K100853. This premarket notification seeks to obtain FDA review and clearance for the urine sample type for the ISE Gen 2 reagents on the cobas 8000 ISE module.

An ISE makes use of the unique properties of certain membrane materials to develop an electrical potential (electromotive force, EMF) for the measurements of ions in solution. The electrode has a selective membrane in contact with both the test solution and an internal filling solution. The internal filling solution contains the test ion at a fixed concentration. Because of the particular nature of the membrane, the test ions will closely associate with the membrane on each side. The membrane EMF is determined by the difference in concentration of the test ion in the test solution and the internal filling solution. The EMF develops according to the Nernst equation for a specific ion in solution (see package insert for further explanation). Please refer to K100853 for detailed hardware and software information relating to the cobas 8000 modular analyzer series.

Commercially available controls are recommended for the urine sample type. Aqueous ISE standard calibrators (S1, S2, and S3) were cleared under K053165 and ISE Compensator under K052193.

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

# Indications for use

The cobas 8000 ISE module is a fully automated ion-specific analyzer intended for the in vitro potentiometric determination of chloride, potassium, and sodium in serum, plasma, and urine using ion-selective electrodes. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases or conditions involving electrolyte imbalance.

# Substantial equivalencecomparison

The following table compares the cobas 8000 ISE module and its predicate device the COBAS INTEGRA ISE cleared under K963627.

Continued on next page

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

Comparison of Systems - similarities and differences   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>System Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateCOBAS INTEGRA ISEK963627</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas 8000 ISE Module,Urine Sample Type</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The COBAS INTEGRA ISEmodule applications are intendedfor use for the quantitativedetermination of sodium,potassium, chloride, and lithium inserum, plasma or urinc using ion-selective electrodes.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ISE module of theRoche/Hitachi cobas c systems isintended for the quantitativedetermination of sodium, potassiumand chloride in serum, plasma orurine using ion-selcctive electrodes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, Plasma, Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same(this submission only applies to theurine sample type)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurementprinciple</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Potentiometry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagentcontainer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plastic bottles closed via screwcaps</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Onboardstoragetemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Room Temperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Module</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrated into Integra analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Separate ISE module connected toCore cobas 8000 module</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion Selectiveelectrodes(ISEs)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potentiometric chloride, potassium,sodium and reference electrodes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleDilution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1:46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Throughput</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max 600 tests/hour</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Max 1800 tests/hour</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

Comparison of assays - similarities and .differences (Sodium)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>AssayComparisonSodium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateCobas Integra ISE (K963627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas 8000 Urine ISE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean    CV [%][mmol/L]Low     56        1.0High     259       0.49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean       SD     CV[mmol/L] [mmol/L] [%]Low    66.4       0.4     0.6Med    178.9      0.9     0.5High    321.7       0.7     0.2Liq 1    81.1       0.3     0.4Liq 2    170.6      0.5     0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Intermediateprecision(CLSI)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean    CV [%][mmol/L]Low      56        3.0High     259        1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean       SD     CV· [mmol/L] [mmol/L] [%]Low     68.6       1.1      1.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Med    180.3       1.0     0.6High    318.0       2.1     0.7Liq 1    82.7       1.2     1.4Liq 2    171.3       1.0     0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethodComparisonto reference(flamephotometer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not provided in labeling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N =59Days = 2Correlation = 0.9997Slope (Bablok) = 0.976Intercept (Bablok) = 4.3548Range (X)= 65.7 - 327.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodcomparisonto predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 174Correlation = 0.996Slope = 0.95Intercept = 3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 59Days = 2Correlation = 0.9996Slope (Bablok) = 0.930Intercept (Bablok) = 12.0671Range (X) = 63.8 - 339.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionLimits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not determined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB = 7.55 mmol/LLOD = 8.88 mmot/LLOQ = 49.53 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportablerange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-350 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-350 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtendedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Extended Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Extended Range</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

Comparison of assays - similarities and differences, (Potassium)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay ComparisonPotassium</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate           :Cobas Integra ISE (K963627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas 8000 Urine ISE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean    CV [%][mmol/L]Low      33        0.26High     125        2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean      SD     CV[mmol/L][mmol/L] [%]Low     3.65      0.00     1.2Med    51.10      0.30     0.6High    83.78      0.66     0.8Liq 1    32.19      019     0.6Liq 2    69.47      0.39     0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Intermediateprecision(CLSI)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean    CV [%][mmol/L]Low      33         1.4High     125        2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean       SD     CV[mmol/L] [mmol/L]  [%}Low     3.75       0.06     1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Med    49.48      0.65     1.3.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High    80.60      1.32     1.6Liq 1    31.32      0.37     1.2Liq 2    67.49      1.17     1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethodComparisonto reference(flamephotometry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not provided in labeling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 59Days = 2Correlation = 0.9993Slopc (Bablok) = 0.962Intercept (Bablok) = 1.7605Range (X) = 4.20 - 91.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodcomparisonto predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 162Correlation = 0.999Slope = 1.04Intercept = -0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 59Days = 2Correlation = 0.9997Slope (Bablok) = 0.920Intercept (Bablok) = 1.4589Range (X) = 3.98 - 97.74</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionLimits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not determined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB = 0.32 mmol/LLOD = 0.35 mmol/LLOQ = 2.33 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportablerange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-150 mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-100 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtendedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Extended Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Extended Range</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

Comparison of assays - similarities and differences, (Chloride)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Assay ComparisonChloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateCobas Integra ISE (K963627)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas 8000 Urine ISE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Repeatability</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Mean    CV [%][mmol/L]Low     147       0.44High    274       0.30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean       SD     CV[mmol/L] [mmol/L] [%]Low     63.6       0.5     0.7Med    180.8       0.9     0.5High    341.7       1.1      0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liq 1    92.3       0.4     0.5Liq 2    189.6       0.6     0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Intermediateprecision(CLSI)</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Mean    CV [%][mmol/L]Low     147        1.1High     274       2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean       SD     CV[mmol/L] [mmol/L] [%]Low    64.7       1.1      1.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Med    179.7       1.2     0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High   336.5       3.5     1.0Liq 1    92.6       1.1      1.2Liq 2    187.6       1.6     0.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MethodComparisonto reference(coulometry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 164Correlation = 0.981Slope = 0.95Intercept = 11.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N= 59Days = 2Correlation = 0.9985Slope (Bablok) = 1.092Intercept (Bablok) = -11.2893Range (X) = 66.0 - 324.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodcomparisonto predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not provided in labcling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N = 59Days = 2Correlation = 0.9997Slope (Bablok) = 0.952Intercept (Bablok) = 0.5078Range (X) = 65.2 - 350.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DetectionLimits</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not determined</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LOB = 8.70 mmol/LLOD = 9.66 mmol/LLOQ = 48.03 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reportablerange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-350 mmol/l</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-350 mmol/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ExtendedRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Extended Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Extended Range</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary: cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type, Continued

# Evaluations summary

The cobas 8000 ISE Module, Urine Sample Type was evaluated for several performance characteristics, including repeatability, intermediate precision, LoB, LoD, LoQ, method comparison, recovery in controls, and linearity.

# Conclusion

The ISE Gen 2 reagents applied to the cobas 8000 ISE analyzer is substantially equivalent to the predicate COBAS INTEGRA ISE cleared under K963627.

May 21, 2013

Roche Diagnostics C/O David Tribbett 9115 Hague Road INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250

Re: K123726 Trade/Device Name: cobas 8000 ISE Indirect Na, K, Cl for Gen. 2. Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1665 Regulation Name: Sodium test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JGS, CEM, CGZ Dated: April 4, 2013 Received: April 9, 2013

Dear Mr. Tribbett:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k123726

Device Name: cobas 8000 ISE Indirect Na, K, Cl for Gen. 2

Indications for Use:

The cobas 8000 ISE module is a fully automated ion-specific analyzer intended for the in vitro potentiometric determination of chloride, potassium, and sodium in serum, plasma, and urine using ion-selective electrodes. Measurements obtained by this device are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases or conditions involving electrolyte imbalance.