<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Submitter:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ARKRAY Factory, Inc.1480 Koji, Konan-choKoka-shi, Shiga, JAPAN, 520-3306</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact Person:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lonna M. DenDoovenRegulatory Affairs SpecialistARKRAY Factory USA, Inc.5182 West 76th StreetEdina, Minnesota, USA 55439Phone: (952) 646-3175Fax: (952) 646-3230</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date Prepared:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">June 30, 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade Name:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemReliOn Confirm Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose test system, 21 CFR 862.1345; Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Codes:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CGA, NBW</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System (K073416)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Description:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System and ReliOnConfirm Blood Glucose Monitoring System consist of a meter, teststrips, and control solution for use as an aid to monitor the effectivenessof diabetes control.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intendedfor the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary wholeblood samples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. Testing is doneoutside the body (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use athome (over the counter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. It is not intended for thediagnosis of or screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended foruse on neonates. It is intended for single patient use and should not beshared with other individuals.The ReliOn Confirm Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended forthe quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from the fingertips, or palm. Testing is done outside thebody (In Vitro diagnostic use). It is indicated for use at home (over thecounter [OTC]) by persons with diabetes as an aid to monitor theeffectiveness of diabetes control. It is not intended for the diagnosis ofor screening for diabetes mellitus, and is not intended for use onneonates. It is intended for single patient use and should not be sharedwith other individuals.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubstantialEquivalence Basis:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The new GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System isidentical to the GLUCOCARD 01 (k073416, cleared by FDA June 13,2008) except that the manufacturing process for the GLUCOCARD 01SENSOR Blood Glucose Test Strip has been modified to allow formore efficient production. The fundamental scientific technology of themodified test strip has not changed. The modifications to the test stripdid not require any changes to meter hardware, software or othercomponents of the test system.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Functional andSafety Testing:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A clinical study was conducted with persons with diabetes to evaluatesystem accuracy and to assess ease of use.Analytical verification testing was performed to evaluate precision,dynamic range/linearity, interfering substances, sample volume,stability and the effect of altitude, hematocrit, and environmentalconditions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conclusion:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labeling, bench testing results and clinical testing results support theIndications for Use and the claim of substantial equivalence to thepredicate.</td></tr></table>

ARKRAY FACTORY INC.   
LONNA DENDOOVEN   
REGULATORY AFFAIRS SPECIALIST 5198 WEST 76TH ST   
EDINA MN 55439

Re: K124021 Trade/Device Name: ARKRAY GLUCOCARDTM 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System ReliOn Confirm Blood Glucose Monitoring Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW.CGA Dated: June 18. 2014 Received: June 19, 2014

Dear Ms. Lonna Dendooven:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( { \sf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976, the enactment dale of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. markel the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practicc, labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does nol evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class [! (Special Controls) or class II1 (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination thal your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statules and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as sct forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the clectronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Katherine Serrano -S

For : Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k124021

Device Name GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System

# Indications for Use (Describe)

The GLUCOCARD 01 Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucosein T o is intended for single patient use and should not be shared with other individuals.

The GLUCOCARD 01 SENSOR Plus Blood Glucose Test Strips are intended to be used with the GLUCOCARD 01 BGi fingertips, or palm.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

Stayce Beck -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.'

The buren tmeor hcollection  inomation is tatd toveraghours p eponse,nclude time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain he data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Number (if known) k124021

Device Name ReliOn Confirm Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The RelCon Bloo Glucoe Moniorin stntende h uantitativeasuemen ucosn for single patient use and should not be shared with other individuals.

T Relin Conm us BloodGucoeTt Strips tened t  sith he RelnCon Blood Gluo palm.

# FOR FDA USE ONLY

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burn tieorhcollection noation is tatd vergours p eonse,nclud time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain he data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."