# 510(k) Notification Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set

510(k) Summary

# A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

B. Contact Person

Dessi Lyakov Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 118 E-mail: dlyakov@aaltoscientific.com

C. Date of Summary Preparation

February 15, 2013

D. Device Identification

Product Trade.Name: Audi® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set   
Common Name: Vitamin D. Linearity   
Classification Name: Assay QC Material   
Device Classification: Class I, reserved   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660   
Panel: 75   
Product Code JJX   
Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed   
Product Trade Name: Audit® MicroCV™ hs-CRP Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, CA K101427

# E. Description of the Device

The Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels of human and equine based serum, with each level containing Vitamin D It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of Vitamin D. Level A is near the lower limit level and Level E has concentrations near the upper limit of instruments. Levels B - D are related by linear dilution of Level A and Level E.

# F. Statement of Intended Use

The Audi® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels of human and equine based serum. Each level contains Vitamin D. These five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Vitamin D. It is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for purpose of determining linearity, calibration

# 510(k) Notification Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set

verification and verification of reportable range for Vitamin D.

The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling and may be used as quality control material for Vitamin D. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The Audit® MicroCVT Vitamin D Linearity Set should not be used for calibration or standardization of the Vitamin D assay. The Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

# G. Summary of Performance Data

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf life for the Audi® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set. Al supporting data is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: Once a vial has been opened, the Vitamin D will be stable for 30 days when stored tightly capped at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf C$ .

Shelf Life: Two years, when stored unopened at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \complement$ .   
Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.

# H. Expected Values

Value assignment of Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin  Linearity Set have been performed to determine the expected values of Vitamin D analyte. All supporting data is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Vitamin  ng/mL, Instrument: Advia Centaur, Siemens Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level E</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17,15-23.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.58-53.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.03-89.33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.22-123.42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>135.72</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115.36-156.08</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Notification Audit® MicroCV™M Vitamin D Linearity Set

I.Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set(New)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit ™ MicroCVTM hs-CRPLinearity Set(K101427)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D Linearity Set isan assayed quality control material consisting offive levels of human and equine based serum.Each level contains Vitamin D. These five levelsdemonstrate a linear relationship to each other forVitamin D. It is intended to simulate human patientserum samples for purpose of determininglinearity, calibration verification and verification ofreportable range for Vitamin D.The product is intended for use with quantitativeassays on the indicated analyzer provided in thelabeling and may be used as quality controlmaterial for Vitamin D. When used for qualitycontrol purposes, it is recommended that eachJaboratory establish its own means and acceptable recommended that each laboratory establishranges and use the values provided only asguides. The Audit® MicroCV™ Vitamin D LinearitySet should not be used for calibration orstandardization of the Vitamin Dassay. The Audit@assays on the indicated analyzer provided inMicroCV™M Vitamin D Linearity Set is &quot;For In VitroDiagnostic Use Only&quot;.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Audit ™ MicroCV™ hs-CRP Linearity Setis assayed quality control material consistingof five levels human based serum. Eachlevel contains High Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein (hs -CRP) analyte. The five levelsdemonstrate a linear relationship to eachbther for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Proteink(hs -CRP) analyte. It is intended to simulatehuman patient serum samples for purpose ofmonitoring and detecting systematicanalytical deviations of laboratory testingprocedures for High Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein (hs -CRP). This product may be usedas quality control material for High SensitivityC-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. Whenused for quality control purposes, it isJaboratory establish its own means and acceptable recommended that each laboratory establishits own means and acceptable ranges anduse the values provided only as guides. Theproduct is intended for use with quantitativestandardization of the Vitamin Dassay. The Audit@assays on the indicated analyzer provided inthe labeling, The Audit ™ MicroCV™ hs-CRPLinearity Set is &quot;For In Vitro Diagnostic UseOnly&quot;.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number oflevels per set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&quot;                         5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>,                     5x 2 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 1mL :</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L       Human and Equine Based Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°CUntil expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>$               30 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 days at 2 to 8° C</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusions

Based upon the purpose of the device, the descriptions and labeling of the predicate device, the safety and efficacy, and the stability data generated, the product is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. C/O Dessi Lyakov 1959 Kellogg Ave. CARLSBAD CA 92008

Re: K130764 Trade/Device Name:Audit®_MicroCVTM.Vitamin.D:LinearitySet Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JJX Dated: March 19, 2013 Received: March 29, 2013

Dear Dessi Lyakov:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code o Federal Regulations, Tite , Parts 800 to 98 In adition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml 15809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 80.9For questions regarding the rporting oadverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800).638-2041-or-(301)-796-7100-or-at-its-Internet-address. http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Caroleson -Sfor

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k130764

Device Name: Audit® MicroCV™M Vitamin D Linearity Set

Indications For Use:

The-Audit®-MicroCV™M Vitamin-D-Linearity-Set-is-an-assayed-quality-control material consisting of five levels of human and equine based serum. Each level contains Vitamin D. These five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Vitamin D. It is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for purpose of determining linearity, calibration verification and verification of reportable range for Vitamin D.

The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling and may be used as quality control material for Vitamin D. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The Audit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MicroCVTM Vitamin D Linearity Set should not be used for calibration or standardization of the Vitamin D. assay. The Audit $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ MicroCVTM Vitamin D Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

Prescription Use X Over-The-Counter Use AND/OR (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Offce of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Yung W.Chan -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

510(k) k130764