K130094

# 510(K) SUMMARY As Required By 21 CFR 807.92

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides detail for a determination.

General Information   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submitter Information</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbot Diabetes Care Inc.1360 South Loop RoadAlameda, CA 94502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>David G. LambertSenior Regulatory Affairs Specialist</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Telephone No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(510) 749-5105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fax No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(510) 864-4791</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Prepared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>January 25, 2013</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Information:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proprietary Name(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose andβ-Ketone Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i) System, Test, Blood Glucose, Over the counterii) Glucose Dehydrogenase, Glucoseiii) Nitroprusside, Ketones (Urinary, Non-quant.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>i) Glucose Test System (21 CFR 862.1345,Product Code NBW)ii) Glucose Test System (21 CFR 862.1345,Product Code LFR)iii) Ketones (Nonquantitative) Test System (21CFR 862.1435, Product Code JIN)iv) Calculator/data processing module, forclinical use. (21 CFR 862.2100, Product CodeJQP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision Xceed Pro Blood Glucose andβ-Ketone Monitoring System, cleared underK080960</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legal Manufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbott Diabetes Care Ltd.Range RoadWitneyOxonOX29 0YLUK</td></tr></table>

# Device Description and Technological Characteristics:

The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System is a microprocessor-controlled devices that algorithmically process electrical current from a (biosensor) test strip to compute a diabetic patient's blood glucose reading. The meter is fabricated from standard electronic components housed in an injection molded plastic case that offers easy test strip alignment and insertion, and a custom graphic liquid crystal display (LCD). The LCD will display menu prompts, icons, results, and data. The meter also includes a function key for turning the unit on/off and to select functions.

The meter requires 2 user replaceable standard AA cell batteries. The Freestyle Precision Pro meter is calibrated by scanning the lot specific bar code on the test strip foil label. An assay cannot be performed until the barcode information has been recorded.

The meter automatically stores the last 2,500 test results, which may be a combination of blood glucose or glucose control results. These results can be recalled and displayed again. Additionally, the meters can store up to 6,000 Operator IDs or 1,000 Quality Control tests.

# Intended Use: Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitoring System

The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and from venous, arterial and neonatal whole blood, and for the quantitative measurement of $\beta$ - ketone (beta-hydroxybutyrate) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous whole blood when used within 30 minutes after collection. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.

The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes.

The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta .$ -Ketone Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood $\beta$ Ketone Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Meter to quantitatively measure $\beta$ -ketone in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.

Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System enables automatic transmission of stored data to a data management system using the docking station (optional), a data upload cable (optional), or wirelessly (optional) in a WiFi enabled facility when the meter and data management systems are properly configured.

# Comparison to Predicate Device:

The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta .$ -Ketone Monitoring System has equivalent technological characteristics to the Precision Xceed Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System (cleared under K080960). The test strip has the same intended use as the predicate test strip.

The similarities between the Freestyle Precision Pro and Freestyle Xceed Pro Blood Glucose and EY $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring Systems are highlighted below:

<table><tr><td></td><td>Predicate</td><td>Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Precision Xceed Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring System</td><td>Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td>Blood Glucose Strip Specifications</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Test Strip Enzyme</td><td>Glucose Dehydrogenase (NAD dependent)</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Glucose Range</td><td>20-500 mg/dL</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Operating Temperature</td><td>59°-104°F</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Operating Humidity Sample volume</td><td>10-90% 0.6 μl</td><td>Same Same</td></tr><tr><td>(Glucose)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Data storage</td><td>2,500 patient results 1,000 control test results</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Power source</td><td>2 AA batteries</td><td>Same</td></tr></table>

The differences between the Freestyle Precision Pro and Freestyle Xceed Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring Systems are highlighted below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision Xceed Pro Blood Glucoseand β-Ketone Monitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose andβ-Ketone Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Precision XCeed Pro BloodGlucose and β-Ketone MonitoringSystem is intended for in vitro (outsidethe body) diagnostic use for thequantitative measurement of glucose(D-glucose) in fresh capillary wholeblood samples. The Precision XCeedPro System is for home (lay user) orprofessional use. The system is not foruse in diagnosing diabetes mellitus, butis to be used as an aid in monitoring theeffectiveness of diabetes controlprograms.Healthcare professionals may also usethe product for the quantitativemeasurement of glucose in venous,arterial, or neonatal whole blood andketone in venous blood, provided thesample is used within 30 minutes aftercollection.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone MonitoringSystem is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugain fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and from venous, arteriand neonatal whole blood, and for the quantitative measurement of βketone (beta-hydroxybutyrate) in fresh capillary whole blood from thfinger and venous whole blood when used within 30 minutes aftercollection. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-KetoneMonitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitrodiagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professionahealthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetescontrol program. This system should only be used with single-use,auto-disabling lancing devices.The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening fordiabetes.The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use withe Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Meter toquantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole bloodsamples drawn from the fingertips. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blooβ-Ketone Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Pro BlooGlucose and β-Ketone Meter to quantitatively measure β-ketone infresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips.Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and β-Ketone Monitoring Systenables automatic transmission of stored data to a data managementsystem using the docking station (optional), a data upload cable(optional), or wirelessly (optional) in a WiFi enabled facility when thmeter and data management systems are properly configured.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Data upload</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Via data cable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Via data cable or wirelessly</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Precision Xceed Pro BloodGlucose and β-KetoneMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Freestyle Precision Pro BloodGlucose andβ-Ketone Monitoring System</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleaning/Disinfection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cleaning with cloth dampenedwith water or mild detergent</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disinfection with Dispatch wipes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">laser</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1D/2D camera</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood glucose assaytime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5 sec</td></tr></table>

# Performance Studies:

The performance of the meter and test strip were studied in the laboratory and in clinical settings by healthcare professionals. The studies demonstrated that healthcare professionals can obtain blood glucose results that are substantially equivalent to the current methods for blood glucose measurements, which include the predicate device listed above.

# Conclusion:

Results of laboratory and clinical testing demonstrate that the performance of the meter and test strip, when used according to the intended use stated above, is acceptable and comparable to the performance of the previously mentioned predicate device for blood glucose testing.

# June 27, 2013

Abbott Diabetes Care Inc. C/O David Lambert 1360 South Loop Road ALAMEDA CA 94502

Rc: K130094 Trade/Device Name: Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitoring System • Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: NBW, LFR, JQP, JIN Dated: May 24, 2013 Reccived: May 28, 2013

Dear Mr. Lambert:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into cither class |1 (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please bc advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence delermination does not mean that FDA has made a determination thal your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblen/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K130094

Device Name: Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta \cdot$ -Ketone Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger, and from venous, arterial and neonatal whole blood, and for the quantitative measurement of $\beta$ -ketone (beta-hydroxybutyrate) in fresh capillary whole blood from the finger and venous, arterial and neonatal whole blood when used within 30 minutes after collection. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ Ketone Monitoring System is intended for testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of a diabetes control program. This system should only be used with single-use, auto-disabling lancing devices.

The system should not be used for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes.

The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta \cdot$ Ketone Meter to quantitatively measure glucose (sugar) in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and from venous, arterial and neonatal whole blood. The Freestyle Precision Pro Blood $\beta$ Ketone Test Strips are for use with the Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta \cdot$ Ketone Meter to quantitatively measure $\beta \cdot$ -ketone in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and from venous, arterial and neonatal whole blood.

Freestyle Precision Pro Blood Glucose and $\beta$ -Ketone Monitoring System enables automatic transmission of stored data to a data management system using the docking station (optional), a data upload cable (optional), or wirelessly (optional) in a WiFi enabled facility when the meter and data management systems are properly configured.

And/Or

Prescription Use __X (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart D)

Over the Counter Use X. (21 CFR Part 801 Subpart C)