# 510(k) Summary Liquichek Pediatric Control

# k130963

# 1.0 Submitter

Bio-Rad Laboratories 9500 Jeronimo Road, Irvine, California 92618-2017 Telephone: (949) 598-1200 Fax: (949) 598-1557

# Contact Person

Suzanne Parsons Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (949) 598-1467

# Date of Summary Preparation

April 2, 2013

# 2.0 Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Common Name: Classifications: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Liquichek Pediatric Control   
Multi-Analyte Controls, All Kinds (Assayed)   
Class I, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# 3.0 Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

Liquichek Pediatric Control Bio-Rad Laboratories Irvine, California

510 (k) Number: K872227

# 4.0 Description of Device

Liquichek Pediatric Control is prepared from bovine serum with added chemicals, therapeutic drugs, preservatives and stabilizers. The control is provided in liquid form for convenience.

# 5.0 Value Assignment

The mean values and the corresponding $\pm 3 5 0$ ranges printed in this insert were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for this lot of product. The tests listed were performed by the manufacturer and/or independent laboratories using manufacturer supported reagents and a representative sampling of this lot of product. It is recommended that each laboratory establish its own acceptable ranges and use those provided only as guides. Laboratory established ranges may vary from those listed during the life of this control. Variations over time and between laboratories may be caused by differences in laboratory technique, instrumentation and reagents, or by manufacturer test method modifications.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Liquichek Pediatric Control is intended for use as an assayed quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# 7.0 Comparison of the new device with the Predicate Device

Liquichek Pediatric Control claims substantial equivalence to the Liquichek Pediatric Control currently in commercial distribution (K872227). Table 1 (below) contains comparison information of similarities and differences between the new and predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed.

Table 1: Similarities and Differences Between the New and Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Pediatic Control(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek Pediatric Control(Predicate Device, K872227)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This product is intended for use as anassayed quality control serum to monitor theprecision of laboratory testing procedures forthe analytes listed in the package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This product is intended for use as anassayed quality control serum to monitor theprecision of laboratory testing proceduresfor the analytes listed in the package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thawed &amp; OpenedStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2 to 8°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 days at 2 to 8°</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fill Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thawed andUnopened Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45 days at 2 to 8°C or on-boardDimension Vista at 2 to 8°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 months at 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage Unopened(Shelf life)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At -20 to -50°C until the expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>At -20 to -70°C until the expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:Bilirubin, DirectBilirubin, TotalCaffeineCalciumChlorideGlucoseMagnesiumPotassiumSodiumTheophyllineDoes not contain:Bilirubin, IndirectBilirubin, NeonatalPhenylalanine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contains:Bilirubin, DirectBilirubin, IndirectBilirubin, NeonatalBilirubin, TotalCaffeineCalciumChlorideGlucoseMagnesiumPhenylalaninePotassiumSodiumTheophylline</td></tr></table>

# 8.0 Statement of Supporting Data

Real-time stability studies were conducted to establish the thawed stability claims (opened-vial and unopened-vial). Accelerated stability studies were conducted to establish the shelf-life claims at -20 to $\tt { - 5 0 ^ { \circ } C }$ .Product claims are as follows:

Thawed and Opened Stability: 14 days at 2 to ${ \mathfrak { s } } ^ { \circ } { \mathsf { C } }$ EPY Thawed and Unopened Stability: 45 days at 2 to ${ \mathfrak { z } } { \mathfrak { c } }$ Shelf Life Stability: 3 years at -20 to $\mathtt { - 5 0 ^ { \circ } C }$

# 9.0 Conclusion

Based on the performance characteristics indicated above, the Bio-Rad Liquichek Pediatric Control is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, K872227.

All supporting data are retained on file at Bio-Rad Laboratories.

Bio-Rad Laboratories C/O Ms. Suzanne Parsons 9500 Jeronimo Road IRVINE CA 92618

Re: K130963 Trade/Device Name: Liquichek Pediatric Control Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: April 02, 2013 Received: April 08, 2013

Dear Ms. Parsons:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k130963

Device Name: Liquichek Pediatric Control

Liquichek Pediatric Control is intended for use as a quality control serum to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in this package insert.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)