510(k) SUMMARY A summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.   

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Submitter Information</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Address</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 Indigo Creek DriveRochester, New York 14626</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phone number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(585) 453-3962</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fax number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(585) 453-3368</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Establishment RegistrationNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1319809</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name of contact person</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gaozhen Hang</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Date prepared</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">February 8, 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Name of device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade or proprietary name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">VITROS Chemistry Products TRIG Slides</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common or usual name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lipase Hydrolysis/Glycerol Kinase Enzyme,Triglycerides</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triglyceride test system</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clinical Chemistry</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.1705</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code(s)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CDT</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Legally marketed device(s)to which equivalence isclaimed</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITROS Chemistry Products TRIG Slides(modified) are substantially equivalent to the VITROSChemistry Products TRIG Slides (current). The FDAcleared the VITROS Chemistry Products TRIG Slideson August 3, 1981 (k812029).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reason for 510(k)submission</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Special 510(k) for a modification to own device which doesnot include a change in intended use or fundamentaltechnology. The biological source of lipase, one of thereactive ingredients used in VITROS Chemistry ProductsTRIG Slides, is being changing from the fungi Candidarugosa to the microorganism Pseudomonas. It enhancessupply chain continuity. NOTE: The exact material (activeingredients-Lipase) has been used on this device type, so, perguidance, a special 510(k) can be used. The source of theactive ingredient (Lipase, E.C. 3.1.1.3) changed from a fromCandia rugosa to Pseudomonas; however, the lipase is thesame material, has the same E.C. number, and has the samefunction as the lipase used in the current VITROS TRIGSlides for over 31 years.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The VITROS TRIG assay is performed using the VITROSChemistry Products TRIG Slides and the VITROS ChemistryProducts Calibrator Kit 2 on the VITROS Chemistry SystemsThe VITROS TRIG Slide is a multi-layered, analyticalelement coated on a polyester support. The method is basedon an enzymatic detection. All reactions necessary for asingle quantitative measurement of triglyceride take placewithin the multi-layered analytical element of a VITROSChemistry Products TRIG Slide. A drop of sample fluid ismetered onto the slide and a reaction occurs which ultimatelyresults in the oxidation of a leuco dye by hydroger' peroxide.The concentration of triglyceride in the sample is determinedby measuring the absorbance of the dye by reflectancespectrophotometry.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use of thedevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry ProductsTRIG Slides quantitatively measure triglyceride (TRIG)concentration in serum and plasma using VITROS® Systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry ProductsTRIG Slides quantitatively measure triglyceride (TRIG)concentration in serum and plasma using VITROS® Systems.Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis andtreatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liverobstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism, orvarious endocrine disorders.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary of the technological characteristics of the device compared to thepredicate device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device [VITROSTRIG Slide (Modified)]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate [VITROS TRIGSlide (Current) [k812029]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic useonly.VITROS Chemistry ProductsTRIG Slides quantitativelymeasure triglyceride (TRIG)concentration in serum andplasma using VITROS250/350/950/5, 1 FS and 4600Chemistry Systems and theVITROS 5600 IntegratedSystem.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basic Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic Endpoint test typeutilizing reflectancespectrophotometry</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentrations ofVITROS TRIG SlideReactive Ingredients percm-squared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipase (Pseudomonas E.C.3.1.1.3) 0.08 U</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipase (Candida rugosa E.C.3.1.1.3) 0.15 U</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Peroxidase (horseradish rootE.C.1.11.1.7) 0.52 U; glycerolkinase (Cellulomonas sp.,E.C.2.7.1.30) 0.35 U; L-α-glycerophosphate oxidase(Pediococcus sp., E.C.1.1.3.-)0.19 U; Triton X-100 0.62 mg;2-(3,5-dimethoxy-4-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-bis(4-dimenthylaminophenyl)imidazole (leuco dye) 0.04 mg;and adenosine triphosphate0.14 mg.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, plasma</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Range Serum,Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0-525.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Incubation time andtemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No Change</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes at 37°C</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Summary of design control activities conducted in relation to the device modification The Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. procedure for risk management is based on ISO</td></tr><tr><td>14971, Medical Devices  Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices and references CDRH Medical Device Use-Safety: Incorporating Human Factors Engineering into Risk Management. The risk analysis method used to assess the impact of the device modification was a Hazard Analysis. The following performance characteristics: accuracy, precision, linearity, potential interferents, long term and on-analyzer stability, limit of detection and specimen type were considered for potential hazards. Validation and verification</td></tr><tr><td>testing were conducted and the modified device met the pre-determined acceptance criteria for all the performance testing. The modification does not negatively impact the performance of the device or the safety and effectiveness of the device.</td></tr><tr><td>CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM NON-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL DATA The information presented in the premarket notification provides a reasonable assurance that the VITROS Chemistry Products TRIG Slides (modified) for use with human serum and plasma is substantially equivalent to the predicate (unmodified VITROS</td></tr></table>

# May 31, 2013

Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. C/O Gaozhen Hang 100 Indigo Creek Drive ROCHESTER NY 14626-5101

Re: K130332 Trade/Device Name: VITROS Chemistry Products TRIG Slide Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1705 Regulation Name: Triglyceride test system Regulatory Class: I, meets limitations of exemption per 21 CFR 862.9(c)(4) Product Code: CDT Dated: May 06, 2013 Received: May 09, 2013

Dear Gaozhen Hang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.Please-note:CDRH-does-not-evaluate-information-related-to-contract-liabilitywarranties."We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be Cod  Fedral Regulatis, T  00  ditio, Fy publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director,   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# Page 1 of 1

510(k) Number (if known):

Device Name:

# VITROS® Chemistry Products TRIG Slide

# Indications for Use:

Indications for Use:

For in vitro diagnostic use only. VITROS Chemistry Products TRIG Slides quantitatively measure triglyceride (TRIG) concentration in serum and plasma using VITROS $\mathfrak { Q }$ Systems. Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with diabetes mellitus, nephrosis, liver obstruction, other diseases involving lipid metabolism, or various endocrine disorders.

# Ruth A. Chesler-S

510(k) k130332