# SUBMITTED BY:

Kelly R. Sauer   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 351-5884   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: kelly.sauer@diasorin.com

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® TSH LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1 LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3

Common Names/Descriptions: Thyroid stimulating hormone

Classification Names:

Thyroid stimulating hormone test system: Class II 21 CFR 862.1690; Clinical Chemistry (75) Quality Control Material: Class I, reserved 21 CFR 862.1660; Clinical Chemistry (75)

Product Code:

JLW, JJX

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

Roche Elecsys® TSH Assay Reference K961491 (Assay) Elecsys® PreciControl Universal Reference K090541 (Controls)

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

# INTENDED USE:

TheDiaSori LIAISON® TSH assay i an nvitchemilminescn muoassay quantitative determination of thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), also known as the LIAISON® xL Analyzer. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by theanter pituitaryusnhenoyrid pititay ios.

The DiaSorin LIAISO® Control Thyroid , LIAISON® Control Thyroid  and LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3 are intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the racy   S AIS

# KIT DESCRIPTION:

The method for the quantitative determination of TSH is a sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay. A specific mouse monoclonal antibody is coated on the magnetic particles (solid phase); another monoclonal antibody is linked to an isoluminol derivative isoluminol-antibody conjugate).All assay steps and incubations are performed by the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

Results are determined by a 2 point calibration conversion of the master curve to a working curve. The light signal, and hence the amount o isoluminol-antibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU) and is inversely related to TSH concentration present in calibrators, patient samples or controls.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

TheDaSon LAT assy s substantially equivalent npricip poan to he Roch Elecsys® TSH Test (96141) which was A clead July 2, 96. The DiaSorin LIAISON® Control Thyroid , LIAISON® Control 2 and PreciControl Universal (K090541).

Table 1: Table of Assay Similarities and Differences   
Section 5   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® TSH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceRoche Elecsys® TSH (K961491)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DiaSorin LIAISON® TSHassay is a chemiluminescentimmunoassay (CLIA)intended for the quantitativedetermination of thyroidstimulating hormone (TSH),also known thyrotropin andthyrotropic hormone inhuman serum. The test mustbe performed on theLIAISON® XL Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in vitroquantitative determination ofthyrotropin in human serum andplasma. TheelectrochemiluminescenceImmunoassay "ECLIA" is intended foruse on Elecsys and cobas eimmunoassay analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurements of TSHproduced by the anteriorpituitary are used in thediagnosis of thyroid orpituitary disorders.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thyroid stimulating hormonealso known as thyrotropinand thyrotropic hormone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ChemiluminescentImmunoassaySandwich principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectrochemiluminescentimmunoassaySandwich principle</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point verification ofstored master curve.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standarization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2nd IRP WHO ReferenceStandard 80/558</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent IntegralStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board or in refrigerator@2-8C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling/Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugate Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal anti-TSH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mIU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">μlU/mL or mIU/L (selectable)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reference range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum - 0.357 - 4.789 mlU/L</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum - 0.270 - 4.20 μlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range :0.02 to 90 mlU/L.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportable Range :0.010 - 100 μlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.μL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay time to firstresult</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17 minutes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 minutes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open storage2-8C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open storageon analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration is required every4 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A calibration is required after 1 monthwhen using the same reagent lot,after 7 days when using the samereagent lot on the analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels - Included in integral</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels - Not included with kit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality ControlsRecommended</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2: Table of Control Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® Control Thyroid 1LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceElecsys® PreciControlUniversal (K090541)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for use as assayedquality control samples tomonitor the accuracy andprecision of the DiaSorinLIAISON® TSH assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended for use as qualitycontrol of Elecsys®immunoassays on the Elecsys®and Cobas® e immunoassayanalyzers</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unopened store at 2-8° C untilexpiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three concentrations :Low, medium, high</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two concentrations :Low and high</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Format</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 vials x 5.0 mL each levelEach level provided separately</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 vials x 3.0 ml each level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Handling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitue with 5.0 mLdistilled waterand allow to stand15 minutesbefore use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstitute with 3.0 mLdistilled waterand allow to stand 30 minutesbefore use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstituted :48 hours at 2-8° CFor longer storage periods,frozen to -20 °</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reconstituted :On analyzer at 20-25° C up to 5hrs ; 3 days at 2-8° C;-20° C for up to 1 month</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA for the TSH Assay:

# Method Comparison:

One hundred eighty-one (181) samples were tested by the LIAISON® TSH assay and a commercially available immunoassay. The method comparison study was performed according to CLSI EP9-A2 guideline. The samples ranged in concentration from 0.0257 to 89.56 mlU/L.

# Results:

Passing & Bablok regression analysis was performed on the results across the range of LIAISON® T y ei f $y = 1 . 0 0 5 x { - 0 . 0 0 3 0 }$ $R ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 7 4 8$ The $9 5 \%$ confidence interval for slope is 0.988 to 1.026 and 95 % confidence interval for the intercept is -0.0873 to 0.0411 mlU/L.

# Reference Range/Expected Values:

Human serum samples from 130 apparently healthy test subjects were tested to m   ang

<table><tr><td>Apparently Healthy Test Subjects Serum (130)</td><td>Median 1.438 mlU/L</td><td>Observed 95% Normal Range 0.357 - 4.789 mlU/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Consider these limits as guidelines only. Each laboratory should establish its own reference range</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility/Precision:

A twenty day precision study was performed at DiaSorin Inc.. A coded panel comprised of6 frozen serum samples was prepared.The coded panel contained 2 of each level of low, medium and high samples which span the measuring range of the assay. The LIAiSON® Control Thyroid (3 levels) were also tested in the study. The CLSl document EP5-A2 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

The precision panel samples and kit controls were tested on two lotsof LIAISoN® TSH assay in two replicates per run, 2 runs per day for 20 operating days for a total of 160 replicate results per sample.

The mean, standard deviation, and coefficient of variation (%CV) of the results were computed for each of the tested specimens.

# Results:

The 20 day results are summarized in Table 1 as sample overall mean TSH concentration in mIU/L, computed SDs and $\% C V s$ for within un and total across lots.

Table 1: DiaSorin Inc.— 20 day Precision Study   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MeanmIU/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>BetweenLot / Within-Site</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalAcross Lots /Within Sites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6401</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KC 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2660</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.702</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td></tr></table>

# Section 5

# Linearity:

Te lineariy or LIAis® TH assay was deteried, basd on guidanc rm CLS Diluent to generate 7 concentrations across the range 0.0150 to 91.3 mlU/L.

Results:

Passing & Bablok regression analysis was performed on the results yielding agreement of $y = 0 . 9 8 0 7 x + 0 . 0 0 1 3$ $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 \dot { 9 } 7$ T nearity was meased on he LIAISON® XL Analyzer and has been demonstrated to be linear from 0.02 mlU/L to 90 mlU/L.

# LoB/LoD/LoQ:

TheLimi Blank, LimDetection nd LimiQuantitation weredetermine atio l l b Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline June 2012- Second Edition.

LoQ is defined as inter-assay precision of < 20% CV. It was calculated by testing six serum specimens at low TSH doses and assayed in 72 determinations on two different kit lots and two different instruments over three days of testing. The mean, standard deviation, and $\% c v$ was then determined for each sample.

# Results:

Limit of Blank: 0.014 mlU/L Limit of Detection: 0.02 mIU/L Limit of Quantitation: 0.02 mIU/L

# Interfering Substances:

Controlled studies of potentially interfering substances and cross reactants showed no ineerenc t te concenration r each substance listed below in the LIAISN® TSH assay. The testing was based on CLSI-EP7-A2. Non-significant interference and crossreactivity is defined as ≤10% difference between tested and control samples.

Potential Interfering Substances   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

Potential Interfering Cross reactants   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luteinizing Hormone (LH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follicle-stimulating hormone(FSH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Growth Hormone(hGH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Chorionic Gonadotropin(hCG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200000 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HAMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1268 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Traceability:   
The DiaSorin LIAISON® TSH assay is traceable to the WHO reference material: 2nd IRP WHO 80/558 standard.

LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2, and LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3

ece Descrithe LIAI® Contol Thyroi   n  are prepar rm human serum at target values of 0.5-0.78 mlU/L, 7.0-9.48 mlU/L and 42.7-57.7 mIU/L.

Stability: The stability of the kit and controls are based on real-time stability study data of one kit lot. Once opened, the kit is stable for 6 weeks at $_ { 2 - 8 \% }$ The sponsor claimed that the kit and calibrators are stable for 6 weeks on-board the LIAISON® XL analyzer and the sponsor requires that it is ·calibrated every 4 weeks. Control Stability: Lyophilized controls are stable until the expiration date shown on the product labeling when stored as instructed. Reconstituted controls are stable for up to 48 hours when stored at ${ 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ For longer storage periods, control aliquots should be frozen to $- 2 0 \circ 0$

3.Value assignment: A minimum of 60 valid test results for each control are used in the range assignment. The LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3 are tested on a minimum of 3 LIAISON® XLAnalyzers, using / different approved LIAiSON® TSH assay kit lots, at a minimal time period of 3 days. The mean value and the standard deviation (std) is calculated from the test results.

The target value of the controls is given by the calculated mean value $+ 1 - 3$ std.

# CONCLUSION:

Thematerial submitted in this premarket notification is complete and supports the basis for substantial euialence  the Roche Elecsys® T (K61491) The labelng is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

April 5, 2013

DiaSorin, Inc   
C/O Kelly R. Sauer   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P. O. Box 285   
STILLWATER MN 55082-0285

Re: K130469 Trade/Device Name: LIAISON $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ TSH LIAISON $\otimes$ Control Thyroid 1 LIAISON $\otimes$ Control Thyroid 2 LIAISON $\otimes$ Control Thyroid 3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1690 Regulation Name: Thyroid stimulating hormone test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JLW, JJX Dated: February 22, 2013 Received: March 1, 2013

Dear Kelly Sauer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be foud in he Code  Federal Regulations, Tite, Part 800 to 8 In aition, FDAmy publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# . Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k130469

Device Name:

LIAISON TSH LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1 LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3

Indications for Use:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® TSH assay is an in vitro chemiluminescent immunoassay intended for the quantitative determination of thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), also known as thyrotropin and thyrotropic hormone, in human serum. The test has to be performed on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer. Measurements of thyroid stimulating hormone produced by the anterior pituitary are used in the diagnosis of thyroid or pituitary disorders.

The DiaSorin LIAISON® Control Thyroid 1, LIAISON® Control Thyroid 2 and LIAISON® Control Thyroid 3 are intended for use as assayed quality control samples to monitor the accuracy and precision of the DiaSorin LIAISON® TSH assay.