# 510(k) Summary (Summary of Safety and Effectiveness)

This sumary  the 0(k) safty and efectiveness inormation is beig submit in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# Applicant Name

Judith Wallach, ADD, Regulatory Affairs Project Manager   
Abbott Laboratories Diagnostics Division   
Dept. 9V6, AP8   
100 Abbott Park Road   
Abbott Park, IL 60064   
Telephone Number: (847) 937-1132   
Fax Number: (847) 937-4836   
E-Mail: judith.r.wallach@abbott.com   
Date Summary prepared: January 31, 2013 Revised February 25, 2014   
Grace LeMieux, ADD, Regulatory Affairs Director   
Phone (847) 935-0409   
Fax (847) 937-4836   
E-mail grace.lemieux@abbott.com

# Device Name

Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ E Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ Calibrators Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathbf { l c } }$ Controls

Reagents   
Classification Name: Assay, Glycosylated Hemoglobin   
Regulation Description: Glycosylated hemoglobin assay   
Trade Name: Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$   
Common Name: $\mathsf { H b A } _ { \mathsf { l c } }$   
Governing Regulation: 862.1373   
Device Classification: Class II   
Product Code: PDJ, LCP   
Panel Classification: Chemistry

# Calibrators

Classification Name: Calibrator, Secondary   
Regulation Description: Calibrator   
Trade Name: Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathbf { c } }$ Calibrators (1 and 2)   
Common Name: Calibrator   
Governing Regulation: 862.1150   
Device Classification: Class II   
Product Code: JIT   
Panel Classification: Clinical Chemistry   
Controls   
Classification Name: Single (Specified) Analyte Controls (assayed and unassayed)   
Regulation Description: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed)   
Trade Name: Hemoglobin $A _ { l c }$ Controls (Low and High)   
Common Name: Control   
Governing Regulation: 862.1660   
Device Classification: Class II   
Product Code: JJX   
Panel Classification: Clinical Chemistry

# Predicate Device

Reagents COBAS INTEGRA 800 Tina-quant HbA1cDx Gen.2 assay (k121291)

Calibrators Roche C.f.a.s. (Calibrator for Automated Systems) HbA1c (k052101)

Controls Roche PreciControl HbA1c norm and PreciControl HbAlc path (k103099)

# Description of Device

Reagents The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Reagent Kit contains:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Bottles x Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 1 (R1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 52 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent 2 (R2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 20 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diluent (AlcDIL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 x 35 mL</td></tr></table>

Estimated tests per kit: 300 Calculation is based on the minimum fill volume per kit.

<table><tr><td>Reagent</td><td>Reactive Ingredients</td><td>Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Reagent 1</td><td>10-(carboxymethylaminocarbonyl)- 3,7-bis(dimethylamino) phenothiazine sodium salt</td><td>0.000817%</td></tr><tr><td>Protease (Bacterial)</td><td>&lt; 1 mU/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Reagent 2</td><td>Peroxidase (Horseradish)</td><td>5 to 15 kU/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Fructosyl-peptide-oxidase (E. coli, recombinant)</td><td>300 to 900 U/dL</td></tr><tr><td>Diluent</td><td>Sodium nitrite</td><td>&gt; 0.05 to &lt; 0.3%</td></tr></table>

Inactive Ingredients: Reagent 1 contains sodium azide as a stabilizer and preservative. Reagent 1 and Diluent contain ProClin 300 as a preservative. Reagent 2 contains ofloxacin as a preservative.

# Calibrators

The Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ Calibrator Kit contains:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Bottles x Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1 (Cal 1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.6 mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 2 (Cal 2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1.6 mL*</td></tr></table>

\* Volume after reconstitution

Alc Calibrators (lyophilized) contain hemoglobin and glycated hemoglobin from human whole blood. Prior to lyophilization, the calibrator matrix is an MESbuffered solution. Preservative: Ofloxacin.

The value-assigned A lc Calibrator values are within the following hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ ranges:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Ac Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59% to 6.02% HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.52% to 13.37% HbAIc</td></tr></table>

Acual analye nerations or ach lotcaliators are liste in e Hemoglobin Alc Calibrator Value Sheet, packaged with the calibrator.

Each lot of calibrators is value-assigned. The concentration of glycated hemoglobin $\left( \mathsf { H b A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } } \right)$ and total hemoglobin (THb) is provided for each lot. Calibrators are prepared gravimetrically, lyophilized, and then value assigned using secondary calibrators that are traceable to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine (IFCC) reference method.

# Controls

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l e } }$ Control Kit contains:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Component</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of Bottles x Volume</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control (Control L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x l mL*</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control (Control H)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 x 1 mL*</td></tr></table>

\* Volume after reconstitution

Alc Controls (lyophilized) contain hemoglobin and glycated hemoglobin from human whole blood. Prior to lyophilization, the control matrix is an MES-buffered solution. Preservative: Ofloxacin.

The value-assigned Alc Control values are within the following hemoglobin A1c ranges:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Ac Ranges</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59% to 6.02% HbA1c</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.42% to 11.07% HbAlc</td></tr></table>

Actual analyte concentration ranges for each lot of controls is listed in the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Control Value Sheet, packaged with the controls.

Each lot of controls is value-assigned. The glycated hemoglobin value in National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program (NGSP) units (%HbAic) and in International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine (IFCC) units (mmol/mol HbAjc) are provided for each lot. Controls are prepared gravimetrically, lyophilized, and then value assigned using secondary calibrators that are traceable to the IFCC reference method.

# Principles of the Procedure

The Hemoglobin A1c assay consists of two separate concentration measurements: glycated hemoglobin (HbAic) and total hemoglobin (THb). The two concentrations are used to determine the percent HbAlc (NGSP units) or the hemoglobin fraction in mmol/mol (IFCC units).

The individual concentration values of HbA1c and THb generated by the Hemoglobin A c assay are used only for calculating the percent hemoglobin Alc or HbAic fraction, and must not be used individually for diagnostic purposes.

The anticoagulated whole blood specimen is lysed automatically on the system for the Whole Blood application or may be lysed manually using the Hemoglobin Aic Diluent (A1cDIL) for the Hemolysate application.

Glycated Hemoglobin $\langle H b A _ { I c } \rangle$

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ assay utilizes an enzymaticmethod that specificallymeasures

$N -$ alyie $\beta$ chain of ${ \mathsf { H b A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ .

In the pretreatment process, the erythrocytes are lysed and the hemoglobin is transformed to methemoglobin by reaction with sodium nitrite. With the addition of Reagent 1 (R1) to the sample, the glycosylated $N .$ -terminal dipeptide (fructosyl-VH) of the $\beta$ -chain of hemoglobin is cleaved by the action of protease. The hemoglobin is transformed to stable methemoglobin azide by the action of sodium azide and the concentration of the hemoglobin is determined by measuring absorbance. AitionReagent 2 (R2) starts a reaction and fructosyl peptie oxidase (FPX) is allowed to react with fructosyl-VH. The ${ \mathsf { H b A } } _ { 1 { \mathsf { c } } }$ concentration is measured by determining the resultant hydrogen peroxide.

Total Hemoglobin (THb)

The hemoglobin is oxidized to stable methemoglobin azide by the action of sodium nitrite and sodium azide and the concentration of the hemoglobin is determined by measuring absorbançe (sample $+ \textsf { R } [$ ).

Hemoglobin $\boldsymbol { A } _ { l c }$ Calculations

The final result is expressed as $\% H _ { b } \mathbf { A } _ { \mathsf { t c } }$ (NGSP) or mmol/mol $\mathsf { H b A } _ { 1 \mathsf { c } }$ (IFCC) and is automatically calculated by the system from the ${ \mathsf { H b A } } _ { \mathrm { i c } } / { \mathrm { T H b } }$ ratio as follows:

mmol/mol HbAic IFCC: $\mathsf { H b A } _ { \mathsf { I c } } \left( \mathsf { m m o l } / \mathsf { m o l } \right) = ( \mathsf { H b A } _ { \mathsf { I c } } / \mathsf { T H b } ) \times 1 0 0 0$ $\mathbf { \boldsymbol { \mathsf { P } } _ { \overline { { o } } } \mathbf { \hat { H } } b \mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathbf { \hat { c } } } }$ DCCT/NGSP: $\mathrm { H b A _ { 1 c } ( ^ { 9 } \% ) } = \mathrm { \vert F C C \times 0 . 0 9 \vert } 4 8 + 2 . 1 5 2$

Methodology: Enzymatic

# Intended Use of Device

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ assay is used in clinical laboratories for the quantitative in vitro measurement of percent hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ (NGSP) or $\mathsf { H b A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ fraction mmol/mol (IFCC) in human whole blood and hemolysate on the ARCHITECT $^ c$ 8000 System.

Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { i c } }$ measurements are used as an aid in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus, as an aid to identify patients who may be at risk for developing diabetes mellitus, and for the monitoring of long-term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus.

The Hemoglobin Alc Calibrators are for use in the calibration of the Hemoglobin Alc assay on the ARCHITECT $c$ 8000 System.

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Controls are used for the estimation of test precision and the detection of systematic analytical deviations of the Hemoglobin Alc assay on the ARCHITECT $\pmb { c }$ 8000 System. .

WARNING: The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ assay has significant interference with the fetal hemoglobin (HbF). Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ results are invalid for patients with abnormal amounts of HbF, including those with known Hereditary Persistence of Fetal Hemoglobin.

# Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathfrak { t c } }$ assay (candidate assay) utilizes an enzymatic methodology for the quantitative in vitro measurement of percent hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ or $\mathbf { H b A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ fraction and is intended for use on the ARCHITECT $c$ 8000 System. The COBAS INTEGRA 800 Tina-quant HbA 1cDx Gen.2 assay is an in vitro diagnostics reagent system intended for quantitative determination of mmol/mol hemoglobin A1c (IFCC) and % hemoglobin Alc (DCCT/NGSP) in hemolysate or whole blood on the Roche COBAS INTEGRA 800 clinical chemistry analyzer.

The following table provides the similarities and differences between the candidate assay and the predicate assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ReagentSimilarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission DeviceHemoglobin Ac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCOBAS INTEGRA 800 Tina-quant HbA1cDxGen.2 (k121291)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Useand Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the quantitative in vitro measurement ofpercent hemoglobin Ajc (NGSP) or HbAjcfraction mmol/mol (IFCC) in human wholeblood and hemolysate on the ARCHITECT c8000 System.Hemoglobin Ajc measurements are used asan aid in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,as an aid to identify patients who may be atrisk for developing diabetes mellitus, and forthe monitoring of long-term blood glucosecontrol in individuals with diabetes mellitus.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This test is to be used as an aid in diagnosis ofdiabetes and as an aid in identifying patients whomay be at risk for developing diabetes. TheCOBAS INTEGRA 800 Tina-quant HbA 1cDxGen.2 assay is an in vitro diagnostics reagentsystem intended for quantitative determinationof mmol/mol hemoglobin A1c (IFCC) and %hemoglobin A1c (DCCT/NGSP) in hemolysateor whole blood on the Roche COBASINTEGRA 800 clinical chemistry analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARCHITECT c 8000 System(clinical chemistry analyzer)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche COBAS INTEGRA 800(clinical chemistry analyzer)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzymatic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood and Hemolysate:Dipotassium EDTALithium HeparinSodium HeparinSodium Fluoride/Disodium EDTATripotassium EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Whole blood and Hemolysate:Li-HeparinK2-EDTAK3-EDTAKF/Na2-EDTANa-HeparinNaF/K-oxalateNaF/Na2-EDTA</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>ReagentSimilarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>. Submission DeviceHemoglobin Ac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCOBAS INTEGRA 800 Tina-quant HbA1cDxGen.2 (k121291)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>ExpectedValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>For monitoring diabetic patients, it isrecommended that glycemic goals areindividualized following current professionalsociety recommendations. The AmericanDiabetes Association (ADA)recommendations are summarized in thefollowing table.</td><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>Protocol 1 (acc. to IFCC): 20-42 mmol/molHbAlcProtocol 2 (acc. to DCCT/NGSP): 4.0-6.0 %HbAlcHbA 1c levels higher than the upper end of thisreference range are an indication ofhyperglycemia during the preceding 2 to 3months or longer. According to therecommendations of the American DiabetesAssociation values above 48 mmol/mol HbA1c(IFCC) or 6.5 % HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP) aresuitable for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.Patients with HbA lc values in the range of 39-46 mmol/mol HbA1c (IFCC) or 5.7-6.4 %HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP) may be at a risk ofdeveloping diabetes.HbA1c levels may reach 195 mmol/mol (IFCC)or 20 % (DCCT/NGSP) or higher in poorlycontrolled diabetes. Therapeutic action issuggested at levels above 64 mmol/mol HbA1c(IFCC) or 8 % HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP). Diabetespatients with HbA1c levels below 53 mmol/molHbA1c (IFCC) or 7 % HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP)meet the goal of the American DiabetesAssociation.HbA lc levels below the established referencerange may indicate recent episodes ofhypoglycemia, the presence of Hb variants, orshortened lifetime of erythrocytes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA1c Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glycemic Goal</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 8 %HbA|c(64 mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less Stringent</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 7 %HbAIc(53 mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General (Non-Pregnant Adults)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 6.5 %HbAc(48 mmol/mol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>More stringent</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>HbAtc values above 6.5 %HbA1c (48mmol/mol) are an indication ofhyperglycemia during the preceding 2 to 3months or longer. According to therecommendations of the ADA, HbAlcvalues above 6.5 %HbA1c (48 mmol/mol)are suitable for the diagnosis of diabetesmellitus. Patients with HbAc values in therange of 5.7 - 6.4 %HbA1c (39 - 46mmol/mol) may be at a risk of developingdiabetes.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasuringInterval</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>4.0 to 14.0 %HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP)20.22 to 129.51 mmol/mol HbA1c (IFCC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2 to 20.1% HbA1c (DCCT/NGSP)23 to 196 mmol/mol HbA1c (IFCC)</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>CalibratorSimilarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission DeviceHemoglobin Ac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceRoche C.f.a.s. HbA1c (k052101)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in the calibration of the HemoglobinAlc assay on the ARCHITECT c 8000System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C.f.a.s. (Calibrator for automated systems)HbA I c is for use in the calibration ofquantitative Roche methods on Roche clinicalchemistry analyzers as specified in the enclosedvalue sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels (Calibrator 1 and 2)Each lot of calibrators is value-assigned andvalues are reported in both NGSP and IFCCunits. Actual analyte concentrations for eachlot of calibrators are listed in the HemoglobinAlc Calibrator Value Sheet, packaged withthe calibrator. The concentration of glycatedhemoglobin (HbAic) and total hemoglobin(THb) is provided for each lot.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 levelThe C.f.a.s. HbAlc calibrator is automaticallydiluted by the system.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization/Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators are prepared gravimetrically,lyophilized, and then value assigned usingsecondary calibrators that are traceable to theInternational Federation of Clinical Chemistryand Laboratory Medicine (IFCC) referencemethod.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>This method has been standardized against theapproved IFCC reference method for themeasurement of HbA 1c in human blood and canbe transferred to results traceable to DCCT/NGSPby calculation.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>ControlSimilarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Submission DeviceHemoglobin Ac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceRoche PreciControl HbAlc norm andPreciControl HbA1c path (k103099)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the estimation of test precision andthe detection of systematic analyticaldeviations of the Hemoglobin Ac assayon the ARCHITECT c 8000 System.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in quality control by monitoring accuracy andprecision for the qualitative methods as specified inthe value sheets.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels (Low and High Control)LyophilizedAssignment of values is specific foreach lot.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl HbA lc norm: 1 levelPreciControl HbA lc path:1 levelAssignment of values is specific for each lot.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Material</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls are prepared usinghemoglobin and glycated hemoglobinfrom human whole blood. Prior tolyophilization, the matrix used is MESbuffered solution.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PreciControl HbA Ic norm is a liquid control based onhemolyzed human blood. The adjusted concentrationsof the control components are usually in the normalrange or at the normal/pathological threshold.PreciControl HbA Ic path is a lyophilized controlbased on hemolyzed sheep blood. The adjustedconcentrations of the control components are usuallyin the pathological range.</td></tr></table>

# 7Summary of Nonclinical Performance

Within-Laboratory Precision (20-Day)

A 20-day precision study was conducted to evaluate the precision performance of the Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ assay based on guidance from the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP5-A2.

Testing was performed using 3 lots of Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Reagents, 3 lots of Hemoglobin $\boldsymbol { \mathsf { A } } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ Calibrators, 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ Controls (Low and High), and 1 lot of commercially available controls (Control Levels 1, 2, and 3) on 3 ARCHITECT $^ { c }$ 8000 instruments. The calibration curve generated for each reagent lot was stored on each instrument for the duration of the study. Three levels each of human whole blood controls and human whole blood panels were tested a minimum of 2 replicates, twice per day (separated by a minimum of 2 hours), for a total of 20 testing days. The results for all replicates were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

NGSP:

The total imprecision (within-run, between-run, and between-day) by instrument system and reagent lot was as follows for each application:

# Whole Blood

0.02 to 0.03 SD for Control Level 1   
0.3 to $0 . 5 \% \mathrm { C V }$ for Control Level 2   
0.4 to $0 . 6 \% C V$ for Control Level 3   
0.02 SD for the panel targeted near $4 . 0 \% \mathrm { H b A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$   
0.3 to 0.5 %CV for the panel with a target range of 6.0  7.0 %HbA1c   
0.3 to 0.5 %CV for the panel with a target range of 8.0 - 10.0 %HbA1c

# Hemolysate

0.01 to 0.02 SD for the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Low Control 0.3 to $0 . 5 \% \mathrm { C V }$ for the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathbf { l c } }$ High Control 0.3 to $0 . 8 \% C V$ for Control Level 3 0.02 to 0.03 SD for the panel targeted near $4 . 0 \% \mathrm { H b A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ EPY 0.3 to 0.5 %CV for the panel with a target range of 6.0 - 7.0 %HbA1c • 0.3 to 0.5 %CV for the panel with a target range of 8.0 - 10.0 %HbA1c

# Limit of Blank (LoB) and Detection (LoD)

A Limit of Blank (LoB)Limit of Detection (LoD) study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP17-A.

The zero-level samples were tested in a minimum of 3 replicates and the low-level samples were tested in a minimum of 2 replicates. Five separate runs were performed over a minimum of three days using 2 lots of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ Reagents, 2 lots of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Calibrators, and I lot of commercially available controls on 2 ARCHITECT $c 8 0 0 0$ instruments. Each reagent and calibrator lot was tested on each instrument.

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ LoB result is $2 . 5 1 \ \% \mathrm { H } \mathbf { b } \mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ (3.89 mmol/mol) and LoD result is $2 . 5 2 \% \mathrm { H b A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ (4.05 mmol/mol).

# Interferences: Endogenous Substances

A study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP7-A2. Interference effects were assessed by comparing test samples containing potentially interfering endogenous substances to reference samples.

The tet and reference samples were tested in a minimum of 12 replicates using 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { \mathsf { I c } }$ Reagents and Calibrators and 1 lot of commercially available controls on I ARCHITECT c 8000 instrument. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

The Hemoglobin Ac assay had a difference within ± 5% for samples ≥ 5.7 %HbAicThe Hemoglobin Alc assay is not susceptible to interference effects from the following endogenous substances and high test levels:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Endogenous Substance Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Test Level At Which No SignificantInterference Was Observed</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Protein*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>667 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vitamin E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.6 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

\* The total protein concentration of 22 g/dL includes serum protein as well as hemoglobin.

# Interferences: Hemoglobin Variants

A study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP7-A2.

The samples were tested using 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l s } }$ Reagents and Calibrators, 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ Controls (for the hemolysate application), and 1 lot of commercially available controls (for the whole blood application) on 1 ARCHITECT $c 8 0 0 0$ instrument. Interference effects were assessed by comparing the Hemoglobin ${ \bf A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ values to reference/expected values for samples containing potentially interfering hemoglobin variants. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

No significant interference was observed for the HbC, HbD, HbE, HbS, and HbA2 variants at the levels summarized in the tables below (NGSP units).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in % AbnormalVariant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range in %HbAlcConcentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33% - 42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 - 9.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35% - 41%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 - 10.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27% - 32%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0 - 10.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33% - 44%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 - 9.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7% - 8.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7 - 13.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3% - 27.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2 - 9.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Hemoglobin Variant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Relative % Bias from Reference/Expected Concentration</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~ 6.0 %HbAIc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>~ 9.0 %HbAIc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbA2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HbF</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Bias exceeds -5% when the amount of HbF in the sample exceeds5% a</td></tr></table>

a A negative bias with HbF is directly proportional in magnitude to the % HbF present in the sample. NOTE: The presence of multiple variants in a sample may impact the % bias.

For HbF interference, the device has the following prominent boxed warning:

The Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ assay has significant interference with the fetal hemoglobin (HbF). Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { \mathrm { I c } }$ results are invalid for patients with abnormal amounts of HbF, including those with known Hereditary Persistence of Fetal Hemoglobin.

# Interferences: Drugs

A study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP7-A2. Interference effects were assessed by comparing test samples containing potentially interfering drugs to reference samples.

The test and reference samples were tested in a minimum of 12 replicates using 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A _ { i c } }$ Reagents and Calibrators and 1 lot of commercially available controls on 1 ARCHITECT c 8000 instrument. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

The Hemoglobin A1c assay had a difference within ± 5% for samples ≥ 5.7 %HbAic. The Hemoglobin Atc assay is not susceptible to interference effects from the following potentially interfering drugs and high test levels:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Drug Level Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acarbose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 200 μg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 50.8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 600 μg Eq/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Captopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloropropamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 74.7 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyanate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 50 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 6.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gemfibrozil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 7.5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 450 micro units per mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Losartan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 5.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotinic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 61 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propranolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 0.2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Repaglinide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>≤ 60 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# Interferences: Rheumatoid Factor

A study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP7-A2. Intererenc efects were assessed by comparing test samples containing heumatd factor to reference samples.

Each sample was tested in a minimum of 12 replicates using 1 lot of Hemoglobin Alc Reagents and Calibrators and 1 lot of commercially available controls on I ARCHITECT c 8000 instrument. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

The Hemoglobin Aic assay had a difference within ± 5% for samples ≥ 5.7 %HbAic. The Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ assay is not suscptible to inteerence effectsfrom RF less than or equal to $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { I U / m L }$ .

# Interferences: Hemoglobin Derivates

A study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP7-A2. Interference effects were assessed by comparing test samples containing the following concentrations of potentially interfering hemoglobin derivatives to reference samples:

• Acetylated Hemoglobin with $\geq 5 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ of ASA (aspirin) • Carbamlyated Hemoglobin with $\geq 1 0 \ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ of Cyanate Labile Hemoglobin with $\geq 1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / d L } }$ of Glucose

The test and reference samples were tested in a minimum of 12 replicates using 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ Reagents and Calibrators and 1 lot of commercially available controls on 1 ARCHITECT c 8000 instrument. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

The Hemoglobin Aic assay had a difference within ± 5% for samples ≥ 5.7 %HbAic. The Hemoglobin Alc assay is not susceptible to interference effects from acetylated hemoglobin, carbamylated hemoglobin, or labile hemoglobin.

# Matrix Comparison

A matrix comparison study was performed to evaluate the blood collection tube types that are suitable for use with the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathbf { c } }$ assay. Specimens with concentration values spanning the measuring interval of the assay were collected from a minimum of 43 different donors in the control tube type (dipotassium EDTA, plastic) and the blood collection tubes under evaluation. The blood collection tubes collected from one individual constituted one sample set.

Each sample was tested in a minimum of 2 replicates using 1 lot of Hemoglobin Alc Reagents and Calibrators and 1 lot of commercially available controls on 1 ARCHITECT $c 8 0 0 0$ instrument.

The results support the use of the following blood collection tube types with the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 c }$ assay:

Dipotassium EDTA, plastic   
Lithium heparin, plastic   
Sodium heparin, plastic   
Sodium Fluoride/Disodium EDTA, plastic   
Tripotassium EDTA, plastic

# Linearity

A linearity study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP6-A.

Commercially available linearity sets, comprised of Levels 1, 2, 3, and 4, were obtained. Five additional samples were prepared by combining the 4 levels of the coecial vailable nearity t in e rats. The pe wee testi the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ assay. The 9 samples were tested in a minimum of 2 replicates using 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ Reagents and Calibrators and 1 lot of commercially available controls on 1 ARCHITECT $c 8 0 0 0$ instrument. All samples were tested as a set within a single run. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

NGSP:

There was o deviation rom ineariy or smples rnging rom 3 $1 8 . 1 \ \% \mathrm { H b A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ . The linearity regression analysis results in NGSP units are provided in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9782</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

IFCC:

There was no deviation from linearity for samples ranging from 14.48 to 173.79 mmol/mol. The linearity regression analysis results in IFCC units are provided in the table below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>r2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-7.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9847</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison and Predicted Bias

To demonstrate the assay efectiveness as an aid in the diagnosis ofdiabetes meus, to identify patients who may be at risk for developing diabetes mellitus, and for the monitoring of long-term blood glucose control in individuals with diabetes mellitus, a method comparison study was performed using an NGSP secondary reference laboratory method (Tosoh HPLC analyzer) as the comparator (reference) method.

The study was performed based on guidance from the CLSI document EP9-A2-IR. A minimum of 120 human whole blood specimens were evaluated with the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ assay and the reference method.

For the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ assay, the specimens were tested internally in replicates of 2 using 2 lots each of Hemoglobin $A _ { l c }$ Reagents and Calibrators, 1 lot of Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l { c } } }$ Controls (for the hemolysate application), and 1 lot of commercially available controls (for the whole blood application) on 2 ARCHITECT $^ c$ 8000 instruments.

The specimens were also tested with an NGSP secondary reference laboratory method in replicates of 2. The specimens were tested over a minimum of 5 days. The results were reported in both NGSP and IFCC units.

NGSP:

# Method Comparison

For the Hemolysate application, the Deming regression slope was 0.99 and the correlation coefficient (r-value) was 0.995 for samples across the measuring interval when comparing the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ to the reference method. For the Whole Blood application, the Deming regression slope was 1.01 and the correlation coefficient (r-value) was 0.995 for samples across the measuring interval when comparing the Hemoglobin $A _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ to the reference method.

# Predicted Bias

The predicted bias from the regression ranged from $- 2 . 5 \%$ to $- 2 . 7 \%$ for the Hemolysate application and $- 2 . 4 \%$ to $- 3 . 0 \%$ for the Whole Blood application.

ATD Zone

For the Hemolysate application, the percentage of observations in the ATD zone was 100.0 (128/128) and the lower limit of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ CI was $9 7 . 1 \%$ . •For the Whole Blood application, the percentage of observations in the ATD zone was 99.2 (127/128) and the lower limit of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ CI was $9 5 . 7 \%$ .

IFCC:

# Method Comparison

For the Hemolysate application, the regression slope was 0.98 and the correlation coefficient (r-value) was 0.996 for samples across the measuring interval when comparing the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ to the reference method.   
For the Whole Blood application, the regression slope was 0.99 and the correlation coefficient (r-value) was 0.995 for samples across the measuring interval when comparing the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ to the reference method.

Predicted Bias

The predicted bias from the regression ranged from $- 3 . 7 \%$ to $- 4 . 0 \%$ for the Hemolysate application and $- 3 . 7 \%$ to $- 4 . 5 \%$ for the Whole Blood application.

# ATD Zone

•For the Hemolysate application, the percentage of observations in the ATD zone was EPY $9 6 . 1 \%$ (123/128) and the lower limit of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ CI was $9 1 . 2 \%$ . •For the Whole Blood application, the percentage of observations in the ATD zone was 95.3 (122/128) and the lower limit of the two-sided $9 5 \%$ Cl was $9 0 . 2 \%$ .

# Total Error Near the Cutoff

Using the results of bias estimation $\%$ Bias) in the method comparison study and precision estimates in the reproducibility study, the Total Error (TE) at four $\% + H b A _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ levels (approximately $5 . 0 \% , 6 . 5 \% , 8 . 0 \% _ { ; }$ and $1 2 . 0 \%$ was calculated as follows:

$$
\mathrm { \% { T E } = | \% B i a s | + | . 9 6 \times \mathrm { ^ { 9 } o C V } }
$$

The results are presented in the tables below.

$\%$ Total Error Summary - Hemolysate (NGSP)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%HbAlc Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average % Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% TE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td></tr></table>

$\%$ Total Error Summary - Whole Blood (NGSP)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%HbAic Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average % Bias</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% TE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td></tr></table>

# Measuring Interval

The measuring interval of the Hemoglobin $\mathsf { A } _ { \mathsf { l c } }$ assay is 4.0 to $1 4 . 0 \% \mathsf { H b A } _ { 1 \mathrm { c } }$ (20.22 to $1 2 9 . 5 1 \ \mathrm { m m o l / m o l \ H b A _ { 1 c } } )$ . The limits of the measuring interval were demonstrated through the results of the Within-Laboratory Precision, Tube Type, Linearity, and Method Comparison studies.

# Automated Lyse (Whole Blood Application) versus Manual Lyse Methods (Hemolysate Application)

Whole blood specimens are lysed automatically on the ARCHITECT c 8000 instrument with the Whole Blood application or may be lysed manually using the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathsf { I c } }$ Diluent with the Hemolysate application. The performance of the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { 1 \mathfrak { c } }$ automated lyse method versus the manual lyse method was evaluated by testing whole blood specimens using both applications (i.e., Whole Blood and Hemolysate) in the Within-Laboratory Precision and the Method Comparison studies. The results from these studies met the study evaluation criteria and therefore demonstrated acceptable automated and manual lyse methods.

# 8. Conclusion

The data presented in this premarket notification demonstrates that the Hemoglobin Alc assay performs substantially equivalent to the predicate device, the COBAS INTEGRA 800 Tina-quant HbA1cDx Gen.2 assay (k121291). Correlation was demonstrated by comparison to a National Glycohemoglobin Standard Program (NGSP) secondary reference laboratory method.

The data presented in the premarket notification provide reasonable assurance that the Hemoglobin $\mathbf { A } _ { \mathrm { l c } }$ assay is safe and effective for the stated intended use.

ABBOTT LABORATORIES JUDITH WALLACH 100 ABBOTT PARK RD. ABBOTT PARK IL 60064-3502

Re: K130255 Trade/Device Name: Hemoglobin Alc Hemoglobin Alc Calibrators Hemoglobin Alc Controls Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1373 Regulation Name: Hemoglobin Alc Test System Regulatory Class: II Product Code: PDJ, LCP, JIT, JJX Dated: February 20, 2014 Received: February 21, 2014

Dear Ms. Wallach:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, a CosmetiAct (Act) that onot requireapproval  a premarket approval application (MA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.The l onts proisnhcetal sat devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration.Please note:CRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be fod in heCode  FederalRegulatins, Tite , arts 80 to  In dition, FDA y publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (1 Part 8.97.For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) Number (if known) k130255

# Device Name

Hemoglobin Alc / Hemoglobin Alc Calibrators / Hemoglobin Alc Controls

# Indications for Use (Describe)

ThH (NGSP) or HbAIc fract mmol/mol (FCC) in humn whole blood and hemolysate n the ARCHITECT  80System. H

Te H lgC

TH ARCHITECT c 8000 System.