# Section 5. 510(k) Summary

# K130415

# 1 Administrative

Device Information Device Name: Common Name: Product Code: Registration Number: Classification: Classification Panel:

High Metabolite QUALICHECK   
Quality Control   
Jjs   
21 CFR 862.1660   
Class I   
Clinical Chemistry   
Submitter   
Company Name:   
ER Number:   
Address:   
Radiometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3827   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727

Phone: Fax:

# 2 Description of Device

High Metabolite QUALICHECK is a single level quality control system consisting of:

High Metabolite QUALICHECK (S7570)

The system consists of 30 ampoules per box. One ampoule contains 2 mL of solution.

The quality control solution is an aqueous solution containing a biological buffer, salts, metabolites, and a preservative.

# 3 Intended Use

This High Metabolite QuALICHECK solution is an assayed quality control system for evaluating the accuracy and precision of all parameters listed on the insert specifying the control ranges.

Analytes are: $\scriptstyle { p 0 _ { 2 } , }$ ctHb, cGlucose, cLactate

# 4 Substantial Equivalence

The High Metabolite QUALICHECK is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate:

510(k) Number/Device Manufacturer: K980135 QUALICHECK $^ { 5 + }$ , Radiometer Medical ApS

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: QUALICHECK5+ (K980135)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Base matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous solution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood GasMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pO2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OximetryMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctHb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetaboliteMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlucose, cLactate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibleanalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•  ABL520ABL555ABL600/605/610/615/620/625ABL700/705/710/715/720/725/730/735ABL805/810/815/820/825/830/835/ BASICEML105</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: QUALICHECK5+(K980135)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">This High MetaboliteQUALICHECK solution is anassayed quality control systemfor evaluating the accuracy andprecision of all parameterslisted on the insert specifyingthe control ranges.Analytes are: pO2, ctHb,cGlucose, cLactate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.This QUALICHECK5+ solutionis an assayed quality controlsystem for evaluating theaccuracy and precision of allparameters listed on the insertspecifying the control ranges.For professional use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 °C to 8 °C until expirationdate.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 °C to 25 °C until expirationdate, including up to a total of15 days at up to 32 °C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial Claim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Metabolite QUALICHECKsolutions are light and heatsensitive. Avoid storage indirect sunlight. Useimmediately after opening theampoule</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampoules should beconditioned for at least fivehours at a constanttemperature between 18 °and 32 °C before use. Tomaintain the reliability of theblood gas parameters, youmust use the contents of theampoule immediately afteropening and according to theinstructions in the operator'smanual for the relevantanalyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Germall II, Kathon</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProClin 950</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood Gas Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCO not included</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pO2, pCO2 in all four levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oximetry Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SO FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb,FHbf not included</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">sO FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb,FHbf in all four levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrolyte Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electrolyte Measurement notincluded</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cK+cNa+,cCa^{} cCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin Measurement notincluded</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctBil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target ranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target ranges, see Section12.02 Target values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target ranges, see Section12.02 Target values</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatible analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> ABL800ABL817/827/837ABL77.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ABL5ABL500/510ABL505ABL80 - CO-OX SWABL80 - OSM SW</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Differences</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Issue</td><td>SE Device</td><td>Predicate: QUALICHECK5+ (K980135)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>ABL90 Flex •</td></tr></table>

# 5. Stability

Stability studies and claims are based on real time stability study. Control solutions are stable for 2 years at 2-8 degrees C.

In-use Stability: The contents should be used immediately after opening.

# 6. Value Assignment

To determine the assigned values and control ranges for the High Metabolite QUALICHECK, six (6) trays of 1000 ampoules are sampled randomly from the Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK batch. Twelve ampoules are sampled from each of the trays and 72 ampoules are sampled from the reference batch. The samples are conditioned and shaken at $2 5 \%$ in a water bath for 6 hours. Measurements are performed on a minimum of 3 validated $A B L 7 \times x$ series devices with data collection. Measurement of each parameter is performed alternately on the reference ampoule and the sample ampoule and repeated 12 times on each ABL7xx for a total of 144 measurements. Target ranges are calculated based on the mean $\pm 2 5 0$ .

# 7. Conclusion

The High Metabolite QUALICHECK is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate device: QUALICHECK5+ (K980135).

March 26, 2013

Radiometer Medical Aps c/o Martin Gabler Aakandevej 21, Broenshoej DENMARK DK-2700

Re: k130415 Trade/Device Name: High Metabolite QUALICHECK Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJS Dated: February 06, 2013 Received: February 19, 2013

Dear Mr. Gabler:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( k )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml15809.htm for

Page 2—Mr. Gabler

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from,the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k130415

Device Name: High Metabolite QUALICHECK

Indications for Use:

This High Metabolite QUALICHECK solution is an assayed quality control system for evaluating the accuracy and precision of all parameters listed on the insert specifying the control ranges.

Analytes are: pO2, ctHb, cGlucose, cLactate

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)