# 510(k) Notification Audit® MicroCV™m Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set

# 510(k) Summary

# A. Submitter

Aalto Scientific, Ltd. 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008 Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Fax: (760) 431-6824

# B. Contact Person

Dessi Lyakov Regulatory Affairs Manager Telephone: (760) 431-7922 Ext. 118 E-mail: dlyakov@aaltoscientific.com

C. Date of Summary Preparation

February 15, 2013

D. Device Identification

Product Trade Name: Audit® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearil   
Common Name: Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity   
Classification Name: Assay QC Material   
Device Classification: Class I, reserved   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660   
Panel: 75   
Product Code: JJX   
Device to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed   
Product Trade Name: Audit® MicroCV™M hs-CRP Linearity Set Aalto Scientific, Ltd., Carlsbad, CA K101427

# E. Description of the Device

The Audit® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels of human based serum, with each level containing BetaHydroxybutyric Acid. It is used to confirm the proper calibration, linear operating range, and reportable range of Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid. Level A is near the lower limit level and Level E m.  la dilution of Level A and Level E.

# F. Statement of Intended Use

TAudi McCBta-HyuricAci inearSet  s ual material consisting of five levels of human based serum. Each level contains BetaHydroxybutyric Acid. These five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for

# 510(k) Notification Audit® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set

BeHydroxybutyric Acid. It is intende o imulatehuman patient serum samples or puro of determining linearity, calibration verification and verification of reportable range for BetaHydroxybutyric Acid.

The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling and may be used as quality control material for Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The Audit® MicroCV T Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set should not be used for calibration or standardization of the Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid assay. The Audit® MicroCV™ BetaHydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".

# G. Summary of Performance Data

Stability uds hav been pored detee eenvl sability n she   he Audi® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set. All supportingdata is retained on file at Aalto Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability: Once a vial has been opened, the Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid will be stable for 40 days when stored tightly capped at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ .

Shelf Life: Two years, when stored unopened at $2 - 8 ^ { \circ } C$ .   
Note: Real time studies are ongoing to support the shelf life of this product.

# H. Expected Values

Value assignment ofAudit® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set have been performed to determine the expected values of Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid analyte. All supporting data is retained on file at Aaito Scientific, Ltd. Product claims are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=10>Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid, mmol/L, P-Modular Instrument, Roche Reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level A…</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Level E</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Range</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0-1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0-2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9-3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8-5.1</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Notification Audit® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set

I. Technical Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit® MicroCV.™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric AcidLinearity Set(New)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Audit ™ MicroCV™ hs-CRPLinearity Set(K101427)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Audit® MicroCVT Beta-Hydroxybutyric AcidLinearity Set is an assayed quality control materialconsisting of five levels of human based serum.Each level contains Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid.These five levels demonstrate a linear relationshipto each other for Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid. It islintended to simulate human patient serumsamples for purpose of determining linearity,calibration verification and verification ofreportable range for Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid.The product is intended for use with quantitativeJassays on the indicated analyzer provided in thelabeling and may be used as quality controlmaterial for Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid. When usedfor quality control purposes, it is recommendedthat each laboratory establish its own means andlacceptable ranges and use the values providedonly as guides. The Audit® MicroCV™ Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set should not beused for calibration or standardization of the Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid assay. The Audit® MicroCV™Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set is &quot;For InVitro Diagnostic Use Only&quot;.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Audit ™ MicroCVTM hs-CRP Linearity Setis assayed quality control material consistingof five levels human based serum. Eachlevel contains High Sensitivity C-ReactiveProtein (hs -CRP) analyte. The five levelsdemonstrate a linear relationship to eachother for High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein(hs -CRP) analyte. It is intended to simulatehuman patient serum samples for purpose ofmonitoring and detecting systematicanalytical deviations of laboratory testingprocedures for High Sensitivity C-Reactive[Protein (hs -CRP). This product may be usedas quality control material for High SensitivityC-Reactive Protein (hs -CRP) analyte. Whenused for quality control purposes, it isrecommended that each laboratory establishlits own means and acceptable ranges anduse the values provided only as guides. Theproduct is intended for use with quantitativelassays on the indicated analyzer provided inthe labeling,The Audit ™ MicroCV™ hs-CRPLinearity Set is &quot;For In Vitro Diagnostic UseOnly&quot;.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofAnalytes per vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number oflevels per set</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contents</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 1 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 x 1 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Based Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°CUntil expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8°CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Open VialStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 days at 2 to 8° C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 days at 2 to 8° C</td></tr></table>

# J. Conclusions

Based upon the purpose of the device, the descriptions and labeling of the predicate device, the safety and efficacy, and the stability data generated, the product is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

# March 19, 2013

Aalto Scientific, Ltd c/o Dessi Lyakov 1959 Kellogg Ave. Carlsbad, CA 92008

Re: k130157 Trade/Device Name: Audit $\otimes$ MicroCVTM Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: Class I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: January 14, 2013 Received: February 06, 2013

Dear Dessi Lyakov:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml 15809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. .

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number: k130157

Device Name: Audit® MicroCVTM Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set

Indications for Use:

The Audit® MicroCVTM Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set is an assayed quality control material consisting of five levels of human based serum. Each level contains Beta- Hydroxybutyric Acid. These five levels demonstrate a linear relationship to each other for Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid. It is intended to simulate human patient serum samples for purpose of determining linearity, calibration verification and verification of reportable range for Beta- Hydroxybutyric Acid.

The product is intended for use with quantitative assays on the indicated analyzer provided in the labeling and may be used as quality control material for BetaHydroxybutyric Acid. When used for quality control purposes, it is recommended that each laboratory establish its own means and acceptable ranges and use the values provided only as guides. The Audit® MicroCVTM Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set should not be used for calibration or standardization of the Beta-Hydroxybutyric Acid assay. The Audit® MicroCVTM Beta- Hydroxybutyric Acid Linearity Set is "For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only".