# 510(k) Summary

# 1.Safety and effectiveness as required by 21 CFR 807.92 STATEMENT

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement 21 CFR 807.92.

# 2.) Submitter's / Owner of the 510(k) and Contact Information

Name: JAS Diagnostics

Address: 14100 N.W. $5 7 ^ { \mathfrak { n } }$ Court Miami Lakes, FL 33014

Phone: 305 418-2320   
Fax: 305 418-2321

Official Correspondent   
David Johnston   
E-mail: djohnston@jasdiagnostics.com

Date of Preparation April 14, 2014

510(k) Application Number K130915

3.) 510k Number, Device, Proprietary Name, Common Name, Purpose for Submission, Regulatory Classification, Panel, Product Code And CFR Number

# Regulation Number:

21CFR Sec. — 862.2160   
21CFR Sec. — 862.1345   
21CFR Sec. - 862.1665   
21CFR Sec. - 862.1600   
21CFR Sec. - 862.1170

Device Description   
Discrete Photometric Chemistry Analyzer for Clinical Use   
Glucose Test System   
Sodium Test System   
Potassium Test System   
Chloride Test System

Classifications: Class I and Class I (Analyzer)

Product Codes   
JJE - Analyzer, Chemistry (Photometric, Discrete), for Clinical Use   
CFR - Hexokinase, Glucose   
JGS - Electrode, Ion Specific, Sodium   
CEM - Electrode, Ion Specific, Potassium   
CGZ - Electrode, Chloride

Panel Chemistry (75)

# Proprietary Name and Common Name

Trade/Proprietary Name XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, JAS Glucose Reagent, ISE Reagent Pack

Common Name/Usual Name XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, JAS Glucose Reagent, ISE Reagent Pack

# 5.) Indications for Use

The XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an automated, random access, computer controlled, bench top clinical chemistry analyzer for clinical chemistry tests. The instrument provides in vitro quantitative measurements for glucose, sodium, potassium, and chloride in serum. This device is intended for clinical laboratory use.

The JAS Glucose Reagent in intended for the in vitro quantitative measurement of glucose in serum on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer. This device is intended for clinical laboratory use. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

The ISE Reagent Pack is intended for the in vitro quantitative measurement of sodium, potassium, and chloride concentrations in serum on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer. This device is intended for clinical laboratory use.

Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism, diabetes insipidus and other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance.

Potassium measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

Chloride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

# 6.) Device Deseription: JAS XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

The XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer is an automated bench top, random access, open analyzer for clinical chemistry and immunoturbidimetric analysis on serum, urine, and other body fluids. The analyzer mainly uses colorimetric, turbidimetric, and ion selective electrode methods for analysis of samples.

The instrument includes of the following main parts;

Sampling Arm (for sample addition to cuvettes)   
• Reagent Arm (for reagent addition to cuvettes)   
• Reaction Station (cuvettes)   
• Sample Plate Station (for loading samples) Reagent Plate Station (for on board reagents)   
• Photometer (for reaction analysis reading)   
• Wash Station (for cleaning of reaction cuvettes) Electronic Boards (for controlling the open functions)

# 7.) Substantial Equivalence Information:

1.) Predicate 510(k) number: K981743 Olympus AU400 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer: Comparison to predicate:

<table><tr><td></td><td>Device Name</td><td>Device: XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer</td><td>Predicate Device: OLYMPUS AU400 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>510(k)</td><td>Pending</td><td>K981743</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System Principles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC/Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic and Manual</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automatic and Manual</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIS external connectivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplesReagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SamplesReagents</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Re-dilution on abnormals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Throughput</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 test/hour400 with ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400 test/hour800 with ISE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principle ofanalysis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode of detection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric / ISE</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric / ISE</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Methods</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endpoint, Kinetic, IonSelective Electrodes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Endpoint, Kinetic, IonSpecific Electrodes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear and non linear</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear and non linear</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opticalmeasurement unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurement modes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Absorbance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optical modes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bichromatic,turbidimetric</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bichromatic, turbidimetric</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelengths</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">340nm, 405nm,505nm, 546nm,578nm, 600nm,660nm, 700nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">340nm, 380nm, 410nm,450 nm, 480nm, 520nm,540nm, 570nm, 600nm,660nm , 700nm, 750nm800nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Linear absorbance range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0 to 2.5 A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0 to 2.5 A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">halogen lamp</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">halogen lamp</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Detector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicone photodiodearray</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Silicon photodiodes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reaction unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reaction cuvettes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45 quartz semi-disposable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88 quartz semi-disposable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reaction volume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 to 570 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 to 610 uL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Path length</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calculated at 10mm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10mm conversion</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Temperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room, 30°C, 37°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Room, 30°C, 37°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sample andreagent unit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reagent positions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 for Rgt1, 50mLbottles25 for Rgt2, 20mLbottles</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38 for Rgt1, 60mL bottles38 for Rgt2, 15 &amp; 30mLbottles</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sample positions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Pipetter system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">plunger, stepper motordriven</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Micro-syringe, motordriven</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Mixing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immersion mixing byrotating mixers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rotating mix bar</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Reagent refrigeration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">YES</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Sample dispensing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 70 microliters</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 - 50 microliters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Power</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AC220V. 50 Hz or110v, 60Hz</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AC210V, 60Hz (U.S.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Environmentalconditions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 to 30°C,Humidity 40 to 80%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15 to 30CHumidity 40 to 80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">ISE Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lon selective, directmeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">lon selective, directmeasurement</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE sample type</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Available tests</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na, K, CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na, K, Ci</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ISE calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point and singlepoint</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point and single point</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 uL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70 uL</td></tr></table>

# Device Description: JAS Glucose Reagent

The JAS Glucose Reagent is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in serum on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer. The Reagent is a single vial liquid that is placed for use on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer reagent carousel. The reagent uses the enzymatic (Hexokinase/G-6-P) UV (340nm) method. This device is for clinical laboratory use.

9.) Substantial Equivalence Information:

Predicate 510(k) number: K981743 Olympus AU400 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, Glucose Reagent

10.) Comparison to predicate:

Manufacturer:

# JAS Diagnostics

# Beckman Coulter Olympus

Device Name

JAS Glucose Reagent for XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

Olympus Glucose Reagent for Olympus AU 400 & 600 series Chemistry Analyzers

# JAS Diagnostics

Beckman Coulter (Olympus)

FDA 510k #

K130915 (CFR) (Pending)

K981743 (CFR)

Classification

Moderate (Pending)

Moderate

Intended Use quantitative measurement of glucose in serum on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry analyzer For clinical laboratory use enzymatic (Hexokinase / G-6-P), UV (340nm)

quantitative measurement of glucose in serum, plasma, urine, on Beckman Coulter clinical chemistry analyzers For clinical laboratory use enzymatic (Hexokinase / G-6-P), UV (340nm)

Methodology

Reagent Description Single vial liquid reagent Two vial liquid reagent

Normal Range Adult

74 - 106 mg/dL 70 -105 mg/dL

# Performance Characteristics - Glucose

# Linearity

Protocol: 9 Serial Dilutions of a $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Glucose Standard were prepared and run on the XL-200, along with the $5 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ stock Standard. Results were then plotted as a regression graph against theoretical recovery.

Results: Acceptable Slope 1.001 and Intercept of $- 0 . 1 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and data linear within allowable nonlinearity of 3mg/dL or $5 \%$ resulted; validating the product's claimed linearity range of 9 to ${ 5 0 0 } \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

# Calibrator Traceability:

Protocol: Verichem Laboratories Matrix Plus Chemistry Reference Kit (9500) five level reference material was run on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, using JAS Glucose Reagent. This material is "Verified and lot certified using available standard reference materials for the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)."

# Results:

Program's Evaluation of glucose Results states accuracy test passed and results linear; with a slope of 0.972 and intercept of $2 . 1 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , with error of $1 . 4 \%$ .

# Interferences

Protocol: Serial dilutions were prepared using a high interferent sample material, with the same sample material (glucose level) without the interferent spiked. Acceptable interference level is the is the highest interferent sample level were the glucose values remains within $10 \%$ of the sample value unspiked with the intereferent.

Results: The following highest interferent levels for the sample, with $< 1 0 \%$ interferent were obtained.

Hemoglobin up to $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Bilirubin up to $2 1 . 4 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ Lipemia up to 412 mg/dL Ascorbic Acid up to 10.0mg/dL

# Correlation

Protocol: Multiple serum samples, at various glucose levels, were run on multiple days through the test's analytical range on the XL-200 clinical chemistry analyzer, using JAS Glucose reagent and also on the Olympus 400, using Olympus Glucose reagent. Results were compared using a correlation plot.

Results: The following acceptable statistics resulted, i.e. $\textstyle \mathbb { R } > 0 . 9 5$ , Slope between 0.90 and 1.10, and intercept close to $0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ level.

JAS Glucose reagent on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer versus Olympus glucose reagent of Olympus 400:

Number of sample pairs: Range tested: x method y method Corr. Coef. (R)   
Slope   
Intercept

103   
1 1 to 497 mg/dL   
9 to 501 mg/dL   
0.9970   
1.002   
1.8 mg/dL

# Precision/Reproducibility:

Protocol: Precision was performed using "EP Evaluator's NCCLS EP5-T2 Precision document (NCCLS.EP5)" program. Three glucose sample levels were run 20 times in duplicate, using 20 runs over a 20 day period on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, for within run and for total imprecision calculation/determination.

Results: Results were entered into Rhoads EP Evaluator Software for determining precision S.D. and CV levels. All results below meet requirement of CV $( \% ) < 5 \%$ for both within and total precision.

# Glucose

<table><tr><td>Within Run Mean (mg/dL)</td><td>Level 1 49.8</td><td>Level 2 96.2</td><td>Level 3 303.4</td></tr><tr><td>S.D. (mg/dL)</td><td>0.9</td><td>1.1</td><td>3.6</td></tr><tr><td>C.V. (%)</td><td>1.7</td><td>1.2</td><td>1.2</td></tr><tr><td>Total</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>S.D. (mg/dL)</td><td>1.3</td><td>1.8</td><td>3.8</td></tr><tr><td>C.V. (%)</td><td>2.6</td><td>1.8</td><td>1.3</td></tr></table>

# 12.) Device Description: ISE Reagent Pack (for use on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer)

Comparison to Beckman Coulter Olympus 400:

XL-200 Beckman Coulter Olympus Clinical Chemistry AU400 Analyzer

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>lon selective, directmeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ion selective, directmeasurement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE sample type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum, Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Available tests</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na, K, CI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na, K, CI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ISE calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-point and singlepoint</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two-point and single point</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 uL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70 uL</td></tr></table>

Device Description: The JAS ISE Module consists of ion selective electrodes for sodium, potassium, and chloride, a reference electrode and accessory reagents.

XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer ISE Solutions:

Beckman Coulter Olympus ISE Solutions:

\*ISE Reagent Pack: REF: 5423-0030: Calibrant A, 520mL: (Na 140.0. K 4.00, Cl 125.0 mmol/L)

ISE Buffer, PN: AUHI011   
ISE Reference, PN: AUHI013   
ISE Mid Standard, PN:AUH1012

Calibrant B, 190mL: (Na 70.0, K 8.00, Cl 41.0 mmol/L)

Internal Reference Solution, PN: AUHI017   
ISE Low Standard, PN: 1014 ISE High Standard, PN: 1015 Na Selectivity Check, PN:   
AUH1018

# \*REF 5421 Cleaning Solution

\*REF 5201: Na Electrode \*REF 5202: K Electrode \*REF 5207: CI Electrode \*REF 5204: Reference Electrode

14.) Substantial Equivalence Information for ISE Reagent Pack:

1.) Predicate 510k number: K981743 Manufacturer: Beckman Coulter (Olympus)

Comparison to predicate: See below comparison.

# OLYMPUS

# Device Name

JAS   
ISE Reagent Pack for   
XL-200 Clinical Chemistry   
Analyzer

ISE Reagents for Olympus AU 400 & 600 series chemistry analyzers

# Manufacturer

JAS Diagnostics

Beckman Coulter (Olympus)

FDA 510k #

K130915 (Pending)

K981743

# JAS

# OLYMPUS

# Classification

Moderate (Pending)

Moderate

# Intended Use

quantitative measurement of sodium, potassium and chloride concentrations in serum on the XL-200 clinical chemistry analyzer. For clinical laboratory use quantitative measurement of sodium, potassium and chloride in serum and urine on Beckman Coulter clinical chemistry analyzers.

For clinical laboratory use

# Methodology

Ion Selective Electrodes (ISEs)

Ion Selective Electrodes (ISEs)

# Reagent Description

\*ISE Reagernt Pack: Calibrant A, 520mL: (Na 140.0, K 4.00, Cl 125.0 mmol/L)

Calibrant B, 190mL: (Na 70.0, K 8.00, Cl 41.0 mmol/L)

\*REF 5421 Cleaning Solution

ISE Buffer, PN: AUH1011 ISE ReferenCe, PN: AUH1013 ISE Mid Standard, (PN:AUH1012) Internal Reference Solution, (PN: AUH1017) ISE Low Standard, PN: 1014 ISE High Standard, PN: 1015 Na Selectivity Check, PN: AUH1018

# ELECTRODES

# XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer

# Beckman Coulter Olympus 400 Electrodes

\*REF 5201: Na Electrode \*REF 5202: K Electrode \*REF 5207: Cl Electrode \*REF 5204: Reference Electrode

MU9194: Na Electrode MU9195: K Electrode MU9196: Cl Electrode

JAS Expected values/Reference ranges:

Olympus Expected   
values/ Reference ranges:   
136 to 145mEq/L   
3.5 to 5.1mEq/L   
98 to 107 mEq/L

Sodium: 136 to 145mmol/L Potassium: 3.5 to 5.1 mmol/L Chloride: 98 to 107 mmol/L

# 15. Performance Characteristics - ISE

Linearity (serum)

Protocol: Serial Dilutions of a Stock Standard were prepared for Sodium, Potassium and Chloride and run on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer. Results were then plotted as a regression graph against theoretical recovery.

Results: Slopes and Intercepts resulted for Sodium, Potassium and Chloride, linear within allowable nonlinearity of $3 \mathrm { m g / d i }$ or $5 \%$ ; validating the products' below claimed linearity ranges.

Sodium 100 to 200 mEq/L Potassium 1.0 to 10.0 mEq/L Chloride 50 to 150 mEq/L

# Calibrator Traceability:

Protocol: Verichem Laboratories Matrix Plus Chemistry Reference Kit (9500) five level reference material was run on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, for XL-200 Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride. This material is "Verified and lot certified using available standard reference materials for the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST); for Calibration Verification"

# Results:

Program's Evaluation of Results states Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride accuracy tests passed and results linear; with the following statistics:

Test Slope Intercept Error Sodium 1.007 4.4mmol/L 0.1% Potassium 0.902 0.1mmol/L EY $1 . 3 \%$ Chloride 1.012 2.0mmol/L E $1 . 3 \%$ EMPY

# Precision:

Protocol: Precision was performed using "EP Evaluator's NCCLS EP5-T2 Precision document (NCCLS.EP5)" program. Three sodium, potassium and chloride sample levels were run 20 times in duplicate, using 20 runs over a 20 day period on the XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, for within run and for total imprecision calculation/determination.

Results: Results were entered into Rhoads EP Evaluator Software for determining precision S.D. and CV levels. All results below meet requirement of CV $( \% ) < 5 \%$ for both within and total precision.

# Sodium

<table><tr><td>Within Run:</td><td>Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (mmol/L)</td><td>118.2</td><td>131.5</td><td>166.6</td></tr><tr><td>S.D. (mmol/dL)</td><td>0.340</td><td>0.40</td><td>0.82</td></tr><tr><td>C.V. (%)</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>S.D. (mmol/L)</td><td>0.808</td><td>1.08</td><td>1.36</td></tr><tr><td>C.V. (%)</td><td>0.7</td><td>0.8</td><td>0.8</td></tr></table>

# Potassium

<table><tr><td>Within Run: Mean (mmol/L)</td><td>Level 1 1.84 0.035</td><td>Level 2 3.43 0.011</td><td>Level 3 6.13 0.038</td></tr><tr><td>S.D. (mmol/L) C.V. (%)</td><td>1.9</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.6</td></tr><tr><td>Total:</td><td>0.038</td><td>0.026</td><td>0.066</td></tr><tr><td>S.D. (mmol/L) C.V. (%)</td><td>2.1</td><td>0.8</td><td>1.1</td></tr></table>

# Chloride

<table><tr><td>Within Run:</td><td>Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>Mean (mmol/L)</td><td>88.3</td><td>108.5</td><td>120.0</td></tr><tr><td>S.D. (mmol/L)</td><td>0.45</td><td>0.68</td><td>0.301</td></tr><tr><td>C.V. (%)</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.6</td><td>0.3</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>S.D. (mmol/L)</td><td>0.73 0.80</td><td>0.559</td></tr></table>

C.V. $( \% )$ 0.8 0.7 0.5

# Interferences

Protocol: Serial dilutions were prepared using a high interferent sample material, with the same sample material (sodium, potassium and chloride level respectively) without the interferent spiked. Acceptable interference level is the is the highest interferent sample level were the glucose values remains within $10 \%$ of the sample value unspiked with the intereferent.

Results: The following highest interferent levels for the sample, with < 10% interferent were obtained.

Reagent Hemolysis Lipemia Bilirubin Sodium Hemolyzed samples should not be used 1084 mg/dL 22.5 mg/dL Potassium Hemolyzed samples should not be used 1084 mg/dL 22.5 mg/dL Chloride Hemolyzed samples should not be used 1084 mg/dL 22.5 mg/dL

Method Comparison Studies: (versus Olympus reagent on Olympus 400 analyzer)

Protocol: Multiple serum samples, at various analyte levels, were run on multiple days through the test's analytical range on the XL-200 clinical chemistry analyzer using JAS reagent packs (y method) and also on the Beckman Coulter Olympus 400, using Olympus ISE solution as a reference instrument (y method). Results were compared using a correlation plot.

Results: The following acceptable statistics resulted, i.e. $\mathtt { R } > 0 . 9 5$ , Slope between 0.90 and 1.10, and intercept close to $0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ level

# Sodium

Number of sample pairs: Range tested: x method Range tested: y method Correlation Coefficient Slope:   
Intercept: 101   
103 to 193 mmol/L   
101 to 190 mmol/L   
0.9917   
0.984 2.256 mmol/L

# Potassium

Number of sample pairs: Range tested: x method Range tested: y method Correlation Coefficient Slope:   
Intercept:

90  
1.2 to 9.90 mmol/L  
1.1 to 10.0 mmol/L  
0.9954  
0.999  
0.05 mmol/L

# Chloride

Number of sample pairs: Range tested: x method Range tested: y method Correlation Coefficient Slope:   
Intercept:

88   
51 to 140 mmol/L   
51 to 145 mmol/L   
0.9856   
1.070   
- 4.3 mmol/L

The submitted information in this pre-market notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

May 15, 2014

JAS DIAGNOSTICS. INC. DAVID JOHNSTON VP. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 14100 N.W. 57TH COURT MIAMI LAKES FL 33014

Re: K130915 Trade/Device Name: JAS Glucose Reagent ISE Reagent Pack XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: CFR, JGS. CEM. CGZ. JJE Dated: April 30, 2014 Received: May 2. 2014

Dear Mr. David Johnston:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassificd in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH docs not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class Il (Special Controls) or class IlI (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including. but not limited to: registration and listing (2| CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable. the

clectronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education al its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address   
http://wvw.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also. pleasc note the regulation entitled. "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), pleasc go to   
hup://www.Ida.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarkel Survcillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/defailt.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Device Name XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer, JAS Glucose Reagent, ISE Reagent Pack

Indications for Use (Describe)

The XL-200 Clinical Chemistry Analyzers an utoate andaccess, compuer controlled, bench top,clal potassium and chloride in serum. This device is intended for clinical laboratory use.

The JAS Glucoe Reagent is itended o he nvi uantiativeasrement  glucos in runhe XL-200 ca dyy idiopathic hypoglycemia and of pancreatic islet cell Carcinoma.

The ISE Reagent ack s intended or the in viro quantitativemeasurement  odim potassium, and chde cenalzv np nvolving electrolyte imbalance.

characterized by low or high blood potassium levels.

C fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

# This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# O NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.

The burden time or this collection  informationis estimated toaverage7hours pe esponse, indudge time to review instructions, search existing dat sources, gather and maintain hedata needed and coplete and review the collection f information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."