K130337

# 510(k) Summary

Date of Preparation: $2 2 ^ { n d }$ January 2013

# 1. SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92 STATEMENT

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement 21 CFR 807.92.

2. SUBMITTER NAME AND ADDRESS

Name: Randox Laboratories Limited

Address: 55 Diamond Road, Crumlin, County Antrim, BT29 4QY, United Kingdom.

Telephone: $+ 4 4$ (0) 28 9442 2413 Fax: $+ 4 4$ (0) 28 9445 2912 E-mail: marketing@randox.com

# 3. 510k NUMBER, DEVICE PROPRIETARY NAME, COMMON NAME, PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION, REGULATORY CLASSIFCATION, PANEL, PRODUCT CODE AND 21 CFR NUMBER

510k No: Not known

Device Proprietary Name: Randox Immunoassay Speciality Control (l) Levels 1, 2 and 3

Common Name: Immunoassay Speciality Control (l) Levels 1, 2 and 3

Purpose for Submission: New Device

Regulatory Classification: Multi-analyte Controls, All kinds (Assayed and Unassayed

Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Product Code: JJY

# 4. PREDICATE DEVICE PROPRIETARY NAMES AND 510 (k) NUMBERS

Predicate Device Proprietary Name:

BIO-RAD LiquichekTM Speciality Immunoassay Control Levels LTA Levels 1, 2 and 3.

510 (k) Number: K043108

# 5. INTENDED USE

The Randox Immunoassay Speciality Control (l) Levels 1, 2 and 3 are intended for in vitro diagnostic use as assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert. This device is for prescription use only.

# 6. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Randox Immunoassay Speciality Control (l) is manufactured at three levels, Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3.

Each control is prepared from human serum with added constituents of human origin, chemicals, stabilizers and preservatives. They are supplied in lyophilised form in $5 \times 2 m !$ vials and require reconstitution with 2ml of distilled water.

The analyte concentrations in each of the three levels have been chosen to span a range that includes the chemically significant or medical decision level(s). The analyte concentrations have been reviewed by a panel of experts to ensure that the concentrations are clinically relevant for use in routine hospital laboratories.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTICS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RANDOX SPECIALITYIMMUNOASSAY CONTROL (I)LEVELS 1, 2 AND 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIO-RADLIQUICHEK TMSPECIALTY IMMUNOASSAYCONTROL LTA LEVELS 1, 2 &amp; 3K043108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTENDED USE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Randox Immunoassay SpecialityControl (l), levels 1, 2 &amp; 3 are intended forin vitro diagnostic use as assayed qualitycontrol material to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for theanalytes listed in the package insert.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use as a quality control serum tomonitor the precision of laboratory testingprocedures listed in the package insert</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SIZE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. 5ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FORMAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilised</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MATRIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STORAGE(Unopened)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8 Until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20 to -70Until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPEN VIAL CLAIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Store refrigerated +2 to 8Reconstituted serum is stable for 5days at+2 to 8°C if kept capped in originalcontainer or 4weeks frozen once at -20°.Anti-TG is stable for 3days at +2 to 8C.C-Peptide, IGF-I and Procalcitonin arestable for 1day at +2 to 8°C. Osteocalcinis stable for 4hours at +2 to 8C andParathyroid hormone should be testedwithin 4hours of reconstitution whenstored at +2 to 8°C or within 2weeks whenstored below -20°C.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Once the product is thawed and opened,all analytes will be stable for 30days whenstored tightly capped at 2-8° with theexception of PTH which will be stable for23days.PTH, Anti-TG and Anti TPO will be stablefor 30 days when stored in tightly capped. aliquot vials at -20 to -70°.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SHIPPINGTEMPERATURE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+2 to 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-20 to -70</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANALYTES</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-25 OH Vitamin D. 25 OH Vitamin D,Anti TG, Anti TPO, C-Peptide, Insulin LikeGrowth Factor (IGF 1), Osteocalcin,Parathyroid Hormone (PTH)Insulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti-Thyroglobulin (Anti-TG)Anti-Thyroperoxidase (Anti-TPO)C-PeptideInsulin Like Growth Factor I (IGF-l)Intact Parathyroid Hormone(Intact-PTH)25-OH Vitamin DOsteocalcin</td></tr></table>

# 8. SUMMARY OF STABILITY STUDIES

Opened: Store refrigerated $( + 2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ . Reconstituted serum is stable for 5 days at $+ 2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ if kept capped in the original container and free from contamination or 4 weeks frozen once at $- 2 0 ^ { \circ } C$ . Anti-TG is stable for 3days at $+ 2 0 c$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ . C-Peptide, IGF-I and Procalcitonin are stable for 1day at $+ 2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ Osteocalcin is stable for 4 hours at $+ 2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $+ 4 ^ { \circ } C$ .Parathyroid hormone (PTH) should be tested within 4hours of reconstitution when stored at $+ 2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ , or within 2 weeks when stored below $- 2 0 \%$ . Only the required amount of product should be removed. After use, any residual product should not be returned to the original vial.

Unopened: Store refrigerated $( + 2 ^ { \circ } C$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ . Stable to the expiration date printed on individual vials.

# 9. SUMMARY OF VALUE ASSIGNMENT

Each batch of Immunoassay Speciality I Control is submitted to a number of reference laboratories and values are assigned from a consensus of results obtained by these laboratories using a unique statistical analysis. With each batch a control range is provided for individual parameters and each parameter method. Average values should normally fall within the listed range for analytes specified in the product insert. However, variations may be caused by instrument, reagent, and laboratory technique. Therefore ranged provided here in should only be considered as a reference and it is recommended that each laboratory establish its not ranges.

# 10. TRACEABILITY

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ANALYTE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUPPLIER</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PRODUCTNUMBER</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ORIGIN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SOURCE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-25 OH Vitamin D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-1530</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SyntheticAnalytical Gradechemical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-OH Vitamin D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>H-4014</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SyntheticAnalytical Gradechemical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti TG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Biologicals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Receivedunder lotnumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anti TPO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Biologicals</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Receivedunder lotnumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-Peptide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>C-4999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Peptide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IGF 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Scipac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P264-0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expressed inE.coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-0259/I-2643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Humanrecombinant</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Osteocalcin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anaspec/Sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22831/0-5761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Bone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procalcitonin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Randox</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RCP9522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extracted andpurified fromE.coli</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parathyroid Hormone(PTH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P-7036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Thyroid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Commercial source, addedvolumetrically</td></tr></table>

# 11. CONCLUSION

Testing results indicate that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

RANDOX LABORATORIES LTD. C/O Ms. PAULINE ARMSTRONG QA/RA MANAGER   
55 DIAMOND ROAD   
CRUMLIN CO ANTRIM BT29 4QY UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K130337 Trade/Device Name: Immunoassay Speciality Control (l) levels 1, 2 and 3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JJY Dated: April 12, 2013 Received: May 20, 2013

Dear Ms. Armstrong:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The eneral-controls-provisions-of-the-Act-include-requirements-for-annual-registration;-listing-of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR.Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industrv/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
hittp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReporiaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph. D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological

Health

Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k130337

Device Name: Immunoassay Speciality Control () Levels 1, 2 and 3

Indications For Use:

The Randox Immunoassay Speciality Control (l) Levels 1, 2 and 3 are intended for in vitro diagnostic use as assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for 1-25 Dihydroxy Vitamin D (1-25 (OH)2 Vitamin D), 25 Hydroxy Vitamin D (25 OH Vitamin D), Anti-Thyroglobulin (Anti TG), Anti-Thyroid Peroxidase (Anti TPO), C-Peptide, Insulin Like Growth Factor (IGF 1), Parathyroid Hormone (PTH), Procalcitonin and Insulin.

This device is for prescription use only.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH; Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# MariaM Chan -S