# 510(k) Summary Prepared September 30, 2013

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

Submitter's Name and Address Beckman Coulter, Inc. 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive Chaska, MN 55318

OCT 0 1 2013

Primary Contact: Geraldine Baglien (952) 368-7645 (952) 368-7610 (fax)

Alternate Contact: Jeffrey Koll (952) 368-1361 (952) 368-7610 (fax)

Device Name Trade Name:

Access Total BhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) Assay and Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) Calibrators on the Access® Immunoassay Systems   
Common Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin   
Classification Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system (21 CFR 862.1155) Secondary Calibrator (21CFR 862.1150)

Predicate Device ADVIA Centaur Total hCG Assay (k925277) Manufactured by Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics, Inc.

# Device Description

The Access Total BhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ Sassay (standardized to WHO $5 ^ { 1 h }$ International Standard), Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) calibrators, and the Access Immunoassay analyzers comprise the Access Immunoassay System for the quantitative determination of total βhCG in human serum and plasma.

# Intended Use

The Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the in vitro quantitative determination of total BhCG levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. This assay is intended for use as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy.

The Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) Calibrators are intended to calibrate the Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) assay for the quantitative determination of total BhCG levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Access Total βhCG (5th IS)Assay and Access Total βhCG(5th IS) Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate ADVIA Centaur TotalhCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Access Total βhCG (5th IS)assay is a paramagnetic particle,chemiluminescent immunoassayfor the quantitative determinationof total βhCG levels in humanserum and plasma using theAccess Immunoassay Systems.This assay is intended for use asan aid in the early detection ofpregnancy.The Access Total βhCG (5th IS)Calibrators are intended tocalibrate the Access Total βhCG(5th IS) assay for the quantitativedetermination of total βhCG levelsin human serum and plasma usingthe Access ImmunoassaySystems</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For in vitro diagnostic use in thequantitative determination ofhuman chorionic gonadotropin(hCG) in serum using the ADVIACentaur and ADVIA Centaur XPsystems. The results obtained fromhCG specimens are used as an aidin the assessment of pregnancystatus. The assay detects theintact hCG molecule and free beta-subunit of the hCG molecule</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte Measured</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total βhCG (intact hCG and freebeta-subunit)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intact hCG and free beta-subunithCG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardization</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 5th International ReferencePreparation, ChorionicGonadotropin, NIBSC Coded07/364</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO 4th International ReferencePreparation, ChorionicGonadotropin, NIBSC Coded75/589</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Technology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sandwich immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chemiluminescent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes a stored calibration curve</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Utilizes a stored calibration curve</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 levels(0 mlU/mL, and approximately 6,35, 195, 620 and 1350 mlU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 levels(Low at approximately 7 mlU/mLand High at approximately 300mlU/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bovine serum albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Equine serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration CurveStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 days</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum or plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6 - 1350 mlU/mL (U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 1000 mlU/mL (IU/L)</td></tr></table>

# Summary of Studies

Method Comparison: A comparison of 224 serum samples with hCG concentrations ranging from approximately 3.2 to 1095.9 mlU/mL were run on both the Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) immunoassay and the predicate Siemens ADViA Centaur Total hCG immunoassay. The results were compared using Passing-Bablok regression and Pearson correlation with the predicate on the $\pmb { \chi }$ -axis. The observed linear fit had a slope $= 1 . 0 4$ with $9 5 \%$ confidence interval of 1.02 to 1.06, an intercept $= 2 . 8 7$ mlU/mL and a ${ \sf r } = { \sf 0 } . 9 9$ .

imprecision: Serum and plasma samples within run imprecision ranged from 1.8 to $4 . 8 \% \mathsf { C V }$ , between run imprecision ranged from 0.9 to $6 . 0 \% \mathsf { C V }$ , and total imprecision ranged from 2.6 to $6 . 6 \% C V$ at levels between 3.9 and 1350 mlU/mL. The assay exhibits total imprecision of less than $10 \%$ CV for concentrations greater than 3.9 mlU/mL and $\leq 0 . 3 9$ SD at concentrations $\leq 3 . 9$ mIU/mL.

High-dose Hook Effect: The Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) assay demonstrated no highdose hook to 1,000,000 mlU/mL in a serum sample.

Linearity: The Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { n }$ IS) assay has demonstrated to be linear across the range of the assay (0.6 to 1350 mlU/mL) in serum samples.

Dilution Recovery: The Access Total BhCG $( 5 ^ { n }$ IS) assay has been demonstrated to dilute recover across the range of the assay (0.6 to 1350 mlU/mL) in serum and plasma samples. Samples containing hCG concentrations from approximately 1150 mlU/mL to 270,000 mlU/mL can be diluted 200-fold and average recovery $100 \pm 1 5 \%$

Limit of Blank (LoB): The highest measurement result observed with no analyte present in a serum sample is $\leq 0 . 5$ mlU/mL $( n = 1 5 6 )$ .

Limit of Detection (LoD): The lowest concentration of analyte in a serum sample that can be detected with a stated probability $( 9 5 \% )$ is $\leq 0 . 5$ mlU/mL.

Limit of Quantitation $( \mathsf { L o Q } ) \mathrm { : }$ The lowest concentration of analyte in serum and plasma samples that can be quantitatively determined is $\leq 0 . 6$ mlU/mL.

Analytical Specificity: There is no significant interference from total protein, bilirubin, hemoglobin, or triglycerides in serum samples. Additionally, substances similar in structure to hCG when added to a patient serum sample with an approximate hCG concentration of 2.9 mlU/mL showed no significant cross-reactivity.

Isoform Recognition: In serum samples, the Access Total βhCG 5th IS assay recognizes intact hCG, the $\beta$ subunit of hCG, nicked intact hCG and nicked BhCG isoforms. The free $\pmb { \alpha }$ subunit and $\beta$ -core fragment yield no detectable response.

Expected Values: Total $\beta \mathsf { h C G }$ concentrations were measured in human serum samples collected from apparently healthy non-pregnant females, which included premenopausal and post-menopausal women, using the Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) assay. Concentrations of total BhCG measured in $100 \%$ of samples were determined to be ≤ 11.6 mlU/mL (IU/L).

Matrix Comparison: A comparison of forty-two (42) matched sets of serum (gel and no gel) and plasma (lithium-heparin) samples with hCG concentrations ranging from approximately 0.5 to 1350 mlU/mL were compared using Passing-Bablok regression with serum (no gel) on the $\pmb { \chi } .$ -axis. The observed linear fit for serum vs. serum (gel) had an estimated slope $\mathbf { \sigma } = 0 . 9 9$ with a confidence interval (Cl) of 0.98 to 1.01, and an estimated intercept $\mathbf { \delta } = - 0 . 0 5$ mlU/mL with a Cl of -0.15 to 0.10 mlU/mL. The observed linear fit for serum vs. plasma had an estimated slope $= 1 . 0 5$ with a Cl of 1.02 to 1.07, and an estimated intercept $= - 0 . 0 8$ mlU/mL with a Cl of -0.28 to 0.05 mlU/mL.

# Conclusion:

The Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) Assay and Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { t h }$ IS) Calibrators, for use on the Access Immunoassay Systems, are substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Siemens ADVIA Total hCG assay (k925277) for the measurement of hCG and are safe and effective for their intended use.

# October 1. 2013

Beckman Coulter. Inc. c/o Geraldine L. Baglien 1000 Lake Hazeltine Drive CHASKA MN 55318-1084

Re: K130020 Trade/Device Name: Access Total βhCG (5th IS) Assay Access Total βhCG (5th IS) Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: DHA, J1X Dated: September 17. 2013 Received: September 18. 2013

Dear Ms. Baglien:

We have revicwed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. therefore. market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (sec above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition. FDA may oublish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Rcgister.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a subslantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination thal your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations adninistered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including. but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manuacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820): and if applicable. the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

# 510(k) Number (if known): K130020

Device Name: Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { i h }$ IS) Assay and Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { \mu }$ IS) Calibrators on the Access $\otimes$ Immunoassay Systems.

Indications for Use:

The Access Total $\beta hphantom { C G } ( 5 ^ { \alpha } )$ S) assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent immunoassay for the quantitative determination of total βhCG levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems. The assay is intended for use as an aid in the early detection of pregnancy.

The Access Total $\beta { \bf h } C { \bf G } \left( 5 ^ { \tt d } 1 \thinspace { \bf S } \right.$ )caliators are intended to calibrate the Access Total βhCG $( 5 ^ { \alpha }$ IS) assay for the quantitative determination of total βhCG levels in human serum and plasma using the Access Immunoassay Systems.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Denise Johnson-lyles -S 2013.10.01 09:47:48 -04'00'