#

# 510(k) Summary COULTER TQ Prep Sample Preparation and COULTER PrepPlus 2 Workstations

# 1.0 Submitted By:

Nancy Nadler   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
Beckman Coulter, Inc.   
1 1800 SW 147 Avenue, M/C: 31-B06 Miami, Florida 33196-2500   
Telephone: (305) 380-4191   
FAX: (305) 380-3618

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

January 28, 2013

# 3.0 Device Name/Trade Name - Classification

COULTER TQ Prep Sample Preparation Workstation - Pipetting and Diluting System for Clinical Use (2i CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 7 5 0 )$ ; product code: PER

COULTER PrepPlus 2 Sample Preparation Workstation  Pipetting and Diluting System for Clinical Use (21 CFR $\ S 8 6 2 . 2 7 5 0 )$ : product code: PER

4.0 Predicate Devices:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k) Number</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TQ-Prep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q-Prep</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K874188</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrepPlus 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Pipette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Various</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td></tr></table>

# 5.0 Description:

The COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation is used with the COULTER ImmunoPrep Reagent System to prepare leukocytes from whole blood for measurement on flow cytometers. The COULTER PrepPlus 2 is a microprocessor-controlled pipetting and diluting system, designed for automating sample preparation or assay methods. It is capable of aspirating and dispensing liquid samples.

# 6.0 Intended Use:

# PrepPlus 2

The COULTER PrepPlus 2, when used in combinations with the COULTER TQPrep Workstation, is intended to prepare human whole blood for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Use with cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers (see list below).

Indications for Use:

Pipetting blood, cleared Beckman Coulter IVD reagents and Flow-Count Fluorospheres to prepare samples for flow cytometric analysis. Use of the PrepPlus 2 with cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers is described in each application Instructions for Use.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only

# TQPrep

Intended Use:

The COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation is intended to prepare leukocytes from whole blood for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Use when used with the COULTER ImmunoPrep Reagent System and cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers (see list below).

Indication for Use:

Pipetting of ImmunoPrep Reagent System (lyse, stabilizer, and fixative reagents) to samples prepared either manually or with the COULTER PrepPlus 2 sample preparation device to achieve lysis of whole blood samples. Use of COULTER TQ-Prep with cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers is described in each application's Instructions for Use.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only

# IVD Applications

The following cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications can be used with the TQ-Prep and PrepPlus2 Workstations on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers as described in each application's Instructions for Use.

CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/ CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5   
CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5   
• CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD3-PCS   
• CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD8-RD1/CD3-PC5   
• CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD3-PC5   
• CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD19-RD1/CD3-PC5   
• CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD8-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD3-PC5   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-FITC/T4-RDI   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-FITC/T8-RDI   
• CYTO-STAT CD3-FITC/CD56-RD1   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-RD1/T8-FITC   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T8-FITC (CD8- FITC)   
• CYTO-STAT /COULTER CLONE T8-RDI (CD8-RD1)   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-FITC (CD4- FITC)   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-RDI (CD4-RD1)   
• CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-FITC   
CYTO-STAT /COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-RDI

2   

<table><tr><td>Attribute</td><td>Q-Prep (Predicate)</td><td>TQ-Prep</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Q-PREP is used to prepare leukocytes for immunofluorescence measurements on optical flow cytometers.</td><td>Intended Use: The COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation is intended to prepare leukocytes from whole blood for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Use when used with the COULTER ImmunoPrep Reagent System and cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers (see list</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>below). Indication for Use: Pipetting of ImmunoPrep Reagent System (lyse, stabilizer, and fixative reagents) to samples</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>prepared either manually or with the COULTER PrepPlus 2 sample preparation device to achieve</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>lysis of whole blood samples. Use of COULTER</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>TQ-Prep with cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers is described in each application&#x27;s</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Instructions for Use.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>IVD Applications</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Q-Prep(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TQ-Prep</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrepPlus2 Workstations on cleared Beckman Coulterflow cytometers as described in each application&#x27;sInstructions for Use.CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RDI/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD8-RD1/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD19-RD1/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD8-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD3-PC5CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgGI)-FITC/T4-RDICYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-FITC/T8-RDICYTO-STAT CD3-FITC/CD56-RD1CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-RDI/T8-FITCCYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T8-FITC (CD8-FITC)CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T8-RD1 (CD8-</td></tr></table>

da λ, nun

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Q-Prep(Predicate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TQ-Prep</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RDICYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-FITC (CD4-FITC)CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-RD1 (CD4-RD1)CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-FITCCYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)-RD1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Classificationand Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2750, Pipetting and diluting system for clinicaluse, JQW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.2750, Pipetting and diluting system for clinicaluse, PER</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manufacturer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman Coulter, Inc.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controlling software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The timing electronics are on a single circuit board.They control the syringe delivery order, individualsyringe priming cycles, continuous mix cycle, cyclereagent addition and mixing, and stop cycle.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The system microprocessor (386) assembly controls thetouch screen, disk drive, power indicator, beepingdevice, and an internal communication link to theControl Interface card.A microcontroller, located on the Control Interface card,controls the motors, sensors, syringes, the cover/lidinterlock switches, reagent level sense probes and aninternal communication link to the systemmicroprocessor assembly.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyse Reagents</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoPrep A: Erythrocyte Lysing ReagentImmunoPrep B: Stabilizing ReagentImmunoPrep C: Cell Membrane Fixative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyse ReagentVolume Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ImmunoPrep A: 0.600 mL ± 5 %ImmunoPrep B: 0.265 mL ± 5 %ImmunoPrep C: 0.100 mL ± 5 %</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Timing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Premix:            2 ± 1 secLysing:             8 ± 1 secStabilizing:       10 ± 1 secFixative:           10 ± 1 sec</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Syringe Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CAM-driven displacement syringes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Stepper Motor Tri-Continent Syringes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mixing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The mixer has a rotating arm that turns thebottom of the 12 x 75 mm test tube while a clipholds the top of the test tube in a fixed position.A circular rubber grommet holds the test tube inthe arm.The arm rotates at a rate of 1400 to 1800 rpm.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The tube lifter/vortex mixer uniformly first lifts thetube up into the dispensing head, then mixes reagerin the sample.• The mixer rotates at 1400-1800 rpm.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual presentation into a tube location on front ofinstrument via tube access door. Single 12 x 75mm tube only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated presentation to sample processing area withMulti-tube Carousel Loader (MCL) from 32 test tube (x 75 mm) capacity carousel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Identification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Manual, controlled by operator.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality ControlTechniques</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gravimetric calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Attribute Intended Use</td><td>Manual Pipette (Predicate) Delivery of a specified volume of liquid.</td><td>PrepPlus 2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>In the tetraCHROME reagent application, it delivers whole blood, ImmunoTrol and ImmunoTrol Low Cells, tetraCHROME reagents, and Flow-Count Fluorospheres.</td><td>Intended Use: The COULTER PrepPlus 2, when used in combinations with the COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation, is intended to prepare human whole blood for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Use with cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers (see list below). Indications for Use: Pipetting blood, cleared Beckman Coulter IVD reagents and Flow-Count Fluorospheres to prepare samples for flow cytometric analysis. Use of the PrepPlus 2 with cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers is described in each application Instructions for Use. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only IVD Applications The following cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications can be used with the TQ-Prep and PrepPlus2 Workstations on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers as described in each application&#x27;s Instructions for Use. CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Attribute</td><td>Manual Pipette (Predicate)</td><td>PrepPlus 2</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56- RD1/CD19-ECD/CD3-PC5 CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD4- RD1/CD3-PC5 CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD8- RD1/CD3-PCS CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD56- RD1/CD3-PC5 CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD45-FITC/CD19- RD1/CD3-PC5 CYTO-STAT triCHROME CD8-FITC/CD4- RD1/CD3-PC5 CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)- FITC/T4-RDI CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE CD3(IgG1)- FITC/T8-RD1 CYTO-STAT CD3-FITC/CD56-RDI CYTO-STAT /COULTER CLONE T4-RD1/T8- FITC CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T8-FITC (CD8- FITC) CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T8-RD1 (CD8- RD1 CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-FITC (CD4- FITC) CYTO-STAT / COULTER CLONE T4-RD1 (CD4-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ZPpPPs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CC-CEET T C/IE--T CO CET / OL-OLRRCN)ELL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>  o  C  C a8PER</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pee o nn e s &#x27;e rnn cmg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O Der co o po   tZ edd ae poe s  h o pd      eee srae a sie  ai oi bury  coi cur cu sr aq/oded-e oe to too coe oe puepee sh t sud to onwot ce to oncno.se aae ae.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Saee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>at o ec pe o peaCo  (cc   2 a  Z co (mc</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jeee edees pe-ad</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>sa o y un id  tot si p   coe ade e sn pe s t e bcece G c con Ciy-pn crGonepen </td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mnedd Bne (eed</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No tce</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nuon</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mano e a Ten</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Wuaed Menuw</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pe pqo ceod</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pepdee tee paee d eds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cas cao ppd aue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Menennurr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cti tre</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samncn</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Somonun sun</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SnuGetWrl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bemdee egChe Cce</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual Pipette(Predicate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrepPlus 2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Volume Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manual, controlled by operator.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 µL to 1,000 μL. (Volumes over 500 μL are delivered inmultiple aliquots. Maximum aliquot volume is 500 μL.)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Syringe Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 mL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Tube Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Variable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on the specimen tube&#x27;s diameter:0 13-mm specimen cassetteWith Adaptor:0 75 mm specimen tubes 2 mL specimen tubes (with 2 mL tube adaptor) 3 mL specimen tubes (with 3 mL tube adaptor)IMMUNO-TROL control tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen CassetteSizes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not applicable</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 specimens per cassette for 13-mm specimen tubes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prepared SampleTubes (DaughterTubes)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12 x 75 mm straight polypropylene test tube, roundbottom.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o,V</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Design</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Study Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI EP09-A2,Method Comparison and BiasEstimation Using PatientSamples; Approved Guideline--Second Edition (InterimRevision)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The TQ-Prep demonstrated comparableresults to the predicate device with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME Reagents (CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 andCD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19/ECD/CD3-PC5).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Accuracy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI EP09-A2,Method Comparison and BiasEstimation Using PatientSamples; Approved Guideline--Second Edition (InterimRevision)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PrepPlus2 demonstrated comparableresults to the predicate device with CYTO-STAT tetraCHROME Reagents (CD45-FITC/CD4-RD1/CD8-ECD/CD3-PC5 andCD45-FITC/CD56-RD1/CD19/ECD/CD3-PC5).</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI EP5-A2,Evaluation of PrecisionPerformance of QuantitativeMeasurement Methods;Approved Guideline - SecondEdition.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The TQ-Prep and PrepPlus 2 demonstratedacceptable results with CYTO-STATtetraCHROME Reagents.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gravimetrics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluate accuracy and precisionof dispensing ImmunoPrepreagents.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The TQ-Prep demonstrated acceptableaccuracy and precision results fordispensing ImmunoPrep reagents.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gravimetrics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Evaluate accuracy and precisionof dispensing blood, reagents,controls, and Flow-CountFluorospheres.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PrepPlus2 demonstrated acceptableaccuracy and precision results fordelivering blood, reagents, controls, andFlow-Count Fluorospheres.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carryover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Based on CLSI Document: H26-A2, Validation, Verification, andQuality Assurance of AutomatedHematology Analyzers;Approved Standard - SecondEdition, Section 5.7: Carryover</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The complete systems, composed of the TQ-Prep, PrepPlus 2, and FC 500 with tetraCXPsoftware, for specimen and reagentdemonstrated acceptable carryoverperformance.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

The data in the Premarket Notification on safety and effectiveness supports a finding of substantial equivalence to products already in commercial distribution.

This summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and the implementing regulation 21 CFR 807.92.

# Food and Drug Administration 10903 Ncw Hampshire Avenue Document Control Center - WO66-G609 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

July 15, 2013

BECKMAN COULTER, INC.   
C/O MS. NANCY NADLER   
DIRECTOR, REGULATORY AFFAIRS 11800 S.W. 147 AVENUE   
M/S 31-B06   
MIAMI FL 33196-2500

Re: k130253 Trade/Device Name: COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation COULTER PrepPlus2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.2750 Regulation Name: Pipetting and diluting system for clinical use Regulatory Class: I Product Code: PER Dated: July 05, 2013 Received: July 08, 2013

Dear Ms. Nadler:

We have reviewed your Section S10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The l ontr proisons hc qument  al israti s devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the

electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):_K130253

Device Name: COULTER® TQ-Prep Workstation

Indications For Use:

# Intended Use:

The COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation is intended to prepare leukocytes from whole blood for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Use when used with the COULTER ImmunoPrep Reagent System and cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers.

# Indication for Use:

Pipetting of ImmunoPrep Reagent System (lyse, stabilizer, and fixative reagents) to samples prepared either manually or with the COULTER PrepPlus 2 sample preparation device to achieve lysis of whole blood samples. Use of COULTER TQ-Prep with cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers is described in each application's Instructions for Use. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Maria M. Chan -S

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K130253

Device Name: COULTER® PrepPlus 2

Indications For Use:

# Intended Use:

The COULTER PrepPlus 2, when used in combinations with the COULTER TQ-Prep Workstation, is intended to prepare human whole blood for In Vitro Diagnostic (IVD) Use with cleared Beckman Coulter IVD applications on cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers.

# Indications for Use:

Pipetting blood, cleared Beckman Coulter IVD reagents and Flow-Count Fluorospheres to prepare samples for flow cytometric analysis. Use of the PrepPlus 2 with cleared Beckman Coulter flow cytometers is described in each application Instructions for Use.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

Maria M. Chan -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health

510(k): k130253