# 510(k) Summary

(As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following informationprovides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination ofsubstantial equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of 510(k):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traditional 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubmitterInformation:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-SENS, Inc.27-36 Gwangun-ro, Nowon-gu, Scoul 139-845, KoreaTel.) +82-33-903-0767                                               AUG 2 1 2013Fax) +82-33-748-6191e-mail: cylim@i-sens.comContact Person: Chae Yun Lim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared Date:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">March 13, 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device NameandClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade names: CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemCareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemCommon name: Blood Glucose Test SystemClassification product code: NBW, CGARegulation number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test SystemClassification panel: 75, ChemistryDevice class: Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CareSens N Blood Glucose Monitoring System (k083468)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) consists of ablood glucose meter, single use test strips, and control solutions with two differentglucosc concentrations ("Control A" and "Control B" ranges, sold separately).The CareSens N LINK Multi BGMS consists of a blood glucose mcter, multi usetest strips and the control solutions("Control A" and "Control B" ranges).The CareSens N LINK and CareSens N LINK Multi BGMS are based on anelectrochemical biosensor technology (electrochemical). The Systems measure theglucose level in whole blood samples using a small electrical current generated inthe test strips.</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use: CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring System</td><td>The CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf. Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. The CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for self testing outside the body (in vitro) by people with diabetes al home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes. The CareSens N Single Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites. CareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System The CareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf. Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>glucose conditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare sellings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto- disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes. The CareSens N Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the CareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.</td></tr><tr><td>Comparison to the Predicate predicate device: Device • </td><td>The candidate devices have the following features that are identical to the Intended use Measurement principle Fundamental scientific technology Operating ranges</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The candidate devices are different from the predicate device for the followingaspects:• The shape of meter's housing Test result average range Memory capacity•  Battery type• Test strip ejectorThe candidate devices and predicate device use same control solutions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative, Amperometric mcthod, Glucose oxidase (Aspergillus sp.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reagent on the test strip produces a small electrical current using glucose as asubstrate in the blood sample. The mcter converts electrical current to glucoseconcentration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary ofPre-cleaningand Disinfection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The device is intended for single patient home use and multiple patients use in aprofessional healthcare setting. Disinfection studies were performed on the meterand lancing device by an outside commercial testing service to evaluateeffectiveness of disinfectant, CLOROX GERMICIDAL Wipes (EPA Reg. No:67619-12), in preventing the spread of blood-borne pathogens, using hepatitis Bvirus (HBV). The results demonstrated complete inactivation of live virusinoculated on the materials of the meter and lancing device.We have also demonstrated that 10,950 each of pre-cleaning and disinfectioncycles for meter with the same disinfectant designed to simulate 3 years ofmultiple-patient use or 5 years (260 cach of pre-cleaning and disinfection cyclesfor meter and lancing device) of single patient device use has no effect on theperformance or the external materials of the meter and lancing device (for singlepatient use only).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Datademonstratingsubstantialequivalence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The candidate device was tested in accordance with ISO 15197:2003(E).Analytical performance testing included system accuracy, repeatability, andintermediate precision testing. A user performance evaluation assessed accuracyof results and usability of the device in the hands of intended users. The candidatedevice performed similarly to both the predicate device as well as to a laboratoryreference method, the Yellow Springs Instrument (YSI). All testing demonstraledsafety and effectiveness of the candidate device and substantial cquivalence to thepredicate device.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Although unlike the predicate devicc, the candidate device provides for the wireless uploading of data from the monitor via Bluetooth transmission to a Bluetooth paired digital devices such as the PC. However, the wireless transfer of data has been validated and demonstrates a 100% correlation to actual monitor data. Therefore, there are no substantive differences between the products defined in this 510(k) submission and the predicate device.</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>Based on the submitted information in this premarket notification, the candidate devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Further, the candidate devices have met the performance, safety, and effectiveness of the device for its intended use.</td></tr></table>

# August 21, 2013

i-SENS, Inc   
C/O Chae Yun Lim   
27-36 Gwangun-ro, Nowon-gu,   
Seoul 139-845, Korea

Re: K130696 Trade/Device Name: CareSens N Link Blood Glucose Monitoring System CareSens N Link Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: July 10, 2013 Received: July 11, 2013

Dear Chae Yun Lim:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2—Chae Yun Lim

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucml 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours, Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known):  k130696

Device Name: CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement  glucose n eh capillary who bloodsample drawnfom he erp and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf. Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. The system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

The CareSens N Single Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the CareSens N LINK Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k130696

Device Name: CareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The CareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf. Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

The CareSens N Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the CareSens N LINK Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.