# Special 510 (k) - PATHFAST® CK-MB-I1 Calibrator 1

# 510(k) SUMMARY

September 4, 2013

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: _ k130628

CONTACT:

Judi Smith   
Precision for Medicine   
2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 850   
Bethesda, MD 20814   
on behalf of:   
Mitsubishi Chemical Medience Corporation   
2-8, Shibaura 4-chome, Minato-ku   
Tokyo, 108-8559 Japan

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

# PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator I

Common/Classification Names:

Calibrator

Regulation Number:

862.1150

Product Code:

JIT

OCT 0 4 2013

Class:

II

# PREDICATE DEVICE:

.PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator 1 which is supplied with the PATH-IFAST CK-MB-II Test [k081360, 8/17/2008]

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

INTENDED USE:

The PATHFAST® CK-MB-II Calibrators are for calibration of the PATHFAST® system when used for the quantitative determination of creatine kinase-MB in human heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma.

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION:

The PATHFAST CK-MB-Il Calibrators are used for calibration of the PATHFAST CK-MB-lI test performed on the PATHFAST instrument. PATHFAST CK-MB-Il test is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative

# Special 510 (k) - PATHFAST CK-MB-11 Calibrator 1

measurement of creatine kinase-MB in heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma.

Currently. PATHAST CK-MB-II Calibrators 1 and 2 are provided as lyophilized products of two vials each. Calibrator I consists of saline and a preservative, and Calibrator 2 consists of CK-MB in buffer. Four vials of calibrator diluent also are provided for reconstitution of the calibrators. The diluent consists of an aqueous solution with $0 . 0 5 \%$ sodium azide. This Special $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ is being submitted for a change to a liquid Calibrator I formulation and a new dropper bottle container. There are no changes to PATHFAST CK-MB-Il Calibrator 2. As a result of elimination of the reconstitution step for PATHFAST CK-MB-I1 Calibrator I, the number of bottles of Calibrator Diluent is being reduced from four bottles to two bottles.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:

The PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator 1 (liquid format) is substantially equivalent to the PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator 1 (lyophilized format) (K081 360) in intended use and design. The similarities and differences are listed below.

Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST CK-MB-IICalibrator 1Lyophilized(predicate device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST CK-MB-IICalibrator 1Liquid(Modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA SubmissionNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k081360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>k130628</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PATHFAST® CK-MB-I1Calibrators are for calibration ofthe PATHFAST® system whenused for the quantitativedetermination of creatine kinase-MB in human heparinized orEDTA whole blood and plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FundamentalScientificTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CK-MB concentration = 0ng/mL. Provides zero analytelevel for user calibration curve.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ValueAssignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary calibrator, mastercalibrator, stock solution,working calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instructions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dispense approximately 100 μLof CAL-1 and CAL-2 in sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr></table>

# Special 510 (k) - PATHFAST® CK-MB-I1 Calibrator 1

<table><tr><td></td><td>wells to load on PATHFAST.</td><td></td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST CK-MB-IICalibrator 1Lyophilized(predicate device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST CK-MB-IICalibrator 1Liquid(Modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized MOPS pH7.2.lactose, and enzyme free humanserum, DTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid saline solution with 0.05%sodium azide as preservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silicon-coated glass bottle withsilicon rubber and plastic screwcap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polypropylene droplet bottle withhigh density polyethylene nozzleand polypropylene screw cap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorQuantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL-1 (1mL lyophilized×2vials)CAL-2 (lmL lyophilized×2vials)Calibrator Diluent (ImL×4bottles</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL-1 (2mL liquid×1bottle)CAL-2 (ImL-lyophilized ×2vials)(no change)Calibrator Diluent (I mL×2bottles)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instructions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute each vial of CAL-Iand CAL-2 with one bottle(I mL) of Calibrator Diluent.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute CAL-2 with onebottle (I mL) of CalibratorDiluent.</td></tr></table>

As part of the company's Design Control system, the following validation/verifications studies were performed.

Formulation: assay sensitivity, Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection, Limit of Quantitation, accuracy, method comparison, matrix comparison, and precision Format: real time stability   
Container: elution and evaporation

The results of the validation and verification testing demonstrate that the modified PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator 1 met all pre-established acceptance criteria for the studies identified in the company's design control system Risk Analysis. Therefore, the modified PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator I' is substantially equivalent to the current 510(k)-cleared PATHFAST CK-MB-II Calibrator 1.

October 4, 2013

Mitsubishi Chemical Medience Corporation   
c/o Ms. Judi Smith   
2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 850   
Bethesda, MD 20814

Re: K130628 Tradc/Device Name: PATHFAST CK-MB-II CALIBRATORS Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT Dated: September 04, 2013 Received: September 05, 2013

Dear Ms. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification o intent to marke thedevice referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed inintertate comerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments. or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarkct approval application (PMA). You  thee mare theei sj  the al nto pvisis  t T geal controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information relatcd to contract liability warranties.We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Ifyur device s classied ee above into citherclass I (Special Controls) or class  (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations afecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 1. Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Fedcral Register.

Please be advised thal FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Fedcral agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Interet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
hutp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from thc Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internel address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDcvices/ResoureesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.

Courtncy H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): K130628

Device Name: PATHFAST® CK-MB-II Calibrators

Indication For Use:

The PATHFAST® CK-MB-II Calibrators are for calibration of the PATHFAST® system when used for the quantitative determination of creatine kinase-MB in human heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler -S

Division Sign-Off Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiological Health

510(k) k130628