# Special 510 (k) - PATHFAST® cTnI Calibrator 1

# 510(k) SUMMARY

February 28, 2014

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: __K130603

CONTACT:

Judi Smith   
Precision for Medicine   
2 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 850   
Bethesda, MD 20814   
on behalf of:   
Mitsubishi Chemical Medience Corporation   
2-8, Shibaura 4-chome, Minato-ku   
Tokyo, 108-8559 Japan

NAME OF DEVICE: Trade Name:

PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1

Common/Classification Names:

Calibrator

Regulation Number:

862.1250

Product Code:

JIT

Class:

II

PREDICATE DEVICE:

# PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1 which is supplied with the PATHFAST cTnI-II Test [K100130, 5/16/2011]

# DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

INTENDED USE:

The PATHFAST® cTnl Calibrators are for calibration of the PATHFAST® system when used for the quantitative determination of cardiac Troponin I in human heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma.

# PRODUCT DESCRIPTION:

The PATHFAST cTnl Calibrators are for calibration of the PATHFAST cTnI-II test performed on the PATHFAST instrument. PATHFAST cTnI-II test is an in vitro diagnostic test for the quantitative measurement of cardiac Troponin I (cTnl) in heparinized or EDTA whole blood and plasma. Measurements of

# Special 510 (k) - PATHFAST® cTnI Calibrator 1 510(k) SUMMARY (cont.)

cardiac Troponin I are used as an aid in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction.

Currently, PATHAST cTnl Calibrators 1 and 2 are provided as lyophilized products of two vials each. Calibrator 1 consists of buffer only and Calibrator 2 consists of cTnI complex in buffer. Four vials of calibrator diluent also are provided for reconstitution of the calibrators. The diluent consists of an aqueous solution with $0 . 0 5 \%$ sodium azide. This Special 510(k) is being submitted for a change to a liquid Calibrator 1 formulation and a new dropper bottle container. There are no changes to PATHFAST cTnl Calibrator 2. As a result of elimination of the reconstitution step for PATHFAST cTnl Calibrator 1, the number of bottles of Calibrator Diluent is being reduced from four bottles to two bottles.

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:

The PATHFAST cTnl Calibrator 1 (liquid format) is substantially equivalent to the PATHFAST cTnl Calibrator 1 (lyophilized format) (K100130) in intended use and design. The similarities and differences are listed below.

Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SIMILARITIES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1Lyophilized(predicate device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1Liquid(Modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FDA SubmissionNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K100130</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The PATHFAST® cTnlCalibrators are for calibration ofthe PATHFAST® system whenused for the quantitativedetermination of cardiac TroponinI in human heparinized or EDTAwhole blood and plasma.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FundamentalScientificTechnology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cTnl concentration = 0 ng/mL.Provides zero analyte level foruser calibration curve.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ValueAssignment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Primary calibrator, mastercalibrator, stock solution,working calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instructions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dispense approximately 100 μLof CAL-1 and CAL-2 in samplewells to load on PATHFAST.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No change</td></tr></table>

# Special 510 (k) - PATHFAST® cTnl Calibrator 1 510(k) SUMMARY (cont.)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>DIFFERENCES</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1Lyophilized(predicate device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1Liquid(Modified)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Formulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized MES pH 6.0,lactose, and enzyme free humanserum, DTT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid saline solution with 0.05%sodium azide as preservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilized</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator 1Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Silicon-coated glass bottle withsilicone rubber and plastic screwcap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Polypropylene droplet bottle withhigh density polyethylene nozzleand polypropylene screw cap</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorQuantity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL-1 (ImL lyophilizedx2vials)CAL-2 (1mL lyophilized×2vials)Calibrator Diluent (1 mL×4bottles)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CAL-1 (2mL liquid× Ibottle)CAL-2 (1mL lyophilized ×2vials)(no change)Calibrator Diluent (1 mL×2bottles)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instructions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute each vial of CAL-1and CAL-2 with one bottle(1mL) of Calibrator Diluent.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reconstitute CAL-2 with onebottle (ImL) of CalibratorDiluent.</td></tr></table>

As part of the company's Design Control system, the following validation/verifications studies were performed.

Formulation: assay sensitivity, accuracy, and precision, method comparison,   
sample type and matrix comparison   
Format: real time stability   
Container: elution and evaporation

The results of the validation and verification testing demonstrate that the modified PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator l met all specifications for the studies identified in the company's design control system Risk Analysis. Therefore, the modified PATHFAST cTnl Calibrator 1 is substantially equivalent to the current 510(k)-cleared PATHFAST cTnI Calibrator 1.

March 27, 2014

MITSUBISHI CHEMICAL MEDIENCE CORPORATION   
C/O JUDI SMITH   
2 BETHESDA METRO CENTER   
SUITE 850   
BETHESDA MD 20814

Rc: K130603 Trade/Device Name: PATHFAST cTnl Calibrators Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1 150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: 11 Product Code: JIT Dated: March 18. 2014 Received: March 19. 2014

Dear Ms. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally markcted predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to evis ha hav been rcassi rdance ith the proviions  teFedeal FoDr. and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may. thereforc, market the device. subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration. listing of devices. good manufacturing practice. labeling. and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you. however. that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I1 (Special Controls) or class II (PMA). it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination thal your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements. including. but not limited to: registration and listing (2| CFR Part 807): labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809): medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803): good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act): 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If yu dese specific advice for your device on ur labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809). please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Asisnce at s to1l-free number (800) 638 2041 (301) 796-7100 r at  Inter adress http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm. Also. please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by refcrence to premarket notification" (21CFR Par 0.9. For quesin garig the eori  ver vets nder he MD ulatn 1 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safcty/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Acl from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frce number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours.

# Courtney H. Lias -S

Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Ruth A. Chesler -S

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

\*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW."

The burden time or his colection  information is estmated to average7hours per response, includig e time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."