# 510(k) Summary

# 1 Administrative

Device Information Device Name:

Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 1   
Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 2   
Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 3   
Quality Control   
JJS   
21 CFR 862.1660   
Class I, Reserved   
Clinical Chemistry

Common Name: Product Code: Registration Number: Classification: Classification Panel:

Submitter   
Company Name:   
ER Number:   
Address:   
Radiometer Medical ApS   
3002807968   
Aakandevej 21   
2700 Broenshoej   
Denmark   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 3827   
$+ 4 5$ 3827 2727

Phone: Fax:

# 2 Description of Device

Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK is a three level quality control system consisting of:

• Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 1 (S7930) Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 2 (S7940) Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 3 (S7950)

Each level consists of 30 ampoules per box. One ampoule contains 2 mL of solution.

The quality control solution is an aqueous solution containing a biological buffer, salts, glucose, lactate, dyes and a preservative, and it is equilibrated with carbon dioxide and oxygen.

# 3 Intended Use

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use. This Range+ QUALICHECK solution is an assayed quality control system for evaluating the accuracy and precision of all parameters listed on the insert specifying the control ranges.

Analytes are:

pH, pCO2, p02, ctHb, s02, FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb, FHbF , $^ { c \kappa + }$ , cNa+, cCa2+,cCl, cGlu, cLac, ctBil

# 4 Substantial Equivalence

The Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 1-3 is substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate:

510(k) Number/Device Manufacture: k980135 QUALICHECK5+, Radiometer Medical ApS

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">2 t4          Similarities:          °</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IIssuda   </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: QUALICHECK5+ (K980135)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Base matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aqueous solution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Preservatives</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProClin 950</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open Vial Claim</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampoules should be conditioned for at least five hoursat a constant temperature between 18 °C and 32 °before use. To maintain the reliability of the blood gasparameters, you must use the contents of the ampouleimmediately after opening and according to theinstructions in the operator's manual for the relevantanalyser.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blood GasMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pO2, pCO2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OximetryMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctHb, sO FO2Hb, FCOHb, FMetHb</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectrolyteMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cK+, cNa+,cCa^{²+, cCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MetaboliteMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cGlucose, cLactate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HemoglobinMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ctBil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compatibleanalyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">•     ABL700/705/710/715/720/725/730/735ABL805/810/815/820/825/830/ 835ABL80 - OSM SWABL90 FLEX</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">·  3                    : "(                Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Issue</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SE Device       </td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate: QUALICHECK5+(K980135)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.This Range+ QUALICHECKsolution is an assayedquality control system forevaluating the accuracy andprecision of all parameterslisted on the insertspecifying the controlranges.Analytes are:pH, pCO2, pO2, ctHb, sO2,FOHb, FCOHb, FMetHb, FHbF,cK+, cNat, cCa²+, cCl, cGlu,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.This QUALICHECK5+ solutionis an assayed quality controlsystem for evaluating theaccuracy and precision of allparameters listed on the insertspecifying the control ranges.For professional use.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 °C to 8 °C until expirationdate5 hours between 18 - 32°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 °C to 25 °C until expirationdate, including up to a total of15 days at up to 32 °C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oximetry Measurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FHbf in Level 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FHbf in all four levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Three levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Four levels</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target ranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target ranges, see Section12.02 Target values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target ranges, see Section12.02 Target values</td></tr></table>

# 5 Stability

Stability studies and claims are based on real-time study. Control solutions are stable for 2 years at $2 - 8 \circ _ { \mathsf { C } }$ .

In-use Stability: Ampoules should be conditioned for at least 5 hours at a constant temperature between 18-32°C before use. The contents should be used immediately after opening.

# 6 Value Assignment

To determine the assigned values and control ranges for Range+ QUALICHECK, six (6) trays of 1000 ampoules are sampled randomly from the Range+ QUALICHECK batch. Twelve ampoules are sampled from each of the trays and 72 ampoules are sampled from the reference batch. The samples are conditioned and shaken at 25°C in a water bath for 6 hours. Measurements are performed on a minimum of 3 validated ABL7xx series devices with data collection. Measurement of each parameter is performed alternately on the reference ampoule and the sample ampoule and repeated 12 times on each ABL7xx for a total of 144 measurements. Target ranges are calculated based on the mean ±2SD.

# 7 Conclusion

The Range $^ +$ QUALICHECK Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 are substantially equivalent in Intended Use, fundamental scientific technology, features, and characteristics to the predicate device: QUALICHECK5 $^ +$ (K980135).

# March 15, 2013

Radiometer Medical Aps c/o Martin Gabler Regulatory Affairs Akandevej 21 2700 Bronshoj, Denmark

Re: k130236 Trade/Device Name: Range+ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 1 Range+ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 2 Range+ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJS Dated: January 24, 2013 Received: February 8, 2013

Dear Mr. Gabler:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register:

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucmI 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k130236

Device Name: Range+ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 1   
Range+ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 2   
Range+ QUALICHECK, LEVEL 3

Indications for Use:

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use. This Range+ QUALICHECK solution is an assayed quality control system for evaluating the accuracy and precision of all parameters listed on the insert specifying the control ranges.

Analytes are:

$\mathsf { p H } .$ $\mathfrak { p C O } _ { 2 } .$ $\mathsf { p O } _ { 2 }$ ,ctHb, $\mathbf { s } \mathbf { O } _ { 2 }$ $\mathrm { F O } _ { 2 } \mathrm { H b }$ , FCOHb, FMetHb, FHbF, $\mathbf { c K } ^ { + }$ ,cNa\*, cCa^{}, cCl, cGlu, cLac, ctBil

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

# Yung Wchan -S