# 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1 990 and 21 CFR $\ S 8 0 7 . 9 2$ .

The Assigned 510(k) number is _k130284

# Submitter's Identification:

ACON Laboratories. Inc.   
10125 Mesa Rim Road   
San Diego, California 92121   
Tel.: 858-875-8019   
Fax: 858-875-8099   
Date Prepared: December 12, 2013

# Contact Person:

Qiyi Xie Senior Staff, Clinical & Regulatory Affairs

Proprietary Name of the Device: $\mathfrak { W }$ EMPY On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Common Name: Glucose Test System

# Classification Name:

Class II §862.1345 Glucose Test System

# Predicate Device:

On Call® Vivid Blood Glucose Monitoring System   
ACON Laboratories. Inc., located at 10125 Mesa Rim Road. CA 92121. USA. 510(k) Number: K112653

$\mathfrak { W }$ Device Name: On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proprietary Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Description</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Common Name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On Call SharpRBlood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1345Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 NBW</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System, Test,Blood Glucose,Prescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">UOn Call SharpBlood Glucose.Meter and On Call®Sharp BloodGlucose Test Strips</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1345Class II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 LFR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Monitor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose Meter &amp;Test Strips</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3On Call"SharpGlucose ControlSolution</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.1660Class I,reserved</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75 JJX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single AnalyteControl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Solution</td></tr></table>

# Description:

The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System is a quantitative assay for the detection of glucose in capillary whole blood sampled from the fingertip, palm and forearm. The glucose measurement is achieved by using the amperometric detection method.

The test strip has a reagent system including flavin adenine dinucleotide-glucose dehydrogenase (GDH-FAD) enzyme chemistry and a mediator that reacts with glucose in the whole blood sample to produce an electrical current. This current is measured by the meter, and after calculation by the meter, the blood glucose concentration reading is displayed on the meter display, calibrated to a plasma reference.

# Intended Use:

The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood from the fingertips. forearm and palm by people with diabetes at home as an aid in monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control programs. Alternative site testing should be done only during steady-state times (when blood glucose level is not changing rapidly). The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended to be used by a single patient and should not be shared. It is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System in not intended for the diagnosis of or screening for diabetes, nor intended for use on neonates.

The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Test Strips are used with the On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Meter in the quantitative measurement of glucose in capillary blood from the fingertips. forearm and palm."

The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Control Solutions are for use with the On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Meter and On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Test Strips to check that the meter and test strips are working together properly and the test is performing correctly.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use

# Technological Characteristics:

Specification of Blood Glucose Meter:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specification</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurement Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 600 mg/dL (1.1-33.3 mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma-equivalent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh capillary whole blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleSize</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) CR 2032 3.0V coin cell batteries</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum of 1,000 measurements (without considering datatransfer and test reminder alarms)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The meter is pre-set at time of manufacturing to either millimolesper liter (mmol/L) or milligrams per deciliter (mg/dL) dependingon the standard of your country. The meter will be set to mg/dLby default when sold in the United States.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 500 records with time and date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.58&quot; x 2.28* x 0.83**</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Display Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.58&quot; x 1.42&quot;</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 60 g (without battery installed)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-45°C (50-113°F)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90% (non-condensing)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-70%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9600 baud, 8 data bits, I stop bit, no parity</td></tr></table>

# Comparison to Predicate Devices:

® The On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to $\mathfrak { W }$ The On Call Vivid Blood Glucose Monitoring System. K 1 12653.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call® Sharp Blood GlucoseMonitoring System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>On Call® Vivid Blood GlucoseMonitoring System (K112653)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>×                      Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Calibration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Plasma-equivalent</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fresh capillary whole blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Units ofMeasure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operating RelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-90%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>One Serial data port</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementRange</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 to 600 mg/dL (1.1-33.3mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic Shutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two minutes after last user action</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Battery Life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum of 1,000 measurements(without considering data transferand test reminder alarms)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimum SampleSize</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Auto Coding by meter automaticrecognition of the intended codingafter strip insertion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Memory</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Up to 500 records with time anddate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Power Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) CR 2032 3.0 V coin cellbatteries</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Size</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.53 x 2.28&quot; x 0.85&quot;(89.6mm x 58mm x 21.7mm)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Weight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approx. 60 g (with batteryinstalled)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-70%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20-70%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1045°C (50-113°F)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>545°C (41-113°F)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FAD-dependent GlucoseDehydrogenase biosensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose Oxidase biosensor</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter DisplayBacklight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Strip PortLight</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr></table>

# Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence are as follows:

Guidance documents included the "FDA Guidance for Industry In Vitro Diagnostic Glucose Test System" and "FDA Guidance for Total Product Life Cycle for Portable Invasive Blood Glucose Monitoring Systems" as well as "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices."

Compliance to applicable voluntary standards includes EN ISO 15197:2003 "In vitro diagnostic test systems  Requirements for in vitro whole blood glucose monitoring systems intended for use by patients for self testing in management of diabetes mellitus."

# Laboratory Testing:

The performance characteristics of the On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System were evaluated by performing the following studies: repeatability precision, intermediate precision. linearity, interfering agents, hematocrit effect, temperature effect evaluation  blood & control solution, low battery efect, altiude effect, ample volumehuidity efect, simulated shiping study  test strip & control solution, control value assignment, meter testing, software validation testing, electromagnetic compatibility and electrical safety testing as part of meter and strip validation testing.

# Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

Clinical studies were conducted with lay persons and trained laboratory technicians using the On $\mathfrak { W }$   
Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System. The study data were presented evaluating the $\mathfrak { W }$   
system accuracy of the On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System compared to the YSI   
Model 2300 STAT PLUS (K913806) per the ACON Clinical Study Protocol for the Blood   
Glucose Monitoring System. Study results indicate that nonprofessional, inexperienced lay   
persons were able to obtain comparable blood glucose readings when using the On Call Sharp   
Blood Glucose Monitoring System as compared to the results obtained by the trained technicians.   
In addition, the participating lay persons were questioned and responded as satisfied with the   
ease of operation by following the Instructions for Use in the User's Manual and the overall $\curvearrowleft$   
performance of the On Call " Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System.

# Conclusion:

The laboratory testing and clinical study results demonstrate that the On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System is safe, effective and easy-to-use. It also demonstrates that the On $\mathfrak { W }$ EMPY   
Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System meets the accuracy requirements per EN ISO 15197 and as such is substantially equivalent to the On Call® Vivid Blood Glucose Monitoring System, currently sold on the U.S. market (K 1 12653).

# December 20, 2013

ACON LABORATORIES, INC. QIYI VIE, M.D., MPH 10125 MESA RIM ROAD SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K130284 Trade/Device Name: On Call Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, LFR, JX Dated: December 18, 2013 Received: December 18, 2013

Dear Dr. Vie:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class IIl (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney Lias, Ph. D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

510(k) Number (f known) k 130284

Device Name On Caill Sharp Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The OnCh Bu sharedor in vit dignostc usy.

e OnC ise on nconates.

Ch  h Caha BMe of glucose in capillary blood from the fingertips, forearm and palm."

CaSha Booc  SohCaha Blc Met   S .

# FORM FDA 3881 (9/13)