# 510(k) Summary k131595

This summary of the 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submited in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92

2 Submitter Eurotrol B.V. Keplerlaan 20 6716 BS Ede, The Netherlands T $+ 3 1$ 318 695777 F $+ 3 1$ 318 695770 E office@eurotrol.com

3Submitter Contact Paul B.P. Kooijmans Regulatory Affairs manager Eurotrol B.V. Keplerlaan 20 6716 BS Ede, The Netherlands T $+ 3 1$ 318 695777 F $+ 3 1$ 318 695770 E pkooijmans@eurotrol.com

# 4Device identification

Proprietary Name: Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM Common Name: Blood gas, electrolyte and metabolite control Classification Name: Class I, reserved Product code: JJY; Multi-analyte controls, all kinds (assayed) (21 CFR 862.1660)

5Predicate Device Device Name: Roche Combitrol Plus B, Manufacturer: Bionostics, Inc., 510(k) number: k032453, Decision Date: 08/28/2003

# Intended Use

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC is an assayed aqueous quality control material for professional use in the verification of the precision and accuracy of the Abbott i-STAT® POCT analyzer. It is intended that Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC should be used in the periodic verification of the precision and accuracy of the Abbott i-STAT POCT analyzer when measuring: pH, pO2, pCO2, $N a t$ , $\mathsf { K } +$ $\mathtt { C a + + }$ , Cl-, Glucose, Lactate, Urea, Creatinine, TCO2 and Hematocrit.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM is an assayed aqueous blood gas, electrolyte and metabolite control material for professional use suitable for calibration verification of the Abbott i-STAT® POCT analyzer.

It is intended that Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM should be used in the periodic verification of the precision and accuracy of the Abbott i-STAT POCT analyzer when measuring: pH. pO2, pCO2, $\aleph a +$ , $\mathsf { \kappa } +$ $\mathtt { C a + + }$ , Cl-, Glucose, Lactate, Urea, Creatinine, TCO2 and Hematocrit.

# Device description

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC quality controls are prepared using salts in an aqueous, physiologically buffered matrix. Tonometry with predetermined levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide balanced with nitrogen and different salt concentrations provides distinct levels for each parameter,

simulating clinically significant ranges of acid-base and electrolyte balance, respiratory function, glucose, lactate, urea and creatinine concentrations, within the reportable range of the Abbott iSTAT POCT analyzer.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC is a non-hazardous aqueous solution that contains no biological materials.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC provides three (3) physiological relevant levels, each ampule containing $2 . 5 \mathsf { m L }$ of solution.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC is packed in a carton box containing 10 ampules of a separate level.

# Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM provides five (5) physiological relevant levels, each ampule containing $2 . 5 \mathsf { m L }$ of solution. Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM quality controls are prepared using salts in an aqueous, physiologically buffered matrix. Tonometry with predetermined levels of oxygen and carbon dioxide balanced with nitrogen and different salt concentrations provides five (5) distinct levels for each parameter, simulating clinically significant ranges of acid-base and electrolyte balance, respiratory function, glucose, ladate, urea and creatinine concentrations, within the reportable range of the Abbott i-STAT POCT analyzer.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM is a non-hazardous aqueous solution that contains no biological materials.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM provides five (5) physiological relevant levels, each ampule containing $2 . 5 ~ \mathsf { m L }$ of solution.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM is packed in a carton box containing a set of 5 ampules; one ampule of each level.

# 8. Special Instrument Required

For an appropriate use of Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM the use of the Abbott i-STAT System, including test cartridges, is required.

# Predicate Device Comparison

Comparison of Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM to the predicate device for substantial equivalence:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>New Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche Combitrol Plus B</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>510(k), date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K032453, 08/28/2003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number oflevels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>- Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC: 3- Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM: 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, pO2, pCO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, CI-,Glucose, Lactate, Urea, Creatinine,TCO2 and Hematocrit (Conductivity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH, blood gases, Na+, K+,iCa++ Cl-, Li+, iMg++, Glucose,Lactate, BUN, Creatinine, tHb,Hb derivatives and bilirubin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Container</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear glass ampules</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear glass ampules</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FillingVolume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,5 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,7 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Color</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clear, colorless</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Red</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storagetemperature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 - 8°C/35 - 46°F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 -8°C/35- 46°F</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verification of the precision andaccuracy of the Abbott i-STAT POCTand cartridges.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>To be used to monitor and evaluatethe analytical performance of theRoche OMNI S for analytes listed inthe package insert.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MatrixMaterials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct controls areprepared using salts in aphysiologically buffered aqueousmatrix. Tonometry with predeterminedlevels of oxygen and carbon dioxidebalanced with nitrogen and differentsalt concentrations provide five distinctlevels for each parameter.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buffered, aqueous electrolyte solutionequilibrated with carbon dioxide andoxygen gas mixture</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OpenAmpuleStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Use immediately and only use onceafter opening</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot specific</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months at 2-8°C10 days at 20-25°C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months at 2-8°C3 months at room temperature</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Where used</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Laboratories, Point of Caretesting sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Laboratories, Intensive CareUnits (ICU), Emergency Rooms (ER),Operating rooms (OR), Remote orSTAT-labs, Recovery Rooms,Neonatal Units and Renal Dialysis.</td></tr></table>

# 10. Standards and guidelines reference

CLSI EP5-A2; Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition, Vol 24, No. 25, August 2004   
CLSI EP25-A; Evaluation of Stability of In Vitro Diagnostic Reagents; Approved Guideline, Vol 29, No. 20, September 2009

# 11. Stability

Real time stability studies have been performed for Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GASISE Hct LVM. The claimed stability is 24 months when the product is stored at $2 . 8 \%$ 10 days when the product is stored unopened at room temperature and 30 seconds after opening the ampules.

# 12. Value Assignment

Multiple replicates of test samples are measured at the beginning and end of the production run on various analyzers for metabolites and on blood gas analyzers for blood gas and pH values. Values are assigned on the Abbott i-STAT 300 System, using multiple cartridges of the latest available batches of the following cartridge types: $\cos 4 +$ $0 G 8 +$ $\mathsf { E C 8 + }$ , CHEM8+ and Crea. Values are determined by taking the mean of multiple determinations performed on randomly selected samples from each lot. Ranges are assigned using pre-determined intervals. Value assignment is performed for each lot of Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM and for each new software (CLEW) update of the Abbott i-STAT 300 System.

1

The assigned values of each batch are available on a value sheet as per the example in Annex 1.   
on page 4 - 7.

# 13. Traceability

The different levels of Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM are traceable to the reference materials as shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Material</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM: 186 I/II, 185, 187, 191 and 192</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM: 1674b, 2625a, 2658a and 2659a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM: 1674b, 2625a, 2658a and 2659a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Na+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 956b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 956b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 956b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CI-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 956b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 965c</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biomed DuoCal Multi 10260</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precipath U plus 159955 + Precinorm U plus 157249</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NIST SRM 967a</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hematocrit(Conductivity)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hanna Instruments Conductivity Standard 1.413 mS/cmHanna Instruments Conductivity Standard 5.000 mS/cmHanna Instruments Conductivity Standard 12.88 mS/cm</td></tr></table>

ASS c C AS-IS c .

# 14. Conclusion

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC and Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM is intended to be used for the same intended use as the predicate and performs similarly as the predicate device.

<table><tr><td>Hct QC</td><td colspan="3">LOT 17401215</td><td colspan="2">Level 1 2014-09</td></tr><tr><td>Abbott i-STAT</td><td colspan="3">17401215</td><td></td><td colspan="3">CLEW: A26/C26/H26/J26</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>All cartridge types, all lot numbers Units</td><td>x (Mean)</td><td></td><td colspan="3">R (Range)</td></tr><tr><td>pH</td><td>1</td><td>6.973</td><td></td><td>6.893 - 7.054</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>pCO2</td><td>mmHg</td><td>73.0</td><td></td><td>58.6 · 87.4</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>po2</td><td>kPa mmHg</td><td>9.71 66</td><td></td><td>7.80 · 11.62 46 - 86</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>kPa</td><td>8.7</td><td></td><td>6.1 - 11.4</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Na K*</td><td>mmolL, mEq/L</td><td>119 2.7</td><td></td><td>115 - 124 2.3 - 3.1</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>mmoll, mEq/l mmotl</td><td>1.40</td><td></td><td>1.29 - 1.51</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>ICa*</td><td>mEq/L</td><td>2.8 5.6</td><td></td><td>2.6 - 3.0 5.2 - 6.0</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>cr</td><td>mg/dL mmolL, mEq/L</td><td>83</td><td></td><td>77 - 88</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>tCO2</td><td>mmolL, mEqL</td><td>19</td><td></td><td>10 -28</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Glucosel</td><td>mgidL</td><td>303</td><td></td><td>257 - 349</td><td colspan="3"></td></tr><tr><td>Glu</td><td>g/L mmoVL</td><td>3.03 16.8</td><td></td><td colspan="3">2.57 - 3.49 14.2 - 19.4</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Lactate/</td><td>mmoiL</td><td>8.49</td><td colspan="3">7.57 - 9.41</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Lac</td><td>mgtL</td><td>76.5</td><td colspan="3">68.2 - 84.8</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>g/L</td><td>0.765</td><td></td><td colspan="3">0.682 - 0.848</td></tr><tr><td>BUNN</td><td>mg/dL</td><td>61</td><td></td><td colspan="3">54 - 69</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>mmolL</td><td>21.9</td><td></td><td colspan="3">19.4 - 24.5</td></tr><tr><td>Urea</td><td>mg/dL</td><td>132</td><td></td><td colspan="3">116 - 147</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>9r</td><td>1.32</td><td></td><td colspan="3">1.16 - 1.47</td></tr><tr><td>Creatinine/</td><td>umovL</td><td>324</td><td colspan="3">248 - 400</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Crea</td><td>mg/dL</td><td>3.7</td><td colspan="3">2.8 - 4.5</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hct</td><td>%PCV</td><td>17</td><td colspan="3">14 - 20</td><td></td></tr></table>

9 9 +83 '+ 'tg 't80   

<table><tr><td colspan="4">LOT F, G, H, Jor K</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Units</td><td>(Mean)</td><td>R (Range)</td></tr><tr><td>pH</td><td>1</td><td>6.943</td><td>6.893 - 6.993</td></tr><tr><td>PCO2</td><td>mmHg</td><td>77.4</td><td>67.4 - 87.4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>kPa</td><td>10.29</td><td>8.96 - 11.62</td></tr><tr><td>Na*</td><td>mmolL, mEqi</td><td>19</td><td>115 - 123</td></tr><tr><td>K*</td><td>mmolL, mEq/L</td><td>2.7</td><td>23 - 3.1</td></tr><tr><td>Cr</td><td>mmol/L, mEq/L</td><td>83</td><td>78 - 88</td></tr><tr><td>Glucosel</td><td>mg/dl</td><td>307</td><td>265 - 349</td></tr><tr><td>Glu</td><td>g/L</td><td>3.07</td><td>2.65 - 3.49</td></tr><tr><td>BUN</td><td>mmovL</td><td>17.1</td><td>14.7 · 19.4</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>mg/dl</td><td>61</td><td>54 -68</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Urea</td><td>mmoVL</td><td>21.9</td><td>19.4 - 24.4</td></tr><tr><td>mg/dl</td><td>131</td><td>116 - 146</td></tr><tr><td>g/</td><td>1.31</td><td>1.16 - 1.46</td></tr><tr><td>Hct</td><td>%PCV</td><td>17</td><td>14 - 20</td></tr></table>

\*p9\* 9 81 '+E9 '+993 '+193 '+89)   

<table><tr><td>abe</td><td>65024569</td><td>962989</td><td>86&#x27;6 · 082</td><td>101∠9 18 ·19</td><td>10-916</td><td>23-32</td><td>111251</td><td>2&#x27;0 ·90 0&#x27;9 00 *</td><td>258  232 25E - 622</td><td>1211 288  338</td><td>2422</td><td>256252</td><td>88 889</td><td>80802890 </td></tr><tr><td>(Uaw)</td><td>$00°2</td><td></td><td>a</td><td>8 B</td><td>8</td><td>2</td><td>1 2</td><td>6</td><td>A B</td><td>E</td><td>a</td><td>120</td><td></td><td>F</td></tr><tr><td>Suuh</td><td></td><td>bih</td><td>e</td><td>bu e</td><td>703w howw</td><td></td><td>7b3w oww voww</td><td>730 p/bu</td><td>T/buU a</td><td>Moww </td><td>nown 7p/bu</td><td>yoww</td><td>Tp/6w</td><td>d% 1</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>e</td><td>ou</td><td></td><td>2</td><td></td><td>3</td><td>cco55</td><td>a</td><td>cecine</td><td>O</td><td>teette </td><td>$\frac}$</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>P10]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>eb)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118  123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>18·L11216512&#x27; -900&#x27;9 20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAE  2SA23E -2321188276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 -80022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69 · 99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>158225L12112111·211</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1040</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(eaw)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>a</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tuuh</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7b3wo</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7b3w oww</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vb3w voww</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Moww7o30p/bu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p/bunoww</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Vo3o</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7nown7p/bu</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p/u</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mnoww</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ad%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cetooe</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>crenO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

July 26, 2013

Eurotrol B.V.   
C/O Paul B.P. Kooijmans   
Keplerlaan 20   
6716 BS Ede, The Netherlands

Re: K131595 Trade/Device Name: Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: 1 Reserved Product Code: JJY Dated: June 20, 2013 Received: June 21, 2013

Dear Mr. Kooijmans:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to evics ha av bee ecassirdance wi e rovisns eFedeal Foo r and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with al the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labcling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm1 15809.htm for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Par .9For questions regarding the reporting oadverse events under the MDR regulation 1 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k131595

Device Name: Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM

Indications for Use:

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC   
Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC is an assayed aqueous quality control material for professional use in the verification of the precision and accuracy of the Abbott i-STAT® POCT analyzer.   
It is intended that Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC should be used in the periodic verification of the precision and accuracy of the Abbott i-STAT POCT analyzer when measuring: pH, pO2, pCO2, $N a +$ , $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Ca++, Cl-, Glucose, Lactate, Urea, Creatinine, TCO2 and Hematocrit.   
Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct QC is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM is an assayed aqueous blood gas, electrolyte and metabolite control material for professional use suitable for calibration verification of the Abbott i-STAT® POCT analyzer.

It is intended that Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM should be used in the periodic verification of the precision and accuracy of the Abbott i-STAT POCT analyzer when measuring: pH, pO2, pCO2, Na+, $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ . $\cos + t$ , Cl-, Glucose, Lactate, Urea, Creatinine, TCO2 and Hematocrit.

Eurotrol GAS-ISE Hct LVM is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Prescription Use _ (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEDED)