K131419

# 510(k) Summary

(As required by 21 CFR 807.92)

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following informationprovides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination ofsubstantial equivalence.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of 510(k)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Special 510(k)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SubmitterInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">i-SENS, Inc.27-36, Gwangun-ro, Nowon-gu, Seoul 139-845, KoreaTel.) +82-33-903-0767Fax) +82-33-748-6191                                              AUG 0 9 2013e-mail: cylim@i-sens.comContact Person: Chae Yun Lim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prepared Date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">May 15, 2013</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device NameandClassification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trade name: ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring SystemCommon name: Blood Glucose Test SystemClassification product code: NBW, CGARegulation number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Glucose Test SystemClassification panel: 75, ChemistryDevice class: Class II</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceInformation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device name: ACURA PLUS Blood Glucose Monitoring System510(k) number: k103278</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceDescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System (BGMS) consists ofan ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Meter, ACURA PLUS Multi BloodGlucose Test Strips, and ACURA PLUS Control Solutions with three differentglucose concentrations ("Control 1", "Control 2", and "Control 3" ranges).The ACURA PLUS Multi BGMS are based on an electrochemical biosensortechnology (electrochemical). The System measures the glucose level in wholeblood samples using a small electrical current generated in the test strips. ACURAPLUS Control Solutions are used to test the performance of the system with aknown range of glucose.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for thequantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawnfrom the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf.Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucoseconditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro) and isintended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid tomonitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and isnot for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.The ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the ACURAPLUS Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in freshcapillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison tothe PredicateDevice</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The candidate device and the predicate device consist of the same meter and teststrips. And the measurement principle, fundamental scientific technology,operating ranges, and performance characteristics of the candidate device are thesame as those of the predicate device. However, they have separate names becauseof the different indications for use (single- vs. multiple-patient use). Also, thereare some label changes made in accordance with the changed indications for use.Both devices use same control solutions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quantitative, Amperometric method, Glucose oxidase (Aspergillus sp.)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The reagent on the test strip produces a small electrical current using glucose as asubstrate in the blood sample. The meter converts electrical current to glucoseconcentration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Summary ofPre-cleaningand Disinfection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The device is intended for multiple patients use in a professional healthcaresetting. Disinfection study was performed on the meter by an outside commercialtesting service to evaluate effectiveness of disinfectant, CLOROX GERMICIDALWipes (EPA Reg. No: 67619-12), in preventing the spread of blood-bornepathogens, using hepatitis B virus (HBV). The results demonstrated completeinactivation of live virus inoculated on the materials of the meter. We have also demonstrated that 10,950 each of pre-cleaning and disinfectioncycles for meter with the same disinfectant designed to simulate 3 years ofmultiple-patient use has no effect on the performance or the external materials ofthe meter.</td></tr><tr><td>Conclusion</td><td>Based on the submitted information in this premarket notification, the candidate device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Further, the candidate device has met the performance, safety, and effectiveness of the device for its intended use.</td></tr></table>

August 9, 2013

i-SENS, Inc.   
C/O Chae Yun Lim   
27-36, Gwangun-ro, Nowon-gu, Seoul 139-845, Korea

Re: K131419 Trade/Device Name: ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: NBW, CGA Dated: July 10, 2013 Received: July 11, 2013

Dear Chae Yun Lim:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to htp://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm1 15809.htm for

Page 2—Chae Yun Lim

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.lhtm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): _k131419

Device Name: ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Monitoring System is intended for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites such as the forearm, palm, thigh, and calf. Alternative site testing should be used only during steady-state blood glucose conditions. The system is intended for use outside the body (in vitro) and is intended for multiple-patient use in professional healthcare settings as an aid to monitor the effectiveness of diabetes control. The system is only used with auto-disabling, single use lancing device. It is not intended for use on neonates and is not for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes.

The ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Test Strips are for use with the ACURA PLUS Multi Blood Glucose Meter to quantitatively measure glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips and alternative sites.

# (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Katherine Serrano -S