$$
K _ { 1 } 3 1 1 \cup \ldots
$$

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# Date Prepared:

July 29, 2013

# Type of Test:

Qualitative fluorescent hCG immunoassay

Applicant:

Quidel Corporation 10165 McKellar Court San Diego, California 92121 Telephone: 858-552-7908 Fax: 858-646-8045

# Submission Contact:

John D. Tamerius, Ph.D.

Proprietary and Established Sofia® hCG FIA Names:

Device Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JHI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulatory Section:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1155(a), HumanChorionic Gonadotropin (HCG)test system intended for the earlydetection of pregnancy</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry (75)</td></tr></table>

Intended Use:

The Sofia hCG FIA is an immunofluorescence-based lateral flow assay intended for the qualitative detection of human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in urine specimens and is designed to aid early detection of pregnancy.

The test is intended for prescription use only, including use at point-of-care sites.

Device Description:

The test kit consists of individually packaged test Cassettes—each containing monoclonal murine antibodies for the capture and detection of hCG; disposable specimen transfer pipettes; and a package insert. The test is a qualitative immunofluorescencebased assay used to detect concentrations of 20 mlU/mL hCG or more in urine.

# Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Features</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sofia hCG FIA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QuickVue+ One-Step hCGCombo test (K973858)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Sofia hCG FIA is animmunofluorescence-basedlateral flow assay intended forthe qualitative detection ofhuman ChorionicGonadotropin (hCG) in urinespecimens and is designed toaid early detection ofpregnancy.The test is intended forprescription use only,including use at point-of-caresites.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The QuickVue+ One-Step hCGCombo test is a one-stepimmunoassay intended for thequalitative detection of humanChorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)in serum or urine for the earlydetection of pregnancy. Thetest is intended for use byhealthcare professionals.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine/Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Format</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunofluorescence-basedlateral flow assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sofia Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No instrument; visually-readassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read Result Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Approximately 3 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 minutes for urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analytical Sensitivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mlU/mL for urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mlU/mL for urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO International Standard4th Edition 75/589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WHO International Standard 3dEdition 75/537</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 30°</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 to 30°</td></tr></table>

# Test Principle:

The Sofia hCG FIA is an immunofluorescence-based lateral flow test for use with the Sofia Analyzer. . The test uses a pair of monoclonal murine antibodies specific to the beta subunit of hCG to capture and detect hCG. The beta subunit was chosen to ensure specificity as the alpha subunit is nearly identical to the alpha subunit found in LH, FSH and TSH.

To perform the test, a urine specimen is collected and dispensed into the Sample Well on the Test Cassette. The Cassette is placed inside of the Sofia Analyzer for an automatically defined development time. The Sofia Analyzer then scans the test strip and analyzes the fluorescent signal, using method-specific algorithms. The Sofia Analyzer then displays the test result (Positive, Negative, or Invalid) on the screen, and optionally prints the results on an integrated printer.

# Summary of Performance Data:

Numerous studies were undertaken to document the performance characteristics and substantial equivalence of the test to the predicate device. These studies included the following:

# a. Analytical Performance

Reproducibility

The reproducibility of the Sofia hCG FIA was evaluated at three (3) different laboratories. Three (3) different operators at each site tested a series of coded, contrived samples, prepared in negative urine, ranging from a low negative (5 mlU/mL) to a moderate positive (25 mlU/mL) hCG. For each level a total of 90 replicates were tested over five (5) different days at each site. The results at each site agreed $100 \%$ with the expected results for these levels. There were no significant differences observed within run, between runs, or between sites.

# High Dose Hook Effect

A high dose hook effect study was performed by spiking high levels of hCG concentrations 0 to $\mathsf { 5 0 0 , 0 0 0 ~ m l U / m L }$ into negative urine and evaluating the test results. Positive results were observed up to 500,000 mlU/mL hCG. Therefore no hook effect was observed for urine samples with hCG concentrations up to 500,000 mlU/mL.

Detection Limit

The sensitivity of the device was tested by spiking pooled male urine with varying concentrations (0 to 100 mlU/mL) of hCG traceable to WHO International 4th Standard. The positive/negative threshold at which $100 \%$ of the samples tested positive was confirmed at 20 mlU/mL hCG.

# Analytical Specificity

Interference and cross-reactivity studies were performed by adding known amounts of chemical substances, urine analytes, hormones, and microorganisms to pooled negative urine. No cross-reactivity or interference was observed for the substances and microorganisms listed below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Substance/Microorganism</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemical Substances</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEs</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetoacetic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Hydroxybutyrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bovine Serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cellulose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomiphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cow's Milk</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DMSO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDTA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenothiazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Urine Substances</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (serum)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haptoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Anti-Mouse Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.85 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Myoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rheumatoid Factor</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.08 IU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum (negative human)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Peroxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">39</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine Specific Gravity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.005-1.037</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hormones</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hLH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hFSH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">hTSH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estriol 17-beta</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28,000 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pregnanediol glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45,000 μg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-core fragment, hCG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.1 x 10^{3 pmol/L</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microorganisms</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Escherichia coli</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.61 x 10 CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Streptococcus agalactiae (Group B)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50 x 10'CFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlamydia trachomatis</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 x 10° IFU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candida albicans</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.07 x 10 CFU/mL</td></tr></table>

# .Clinical Performance:

A multi-center clinical study was conducted to establish the performance of the Sofia hCG FIA compared to results obtained from another commercially available qualitative test. This study was conducted by health care personnel at five (5) distinct sites in various geographical regions within the United States. In this multi-center, point-of-care (POC) field trial, 974 fresh urine specimens, collected from patients presenting for pregnancy testing, were evaluated.

Sofia hCG FIA Performance Compared to a Commercially Available Qualitative Test   
Comparator Test   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sofia Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>176</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sofia Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>795</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>797</td></tr></table>

Positive Agreement $=$ $59 9 \%$ (176/177) EPY $( 9 5 \% C 1 { = } 9 7 { - } 1 0 0 \% )$

Negative Agreement $=$ $59 9 \%$ (795/797) $( 9 5 \% 0 \% 0 0 \% 0 5 \% 0 0 \% 0 \% 0 \% 0 \% 0 \% 0 \% 0 )$

Overall Agreement $\mathbf { \doteq } =$ $59 9 \%$ (971/974) $( 9 5 \% 0 0 \% 0 ) = 9 9 - 1 0 0 \% )$ E

# Conclusion:

These studies demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the Sofia hCG FIA for use with the Sofia Analyzer to the existing product already marketed, QuickVue+ One-Step hCG Combo test, K973858. They further demonstrated the suitability of the product for point-of-care use. Such studies are a critical element in establishing the fundamental safety and effectiveness of the product and its appropriateness for commercial distribution.

Quidel Corp. C/O John D. Tamerius 10165 McKellar Ct. SAN DIEGO CA 92121

August 2, 2013

Re: K131166 Trade/Device Name: Sofia® hCG FIA Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JHI Dated: July 1, 2013 Received: July 3, 2013

Dear Dr. Tamerius:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \boldsymbol { \mathbf { k } } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (MA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The geeal controls provisions of the Act include requirements or annual registration, listing o devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

yr evce is ass ee bove)itoter lass (Specl no cass  A), it may be subject to additional controls.Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/CentersOffices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/ucm115809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Katherine Serrano -S

For:

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): K131166

Device Name: Sofia® hCG FIA

Indications for Use:

The Sofia hCG FlA is an immunofluorescence-based lateral flow assay intended for the qualitative detection of human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) in urine specimens and is designed to aid early detection of pregnancy.

The test is intended for prescription use only, including use at point-of-care sites.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)