# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1. 510(k) Number k131126

2. Applicant: OPTI Medical Systems, Inc.

3. Contact: Len Owens, VP Quality and Regulatory Affairs OPTI Medical Systems, Inc. 235 Hembree Park Drive, Roswell, GA 30076 Office: (770) 688-1658; Fax: (770) 510-4445 Email:len.owens@optimedical.com

4. Date prepared: June 14, 2013

5. Proprietary and Established Names OPTI CCA-TS2

6.Regulatory Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACID, LACTIC, ENZYMATIC METHOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELECTRODE MEASUREMENT, BLOOD GASES(PCO2, PO2) AND BLOOD PH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SYSTEM, HEMOGLOBIN, AUTOMATED</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.5620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GKR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEMATOLOGY (81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXIMETER, WHOLE BLOOD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>864.7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEMATOLOGY (81)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELECTRODE, ION SPECIFIC, POTASSIUM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELECTRODE, ION SPECIFIC, CALCIUM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JFP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELECTRODE, ION SPECIFIC, SODIUM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1665</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JGS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELECTRODE, ION SPECIFIC, CHLORIDE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ELECTRODE, ION SPECIFIC, UREA NITROGEN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1770</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CDS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY (75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>GLUCOSE OXIDASE, GLUCOSE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.1345</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CGA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHEMISTRY(75)</td></tr></table>

# 7.Purpose of Submission

OPTI Medical has designed and tested a new model (OPTI® CCA-TS2) of the $\mathtt { O P T } \mathtt { I P }$ Critical Care Analyzer (OPTI® CCA-TS) previously cleared.for use with k993837 for the IVD measurement of pH, $\mathsf { p c o } _ { 2 } , \mathsf { p O } _ { 2 } , \mathsf { N }$ $N \Game ^ { + }$ . $\mathsf { K } ^ { + }$ , Ca\*, Cl, Glucose, BUN (urea), tHb and ${ \mathsf { S O } } _ { 2 }$ and cleared for use with k093280 for lactate when used with OPTI cassettes containing the blood sample and sensors designed to interact with the analyzer to measure the parameters. Changes were made to the analyzer only in order to update the electronic hardware to prevent obsolescence as electronics evolve, to modify the software to operate the analyzer with modified hardware, and change the software architecture to accommodate the hardware changes and provide for modular programming in the future. No changes were made to the algorithms used to calculate parameter values. Other modifications were made to the analyzer as outlined in the table below to update the look of the new model and improve manufacturing and shipping efficiencies.

OPTI Medical conducted studies to ensure that the OPTI® CCA-TS2 model analyzer reports equivalent results when used with the same cassettes as the OPTI® CCA-TS model analyzer predicate. The

performance tests completed are summarized here. Please note that since cassettes and the sensors used in the cassettes are unchanged from the cleared analyzer, testing specific to the cassette and the sensor chemistry such as interference studies and limit of detection studies were not repeatedn this submission. •

Predicate Device OPTI® CCA-TS Critical Care Analyzer (k993837).

# Device Description

The OPTI® CCA-TS2 is a modified model of the legally marketed $\tt O P T 1 \odot$ CCA-TS analyzer system. The ${ \tt O P T I ^ { \otimes } }$ CCA-TS2 analyzer system uses the same technology and operating principles to perform the same intended uses as the OPT® CCA-TS cleared with k993837. Optical fluorescence and reflectance technology is used to perform the parameter measurements outlined in the intended use. The technology is the same as that employed in previous models of OPTI products.

The $O P T 1 ^ { \otimes }$ CCA-TS2 analyzer is sold separately from disposable cassettes containing sensors that interac with an in-vitro blood or plasma/serum sample aspirated into the cassette by the analyzer ystem.The disposable cassettes are designed and manufactured by OPTI Medical Systems, Inc. for exclusive use with OPTI Analyzers. The parameters reported by the analyzer system are determined by the sensors contained within each cassette style.Various styles of cassettes are available to report up to six combinations of blood gases, electrolytes and metabolites for each sample aspirated into the cassette. Eac cassette style is bar-coded with calibration information determined or each lot of cassettes prir to release.

# 10.Intended Use

The OPTI CCA-TS2 system when used with disposable cassettes containing parameter specific s    men    G BUN (urea), lactate, tHb, and SO2 in samples of whole blood, and pH, Na+, $\kappa ^ { + }$ , Ca++, CI, Glucose and BUN (urea) in serum and plasma, in a clinical laboratory setting or point of care locations.

• Measurements of blood gases $( P \mathsf { C O } _ { 2 } , P \mathsf { O } _ { 2 } )$ and blood pH are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances. Lactate (lactic acid) measurements that evaluate the acid-base status are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lactic acidosis (abnormally high acidity of the blood). Total hemoglobin (tHb) measurement is used to determine the hemoglobin content of human blood. Oxygen saturation (SO2) measurement is used to determine the oxygen capacity of the hemoglobin. Potassium $( \mathsf { K } ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. Calcium $( C a ^ { + + } )$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms). Sodium $( N a ^ { + } )$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism xiv cetion  e hormoaldosterone, dabet sipius roniexcretion amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst), adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Chloride (Cl) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and

metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Urea nitrogen (an end-product of nitrogen metabolism) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

# 11. Indications for Use

Same as Intended Use above.

# 12. Substantial Equivalence Information

Both the OPTI CCA-TS2 system and the predicate OPTI CCA-TS system use identical disposable cassettes containing electrolyte sensors to measure and report in-vitro results. The CCA-TS2 model is designed to use the same technology as that employed in the CCA-TS model with updated electronics and other changes to reduce manufacturing costs and ad features desired by end users.

A comparison of the similarities and differences between the devices in provided in the following tables:

Similarities for OPTI® CCA-TS2 analyzer system:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate:OPTI CCA-TS2 Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:OPTI CCA-TS Analyzer (k993837)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The OPTI® CCA-TS2 system when used withdisposable cassettes containing parameterspecific sensors is intended to be used for themeasurement of pH, pCOz, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca++, Cl-,Glucose, BUN (urea), lactate, tHb, and SOz insamples of whole blood, and pH, Na+, K+, Cat+,CI-, Glucose and BUN (urea) in serum andplasma, in a clinical laboratory setting orpoint of care locations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredParameter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH, pCOz, pO2, Na+, K+, Ca+t, Cl, Glucose, BUN(urea), lactate, tHb, and SO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Whole blood, serum, and plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reportableranges</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH: 6.6 - 7.8 pH unitsPCO2: 10 - 200 mm HgPO2: 10 - 700 mm HgNa+: 100 - 180 mmol/LK+: 0.8 - 9.99 mmol/LCa++: 0.2 - 3.0 mmol/LClI-: 50-160 mmol/LGlu: 30 - 400 mg/dLBUN/Urea: 2.8 - 112.0 mg/dLLac: 0.3 - 17.5 mmol/LtHb: 5 - 25 g/dLSO2: 60 - 100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleVolume</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125 µL (60 µL with B60 cassette)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testconsumable</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">One use cassette with optical fluorescencemulti-sensor arrayPort for sample introductionFluid waste chamber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Testconsumablestorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6 - 12 months (depends on cassette style)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementsequence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrate cassette - introduce sample -measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measurementtime</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">180 sec from sample introduction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementTemperature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Errordetection</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QC system to detect user errorsQC system for reader self checkQC system to detect cassette non-conformance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasurementPrinciple</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na: fluorescenceK: fluorescenceCa: fluorescenceCI: fluorescencepH: fluorescencePCO2: fluorescencePO2: fluorescenceglucose: fluorescencelactate: fluorescenceBUN: fluorescencetHb: reflectanceSO2: reflectance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Differences for $\scriptstyle \mathtt { O P T } ^ { \mathtt { \otimes } }$ CCA-TS2 analyzer system:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Feature</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate:OPTI CCA-TS2 Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate:OPTI CCA-TS Analyzer (k993837)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Electronics - PCboard</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Single "System on a Chip" (SoC)processor to control all systeminterfaces</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multiple processor architecturewith software control of interfaces(code base that was developedover 10 years ago)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Componentupdates toavoidobsolescence</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Consolidate processors; reduceelectronic components, and sourcemotors, motor drive circuitry, gasvalve module, printer, and displaywith updated alternatives with anestimated production life in excessof5 years.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Some hardware components areno longer available to purchase</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16V, 3.75A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16V, 4A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Battery</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lithium lon, 10.8V, 4000mAHr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nickel Cadmium, 12V, 2800mAHr</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exterior Case</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dual use handle, printer paperroller attached to lid, red accentson trim, fan replacement by user,air filter added, gas bottle housingbase allows up to 16.86 mm basegas bottles.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carry handle only, printer paperroller attached to printer, all beigeexterior, fan replacement byfactory service, no air filter, housingbase allows up to 26.86 mm basegas bottles.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Optics module</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metal and plastic frame, plasticlenses, 3 LED common filter,standardized holodot used with allLEDs.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metal frame, glass lenses,individual LED filters, individualholodot for each LED</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Software</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Architecture modified withmodular components, samealgorithms as predicate duplicatedin new code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Architecture and code developedas single unit - limits scalability andimprovement, algorithms developedfor sensor and system performance</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User features</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System allows up to two sets ofranges that can be labeled asnormal and critical. Added homescreen so that users who enablesecurity are required to log in forall functions with login timeoutadded.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">System provides one set of userconfigurable ranges that may belabeled either normal or critical.System may be configured torequire or not require passwordentry at menu level only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gas bottle andpressureregulator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 PSI calibration gas bottle.Regulates 30 to 5 PSI gas bottles.Adaptor ring installed to preventuse of 140 PSI gas bottle.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">140 PSI calibration gas bottle,Regulates 140 to 20 PSI gas bottles,No adaptor ring installed.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quality control</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1 SRC cassette with 3 levels of LEDintensity applied to assess analyzerLEDs for drift and noise over time.Replacement tHb calibrationcassettes can be normalized byusers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3 identical SRC cassettes with 3different barcodes to assessanalyzer LEDs for drift and noiseover time. Replacement of tHbcalibration cassettes at end of shelflife frequently required return ofanalyzer to manufacturer forrecalibration.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Externalcommunications</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serial USB connectivity. Two waycommunication with POCT1-Aprotocol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serial RS232 connectivity. One waycommunication of data fromanalyzer only.</td></tr></table>

Modifications made to the $\tt o P T I ^ { \otimes }$ CCA-TS analyzer design to produce the ${ \tt O P T I } ^ { \otimes }$ CCA-TS2 analyzer did not change the technological characteristics of the device and were found to be functionally equivalent.

# 13. Standard/Guidance Documents Referenced

Evaluations of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement in Methods; Approved   
Guideline (CLSI guideline EP5-A2, volume 24, Number 25)   
User Verification of Performance for Precision and Trueness; Approved Guidetine (CLSI guideline   
EP15-A2 Volume 25, Number 17)   
Method Comparison and Bias Estimation using Patient Samples; Approved Guideline (CLSI   
guideline EP9-A2, Volume 15, Number 19)   
Safety Requirements for Electrical Equipment for Measurement, Control, and Laboratory Use   
Part 1: General Requirements (IEC 61010-1)   
Secondary cell and batteries containing alkaline or othernon-acid electrolytes - Safety

requirements for portable sealed secondary cells, and for batteries made from them, for use in portable applications (IEC 62133 Ed. 2.0 b:2012) Medical Device Software - Software life-cycle processes (IEC 62304:2006) Electrical Equipment for measurement, control and laboratory use - EMC requirements Part 2- 6: Particular requirements - In-vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment (IEC 61326-2-6)

# 14. Performance Characteristics

The modified analyzer design was assembled and tested with unchanged design cassettes with sensors to determine whether any of the design changes affected the performance, safety, or efacy of the device. In-house studies were conducted with each type of sensor available for use on the OPT!® CCA-TS analyzer.

# Method Comparison

Whole blood samples were measured across the measurement range on three OPTI CCA-TS analyzers and three OPTI CCA-TS2 analyzers at the internal site.Regression was calculated using the Ordinary linear fit method. Correlation statistics for each parameter / sensor design are presented here:

OPTI CCA-TS2 vs. Predicate in whole blood samples   
Page 6 of 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95%Confidence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (R²)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.927 to 7.705pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 (0.97 to 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (dry sensor)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.961 to 7.648pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.98 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Na+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.0 to 179.4mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium (K+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9 to 8.1mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (1.00 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium (Ca++)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.28 to 2.21mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.99 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride (CI-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.4 to 145.7mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4 to 361.3mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.95 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.983</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (urea)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5 to 103.2mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (1.00 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.3 to 198.9mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 (0.97 to 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pCO2 (dry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7 to 87.9mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.99 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.5 to 639.3mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p02 (dry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7 to 656.6mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7 to 13.8mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (0.99 to 1.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.994:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.7 to 21.2 g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (0.99 to 1.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.5 to 99.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03 (1.01 to 1.06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr></table>

Plasma/serum samples were measured across the measurement range on three OPTI CCA-TS analyzers and three OPTI CCA-TS2 analyzers. Correlation statistics for each parameter / sensor design are presented here:

OPTI CCA-TS2 vs. Predicate in plasma/serum samples   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95%Confidence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient (R²2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.814 to 7.741pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 (0.97 to 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Na+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.1 to 176.7mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium (K+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.60 to 7.45mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium (Ca++)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39 to 2.75mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride (CI-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.7 to 146.1mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 (0.96 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (urea)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4 to 92.9mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03 (1.01 to 1.05)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.9 to 288.6mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.98 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.997</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr></table>

In addition to the in-house studies, method comparison studies in whole blood samples were repeated at 4 different POC sites to confirm that the OPTI CCA-TS2 performs with functional equivalence to the OPTI CCA-TS analyzer. Method comparison results obtained at the 4 POC sites were very similar to the results obtained at the internal site.

# Precision/Reproducibility

Multi-day, in-house, precision testing was performed in accordance with CLSI EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. Samples consisted of three levels of aqueous quality control solution for the testing (OPT Check Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 manufactured by Bionostics Inc., Acton, Massachusetts). Testing was performed over at least 10 days, 4 runs per day, with a minimum of 2 OPTI CCA-TS2 analyzers.

Precision OPTI CCA-TS2 with controls   
Page 7 of 15   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">PO2 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Dry PO2 (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Days run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total AverageWithin Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">139.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within Run %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run St.Dev (S.)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">- 0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Day St.Dev (Sdd)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (St)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">PCO2 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Dry PCO2 (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Days run</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Total AverageWithin Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within Run %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run St.Dev (Srr)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Day St.Dev (Sdd)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (ST)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dry pH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total AverageWithin Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.415</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.624</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.632</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run St.Dev (S.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Day St.Dev (Sad)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.008</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (St)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Na+(mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>K+ (mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>126.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.92</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run St.Dev (S.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Day St.Dev (Sdd)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Day %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision St.Dev (Sr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr></table>

Page 8 of 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">Ca++(mmol/L)</td><td colspan="3">C1-(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td>OPTI- Check Level 1</td><td>OPTI- Check Level 2</td><td>OPTI- Check Level 3</td><td>OPTI- Check Level 1</td><td>OPTI- Check Level 2</td><td>OPTI- Check Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>Days run</td><td>20</td><td>20</td><td>20</td><td>10</td><td>10</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Total Average</td><td>1.57</td><td>1.27</td><td>0.79</td><td>95.3</td><td>107.1</td><td>115.6</td></tr><tr><td>Within Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.01</td><td>0.6</td><td>1.4</td><td>0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Cat+ (mmol/L)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">C1-(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Within Run %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.9%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run St.Dev (S.)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Run %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Between Day St.Dev (Sdd)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (ST)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total %CV</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Glucose (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BUN (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-Check</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Average</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run St.Dev (Sn)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Day St.Dev (Sdd)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (St)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Lactate (mmol/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>tHb (g/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total AverageWithin Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.06</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run St.Dev (S.)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Day St.Dev (Sd)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (St)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>S02 (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPTI-CheckLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Days run</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total AverageWithin Run St.Dev (Swr)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run St.Dev (S.,)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Run %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Between Day St.Dev (Sdd)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Between Day %CVTotal Precision St.Dev (St)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8%</td></tr></table>

In addition, within-run precision testing was performed in-house in accordance with CLSI EP5-A2, Evaluation of Precision Performance of Quantitative Measurement Methods; Approved Guideline - Second Edition. Samples consisted of three levels of whole blood spiked or diluted to give three levels of each of the analytes. Testing was performed in one day with 10 repeats at each blood level on one OPTI CCA-TS2 analyzer. Results of the studies run are shown in the tables below:

# Precision OPTI CCA-TS2 with whole blood

# Blood Gases

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">Standard Sampling PO2 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="3">60μL Sampling PO2 (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td>Total Average</td><td>Level 1 54.8</td><td>Level 2 90.3</td><td>Level 3 434.5</td><td>Level 1 52.7</td><td>Level 2 92.6</td><td>Level 3 445.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Standard Deviation %CV</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.5</td><td>5.1</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.6</td><td>4.9</td></tr><tr><td>0.97%</td><td>0.52%</td><td>1.18%</td><td>0.68%</td><td>0.60%</td><td>1.10%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dry PO2 (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>428.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.57%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.36%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="3">Standard Sampling PCO2 (mmHg)</td><td colspan="3">60μL Sampling PCO2 (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td>Whole</td><td>Whole</td><td>Whole</td><td>Whole</td><td>Whole</td><td>Whole</td></tr><tr><td>Blood Level 1</td><td>Blood Level 2</td><td>Blood Level 3</td><td>Blood Level 1</td><td>Blood Level 2</td><td>Blood Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>Total Average</td><td>21.4</td><td>46.2</td><td>91.6</td><td>45.6</td><td>21.1</td><td>92.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Standard Deviation %CV</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.4</td><td>1.7</td><td>0.5</td><td>0.4</td><td>1.3</td></tr><tr><td>1.60%</td><td>0.90%</td><td>1.82%</td><td>1.15%</td><td>1.73%</td><td>1.37%</td></tr></table>

Page 10 of 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dry PCO2 (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.357</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.316</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.088</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.82%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.71%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.17%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="3">Standard Sampling pH (mmHg)</td><td colspan="3">60μL Sampling pH (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td>Whole</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td>Blood Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td>Level 3</td><td>Level 1</td><td>Level 2</td><td>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td>Total Average Standard Deviation</td><td>7.134</td><td>7.341</td><td>7.518</td><td>7.341</td><td>7.521</td><td>7.132</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">%CV</td><td>0.004</td><td>0.006</td><td>0.009</td><td>0.005</td><td>0.006</td><td>0.003</td></tr><tr><td>0.05%</td><td>0.08%</td><td>0.13%</td><td>0.07%</td><td>0.08%</td><td>0.04%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Dry pH (mmHg)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.174</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.352</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.558</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.012</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>502</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00%</td></tr></table>

# Electrolytes, Glucose and BUN

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Na+ (mmol/L)</td><td colspan="3">K+ (mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood Level 3</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td>Level 1 136.5</td><td>Level 2 167.4</td><td>112.7</td><td>Level 1 3.6</td><td>Level 2 8.1</td><td>Level 3 2.1</td></tr><tr><td>0.4</td><td>0.2</td><td>0.4</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.1</td></tr><tr><td>0.26%</td><td>0.13%</td><td>0.33%</td><td>0.38%</td><td>0.26%</td><td>2.49%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="3">CI- (mmol/L)</td><td colspan="3">Ca++(mmol/L)</td></tr><tr><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td><td>Whole Blood</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">Total Average Standard Deviation %CV</td><td>Level 1 104.1</td><td>Level 2 141.3</td><td>Level 3 57.5</td><td>Level 1 1.2</td><td>Level 2 2.6</td><td>Level 3 0.8</td></tr><tr><td>0.3</td><td>1.0</td><td>0.3</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.0</td><td>0.0</td></tr><tr><td>0.28%</td><td>0.73%</td><td>0.51%</td><td>0.35%</td><td>0.40%</td><td>0.59%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>BUN</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.59</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.91%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.94%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.53%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.93%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Lactate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.76%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.42%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.16%</td></tr></table>

tHb

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>tHb</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBloodLevel 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Total AverageStandard Deviation%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.59%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.34%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.86%</td></tr></table>

Linearity / Reportable range

The linearity of the OPTI CCA-TS2 system was determined using the experimental protocol recommended in CLSI guideline EP15-A2, User Verification of Performance for Precision and Trueness; Approved Guideline. Linearity data was collected versus the OPTI CCA-TS analyzer predicate using standard aqueous linearity solutions (CVC123 manufactured by RNA Medical, Devons, MA) and whole blood samples that included points just outside the measurement range and points insie the range. Each of the levels of samples was run on two (2) OPTI CCA-TS and two (2) OPTI CCA-TS2 analyzers. The linear regression correlation between analyzers using each individual measurement is summarized below:

Page 12 of 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Parameter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sampletype</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Slope (95%Confidence</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intercept</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CorrelationCoefficient$R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>n</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (60μLsample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.391 to 8.044pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 (0.96 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (120 μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.404 to 8.011pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97 to0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (drysensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.477 to 7.915pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (60μLsample)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.915 to 7.638pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (120 μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.912 to 7.646pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 (0.96 to 0.97)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH (drysensor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.971 to 7.631pH units</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (60μLsample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.2 to 256.6mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (120μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4 to 205.7mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (dry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 to 207.9mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (1.00 to1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td></tr></table>

Page 13 of 15   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coefficient$(R^{}$</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (60μLsample)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.9 to 85.8mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (120μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.3 to 90.5mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.98 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCO2 (dry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9 to 87.8mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.04</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (60μLsample)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.8 to 711.2mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (120μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.9 to 707.0mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (dry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.1 to 656.6mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 to1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (60μLsample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.7 to 451.0mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.97 (0.97 to 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (120μL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9 to 487.1mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>.0999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PO2 (dry)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.8 to 476.3mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.97 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Na+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.4 to 204.4mmHg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.99 to1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium (Na+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.2 to 163.8mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (0.99 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium(K+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.39 to 10.09mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (1.00 to 1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium(K+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.19 to 6.98mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 to 1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium(Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.158 to 3.372mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.99 to 0.99)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium(Ca++</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.20 to 2.67mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.01 (1.00 to 1.02)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride (CI-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.9 to 175.0mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to1.00)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloride (CI-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9 to 135.0mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 (0.94 to 0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5 to 455.6mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.02 (1.00 to1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.8 to 303.6mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.98 (0.94 to 1.03)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.993</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUN (urea)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.63 to 142.93mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 (0.99 to1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.08</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.999</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17 to 17.81mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.04 (1.02 to1.06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.996</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lactate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CVC123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.77 to 15.3mmol/L</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.03 (1.00 to 1.06)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.995</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>tHb</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.37 to 26.13g/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.99 (0.98 to1.01)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.998</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SO2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>WholeBlood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.5 to 99.9 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.96 (0.94 to0.98)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.991</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72</td></tr></table>

The linearity data support the following reportable range claims:

<table><tr><td>pH: 6.6 - 7.8 pH units PCO2: 10 - 200 mm Hg PO2: 10 - 700 mm Hg Na+: 100 - 180 mmol/l K+: 0.8 - 9.99 mmol/L Ca++: 0.2 - 3.0 mmol/L</td><td>CI-: 50 - 160 mmol/L Glu: 30 - 400 mg/dL BUN/Urea: 208 - 112.0 mg/dL Lac: 0.3 - 17.5 mmol/L tHb: 5 -25 g/dL SO2: 60 - 100%</td></tr></table>

# Limit of Blank, Limit of Determination and Limit of Quantitation

No changes were made to the electrolyte sensors installed in the disposable cassettes used on both the OPTI CCA-TS2 device and the predicate OPTI CCA-TS so evaluation of limits of detection does not apply to the analyzer change.

# Analytical Specificity / Interferences

No changes were made to the electrolyte sensors installed in the disposable cassettes used on both the OPTI CCA-TS2 device and the predicate OPTI CCA-TS. Evaluation of interferences was not performed since the analysis was done previously in k993837.

# Traceability

The parameters measured and reported by the OPTI CCA-TS2 device are calibrated and tested for release using primary and secondary standards that are traceable to NIsT or other recognized standards (where no NIST standard is available of practical) as outlined in this table:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">pH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material: NIST traceablephosphate buffer; buffer solution made withNIST HEPES SRM 2181 + 2182</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST traceable pure gases gravimetricallyprepared</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NIST traceable pure gases gravimetricallyprepared</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Na</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material, NIST SRM 956A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material, NIST SRM 956A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material, NIST SRM 956A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material, NIST SRM 956A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">tHb</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Definition of SI unit by French: Conférencegénérale des poids et mesures (CGPM),International Siggaard-Andersen Model</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SO2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Definition of Sl unit by French: Conférencegénérale des poids et mesures (CGPM) ,International Siggaard-Andersen Model</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glu</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material, NIST SRM 965</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">BUN</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Standard reference material, NIST SRM 909</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lactate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gravimetric working calibrator prepared fromsodium L-lactate &gt;99% purity</td></tr></table>

# 15. Electromagnetic Compatibility and Electrical Safety

Electromagnetic Compatibility and electrical safety tests were performed on the $O P \pi$ CCA-TS2 model to show compliance with current standards applicable for the device. Performance verification studies were performed using the modified device with all cassette styles and modified consumables and calibration methods to demonstrate performance equivalence.

# 16. Software Verification and Validation

The software driving the analyzer has been updated according to internal design control and verification procedures of the Quality System at OPTI Medical Systems, Inc. to ensure changes did not impact the measurements reported by the analyzer system.

# 17. Conclusion

Analysis of the method comparison data collected during internal and Pocsite studies for this device presented in this $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ , together with the linearity and precision data collected during internal and POC studies demonstrates that the OPT CCA-TS2 device is safe, effective, and substantially equivalent he OPTI CCA-TS predicate device.

# Page 15 of 15

OPTI Medical Systems, Inc. C/O Len Owens 235 Hembree Park Drive ROSWELL GA 30076

Re: K131126 Trade/Device Name: OPTI CCA-TS2 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1 120 Regulation Name: Blood gases (PCO2, PO2) and blood pH test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: KHP, CHL, GKR, GLY, CEM, JFP, JGS, CGZ, CDS, CGA Dated: July 11, 2013 Received: July 16, 2013

Dear Mr. Owens:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore. market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class I1 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Fedcral Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may Dublish further announceinents concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-relared adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please go to huD://www.fda.gow/AhoutFDA/CentersOMices/CDRH/CDRHOffices/uem115809.htm for

the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Offce of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k131126

Device Name: OPTI CCA-TS2

Indications for Use: -   
The OPTI CCA-TS2 system when used with disposable cassettes containing parameter specific sensors is intended to be used for the measurement of pH, $\mathsf { p c o } _ { 2 } , \mathsf { p o } _ { 2 } , \mathsf { N a } ^ { + } , \mathsf { K } ^ { + } , \mathsf { c a } ^ { + + }$ , Cl, Glucose, BUN (urea), lactate, $\operatorname { t H b } ,$ and $S O _ { 2 }$ in samples of whole blood, and pH, Na\*, $\kappa _ { \mathrm { . } } ^ { \ast }$ ,Cat, Cl, Glucose and BUN (urea) in serum and plasma, in a clinical laboratory setting or point of care locations.

Measurements of blood gases $( P C O _ { 2 } , P O _ { 2 } )$ and blood pH are used in the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening acid-base disturbances. Lactate (lactic acid) measurements that evaluate the acid-base status are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lactic acidosis (abnormally high acidity of the blood). • Total nemoglobin (tHb) measurement is used to determine the hemoglobin content of human blood. Oxygen saturation (SO2) measurement is used to determine the oxygen capacity of the hemoglobin.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Yung W. Chan -S

Potassium $( k ^ { + } )$ measurements are used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. Calcium $( C a ^ { + + } )$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid disease, a variety of bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany (intermittent muscular contractions or spasms). Sodium $( N a ^ { + } )$ measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism (excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst),adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Chloride (Cl) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis. 6 Urea nitrogen (an end-product of nitrogen metabolism) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain renal and metabolic diseases. Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolism disorders including diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia, and of pancreatic islet cell carcinoma.

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

AND/OR

Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) Yung W. Chan -S