# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# 1. Submitter Name, Address, Contact

Roche Diagnostic Corporation   
9115 Hague Rd.   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
(317) 521-4793   
Contact Person: Nate Carrington Date Prepared: February 12, 2013

OCT 1 1 2013

# 2. Device Name

Proprietary names: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus Test Strip ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert Meter

Classification name: Glucose dehydrogenase, glucose test system (21 C.F.R. $\ S$ 862.1345); Class II

Classification name: Drug dosing calculation (21 C.F.R. $\ S$ 868.1890); Class II

LFR, Glucose Dehydrogenase NDC, Drug Dosing Calculator

# 3. Predicate Device

ACCU-CHEK Aviva Combo meter, cleared as a component of the ACCU-CHEK Combo System in #k1 11353

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Combo blood glucose system is intended for self-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes at home as an aid to monitoring the effectiveness of diabetes control. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Combo meter is also indicated for the management of diabetes by calculating an insulin dose or carbohydrate intake based on user-entered data.

# 4. Device Description

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System consists of the following:

• ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert meter   
• ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor (a component of the Aviva Expert meter)   
• ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus test strips (k101299)   
• ACCU-CHEK Aviva control solutions (k043474)

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert system is a blood glucose monitoring system that makes use of the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus test strips (cleared under k101299) and the ACCUCHEK Aviva control solutions (cleared under $\ k 0 4 3 4 7 4 )$ The industrial design of the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert meter is nearly identical to that of the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Combo meter (cleared under k1 1 1353); the only difference between the two devices is that the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert meter does not have Bluetooth wireless capability and therefore cannot be connected to an insulin pump, whereas the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Combo meter does have Bluetooth capability and can be connected to an insulin pump.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert system provides the user with the ability to measure capilay bl gucose e when smpe  apillary bloo ppd  the e The meter also provides an optional insulin bolus calculator (the ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor) designed for use by individuals with diabetes who require insulin.This feature is optional in that a user can simply obtain a blood glucose value through capillary blood testing and does not need to use the insulin bolus calculator portion of the system if it is not desired.The insulin bolus calculator algorithm is identical to the bolus calculator algorithm that was cleared during the Aviva Combo 510(k) submission (k1 11353). For the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert system, this bolus calculator is meant to be used by patients with diabetes on multiple daily insulin injection (MDl) therapy. In order to calculate the appropriate bolus of insulin, the ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor takes the measured bG, the target bG, the carbohydrate intake, the insulin-to-carbohydrate ratio, the insulin sensitivity, health events (such as exercise), the time of day, and the active insulin into account. Before using the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert system, a physician or healthcare professional must provide the patient-specific target blood glucose, insulinto-carbohydrate ration, and insulin sensitivity parameters.

# 5. Intended Use

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System is indicated as an aid in the treatment of insulinrequiring diabetes. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System consists of the ACCUCHEK Aviva Expert Meter, ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus test strips, ACCU-CHEK Aviva control solutions, and ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System is intended to facilitate the optimization of glycemic control in patients who are t inmuli aisulinjc heryendehe pevis healthcare professionals experienced in managing insulin treated patients.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capillary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring syst is intended for sel-testing outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system should not be used for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Alternative site testing should NOT be used with the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system. The ACCUCHEK Aviva Expert System is intended for prescription home use only.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert meter is also indicated for the calculation of an insulin dose or carbohydrate intake based on user-entered data. The ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor, as a component of the Accu-Chek Aviva Expert meter, is intended for use in providing insulin dose recommendations in response to blood glucose, health events, and carbohydrate input. The ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor is intended to provide direction for insulin adjustment within the scope of a pre-planned treatment program from a healthcare professional. Before its use, a physician or healthcare professional must prescribe the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System and provide the patient-specific target blooglucose insulin-to-carboyhydrate ratio, and insulin sensitivity parameters to be programmed into the ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor. Once programmed, a patient must consult with his/her physician or healthcare professional before making any changes to these ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor settings.

# 6. Substantial Equivalence

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System is substantially equivalent to the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Combo System. Below is a table that provides a comparison between the ACCUCHEK Aviva Expert System and its predicate device.

# Similarities Table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System Feature/Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detail</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: Both systems make use of the Aviva Plus teststrip.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Strip ProductionProcesses and Lot-ReleaseCriteria</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: Both systems make use of the Aviva Plus teststrip.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bG MeasurementAlgorithm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: The fundamental scientific technology for themeasurement of blood glucose has not changed from thepredicate.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Main IntegratedCircuit Board</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: The firmware components and layout areidentical between the two meters.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Display Module,Display Frame, and BuitonModule</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: The same display unit, display frame, and buttonunit are used by the two meters.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter Housing and BatteryContacts</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: For both meters, the plastic parts are producedby the same molding tool using the same material, and thebattery contacts are the same.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meter ProductionEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: Both meters are produced on one productionline/process.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Underdose Detection andMeter Failsafes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: The fundamental scientific technology for themeasurement of blood glucose has not changed from thepredicate.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Integrity Check for Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: Early in the measurement sequence, the metermeasures the resistance of the gold on the un-dosed strip toassure that it has been properly inserted and that the qualityis not compromised. The meter measures the backgroundconductivity and electrical current prior to dosing to assurethat the reagent quality is not compromised or that the stripwas not prematurely dosed.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Insulin Bolus CalculatorAlgorithm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical: Both systems use the exact same boluscalculator, the ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor, for insulindosing calculations.</td></tr></table>

# Similarities Table (continued)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemFeature/Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>ACCU-CHEK Aviva ExpertMeter with Aviva PlusTest Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Combo Meterwith Aviva Plus Test StripPredicate(k111353)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Quantitative measurement ofglucose (sugar) in capillary bloodfrom the finger tip, indicated fordiabetes management bycalculating an insulin dose orcarbohydrate intake</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quantitative measurement ofglucose (sugar) in capillary bloodfrom the finger tip, indicated fordiabetes management bycalculating an insulin dose orcarbohydrate intake</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Amperometric Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amperometric Detection</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Mut. Q-GDH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mut. Q-GDH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleHematocrit</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10 to 65%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 to 65%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MaximumAltitude</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>10,000 feet</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000 feet</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>20 - 600 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 - 600 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Volume</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0.6μL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6μL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5 seconds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 seconds</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OperatingTemperature andRelativeHumidity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>14 to 38°C(57 to 100°F)10 to 80% r.h.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14 to 38C(57 to 100°F)10-80% r.h.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Code key insertion; lot-specificcode key provided with each boxof Aviva Plus test strips</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Code key insertion; lot-specificcode key provided with each boxof Aviva Plus test strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>For response targets below 75mg/dL, the SD is ≤ 5.0 mg/dL,and for response targets ≥ 75mg/dL, the CV is ≤ 5.0%.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For response targets below 75mg/dL, the SD is ≤ 5.0 mg/dL,and for response targets ≥ 75mg/dL, the CV is ≤ 5.0%.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Double Dosing</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alternate SiteTesting</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr></table>

# Similarities Table (continued)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemFeature/Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Aviva ExpertMeter with Aviva PlusTest Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Combo Meterwith Aviva Plus Test StripPredicate(k111353)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Closed and OpenVial Shelf LifeStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 months</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Solutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous, 2 levels, uses ACCU-CHEK Aviva Control Solutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aqueous, 2 levels, uses ACCU-CHEK Aviva Control Solutions</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrimaryPackaging</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard flip top vial</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standard flip top vial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Handling</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic on/off with stripinsertion or by pressing button</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automatic on/off with stripinsertion or by pressing button</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimensions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 x 2.1 x 1 in LWH;approximately 3.6 oz. withbatteries inserted</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 x 2.1 x 1 in LWH;approximately 3.6 oz. withbatteries inserted</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Data Transfer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infrared</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Infrared</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Date Reminders</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>bG TestReminders</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alarm ClockReminders</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target bG Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Health Events</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Electronic Diary</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Limitations ofProcedure</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose &gt;15 mg/dL will causeoverestimation of blood glucoseresults.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose &gt;15 mg/dL will causeoverestimation of blood glucoseresults.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemic Samples &gt;1800 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lipemic Samples &gt;1800 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intravenous administration ofascorbic acid which results inblood concentrations of ascorbicacid &gt;3 mg/dL will causeoverestimation of blood glucoseresults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intravenous administration ofascorbic acid which results inblood concentrations of ascorbicacid &gt;3 mg/dL will causeoverestimation of blood glucoseresults</td></tr></table>

# Differences Table

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SystemFeature/Claim</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Aviva ExpertMeter with Aviva PlusTest Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ACCU-CHEK Combo Meterwith Aviva Plus Test StripPredicate(k111353)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RF WirelessCapability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Yes; additional components tosatellite board for Bluetoothcommunication with ACCU-CHEK Spirit Combo insulininfusion pumps</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeasurementUnits of InsulinBolus ResultCalculations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 units (appropriate forsyringe/pen administration ofinsulin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 units (appropriate for pumpadministration of insulin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basal Insulin*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diary feature for tracking basalinsulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Basal insulin is controlled viapump</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Group</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diabetes patients treated withmultiple daily insulin injection(MDI) therapy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diabetes patients treated withinsulin pump therapy or multipledaily insulin injection (MDI)therapy</td></tr></table>

\* The basal insulin values that are recorded do not influence the bolus advice.

# 7. Data demonstrating substantial equivalence

Performance testing on the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System demonstrated that the device meets the performance requirements for its intended use. The data demonstrate that the system is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Below is the method comparison data for the system:

Results for glucose concentrations less than 75 mg/dL

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +5 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41/48 (85.4%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48/48 (100%)</td></tr></table>

# Results for glucose concentrations greater than or equal to $7 5 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within +5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ±10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 15 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Within ± 20 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147/252 (58.3%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>222/252 (88.1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>246/252 (97.6%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250/252 (99.2%)</td></tr></table>

Below is the repeatability (wtihin lot) precision for the system:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blood</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean [mg/dL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD [mg/dL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td></tr></table>

Belowhe eprducibily ntmediate day-oay precision or thesem:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control solutions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean [mg/dL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD [mg/dL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.7</td></tr></table>

# October 11, 2013

Roche Diagnostics Corporation C/O Nathan A. Carrington, Ph.D. 9115 Hague Rd INDIANAPOLIS IN 46250-0457

Re: K131366 Trade/Device Name: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert Blood Glucose Monitoring System Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1345 Regulation Name: Glucose test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: LFR, NDC Dated: August 26, 2013 Received: August 29, 2013

Dear Dr. Carrington:

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug. ad Cosmeicct (Act) that onot requireapproval  a premarket approval application (MA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Iyor device  classed eeabove)into either classI Special ontrols)or ass  A), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code  Federal Regulations, Tite, Prts 800 to 98.In adition, FAmy publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Mr. Carrington

I yu es ec   r evice n  abeg gatis 1 R Pars 80 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-frce number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address hutp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourccsforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, pleasc note the gulationenti, "Misan by reerce t ert notication" ( CFR Part 803), please go to   
hup://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safcty/ReportaProblem/default.hum for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biomctrics/Division of Postmarket Survcillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers. International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

# Enclosure

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Offlice of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use Form

510(k) Number (if known): k131366

Device Name: ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert Blood Glucose Monitoring System

Indications for Use:

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System is indicated as an aid in the treatment of insulin-requiring diabetes. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System consists of the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert Meter. ACCU-CHEK Aviva Plus test strips, ACCU-CHEK Aviva control solutions, and ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System is intended to facilitate the optimization of glycemic control in patients who are trained in multiple daily insulin injection therapy and are under the supervision of healthcare professionals experienced in managing insulin treated palients.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monltoring system is intended to be used for the quantitative measurement of glucose in fresh capilary whole blood samples drawn from the fingertips. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system is intended for selftesting outside the body (in vitro diagnostic use) by people with diabetes. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system is intended to be used by a single person and should not be shared. The ACCLi-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system should not be used for the diagnosis or screening of diabetes or for neonatal use. Altemative site testing should NOT be used with the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert blood glucose monitoring system. The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expent System is intended for prescription home use only.

The ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert meter is also indicated for the calculation of an insulin dose or carbohydrate intake based on user-entered data. The ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor, as a component of the Accu-Chek Aviva Expert meter, is intended for use in providing insulin dose recommendations in response to blood glucose, health events, and carbohydrate input.The ACCUCHEK Bolus Advisor is intended to provide direction for insulin adjustment within the scope of a preplanned treatment program from a healthcare professional. Before its use, a physician or healthcare professional must prescribe the ACCU-CHEK Aviva Expert System and provide the patint-specific target blood glucose, insulin-to-carbohydrateratio and insulln sensitivity parameters to be programmed into the ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor. Once programmed, a patient must consult with his/her physician or healthcare professional before making any changes to these ACCU-CHEK Bolus Advisor settings.

Prescription Use X AND/OR Over-The-Counter Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF NEEDED)

Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Devices and Radiologic Health (OIR)

Stayce Beck   
Division Sign-Off   
Office of In Vitro Devices and Radlologic Health

510(k)