$$
5 1 0 ( k ) \sin \alpha \sin y
$$

# 1. SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS AS REQUIRED BY 21 CFR 807.92 STATEMENT

This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirement 21 CFR 807.92.

# 2. SUBMITTER NAME AND ADDRESS

Name: Dr. Clodagh Finnegan clodagh.finnegan@randox.com

Address:   
Randox Laboratories Limited   
55 Diamond Road,   
Crumlin County Antrim   
BT294QY,   
United Kingdom

Telephone: +44(0) 28 9442 2413 Fax: $+ 4 4$ (0) 28 9445 2912 E-mail: marketing@randox.com

# 3. 510(k) NUMBER, DEVICE PROPRIETARY NAME, COMMON NAME, PURPOSE FOR SUBMISSION, REGULATORY CLASSIFICATION, PANEL, PRODUCT CODE AND 21 CFR NUMBER

510k Number: k131776

Device Proprietary Name: Adolase Control Level 2 and Adolase Control Level 3

Common Name: Aldolase Controls

Purpose for Submission: New Device

Regulatory Classification:Single Specified Analyte Controls, (assayed and unassayed); Class I, reserved

Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Product Code: JJX

21 CFR Number: 21 CFR 862.1660

# 4. PREDICATE DEVICE PROPRIETARY NAME AND 510(k) NUMBER

BIO-RAD QCS Assayed Control 510(k) Number: k000875

# 5. INTENDED USE

The Randox Aldolase Control Level 2 and Aldolase Control Level 3 are intended for in vitro diagnostic use as a ua indicated in the package insert. This device is for prescription use only.

# DEVICE DISCRIPTION

Ranox Aldolase Contol ismanactue at to eves, Level nd LevelEach contro is prepare fromu wihadde constiuent  humrig, cheicals, stabilizers and prevativeshey resuppi lyophilized form in 3x1 mL vials and require reconstitution with $1 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ of distilled water.

# 7. PREDICATE DEVICE COMPARISON TABLE

Comparison of Randox Aldolase Controls Level 2 and 3 with the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities and Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CHARACTERISTICS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RANDOX ALDOLASECONTROLS LEVEL 2 AND 3(New Device)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BIO-RADQCS Assayed Control (k000875)(Predicate Device)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>INTENDED USE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Randox Aldolase Control Level 2 andAldolase Control Level 3 are intended for invitro diagnostic use as assayed quality controlmaterials for the quantitative determinationof aldolase on the clinical chemistry analyzersindicated in the package insert. This device isfor prescription use only.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>An assayed quality control serum to monitorthe precision of laboratory testing proceduresfor the numerous analytes listed in thepackage insert</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FORMAT</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilised</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lyophilised</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MATRIX</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>STORAGE(Unopened)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8 CUntil expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 to 8째CUntil expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPEN VIAL CLAIM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 days when stored at 2 to 8 째C afterreconstitution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyze Aldolase as soon as possible afterreconstitution due to rapid decrease in activitywith time</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SIZE</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shelf life</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 months when stored at 2 to 8째C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 months when stored at 2 to 8째C</td></tr></table>

# 8. SUMMARY OF STABILTY STUDIES

Opened: Store refrigerated ( $+ 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $+ 8 ^ { \mathrm { o } } C$ Reconstituted Aldolase is stable for 5 days at $+ 2 " C$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C$ if kept capped in the original container and free from contamination. Only the required amount of product should be removed. After use, any residual product should not be returned to the original vial

The reconstituted stability of Aldolase was determined by reconstituting vials of Aldolase Controls and storing them at $+ 2 \%$ to $+ 8 \%$ for 5 days.

Unopened: Store refrigerated $( + 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ to $+ 8 ^ { \circ } C )$ . Stable to the expiration date printed on individual vials.The Aldolase Controls have been assigned a shelf life of 24 months. This has been tested using real time studies, three batches of the Aldolase controls have been stored at $\div 2 \%$ to $+ 8 \%$ for a period of at least 24 months and all three batches have passed real time stability testing.

# 9. SUMMARY OF VALUE ASSIGNMENT

An assigned value is calculated for each new batch of Randox Aldolase Controls by nest testing. Nest testing involves assessment of the new lot of controls against a master lot of controls or calibrators. Ten replicates of the test controls are assessed on two or more systems and the mean and CV calculated. The recovery of the master lot is also measured. In the instructions for use there are system specific values quoted and a consensus mean. A range is also provided by taking $+ 1 - 2 5 \%$ of the assigned system speciic values and the consensus mean.The acceptance criteria states the precision measured by the CV should be less than or equal to $3 \%$ , unless the concentration of aldolase in ${ < } 1 0 \%$ then precision should be less than or equal to $6 \%$ .

RX Daytona   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aldolase ControlLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value(IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System SpecificVValue(1U/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td></tr></table>

Beckman Coulter AU640

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AldolaseControlLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Value(IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>System SpecificValue (IU/L)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td></tr></table>

# 10. TRACEABILITY

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Supplier</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ProductNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Origin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Source</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aldolase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sigma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A2714</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>RabbitMuscle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CommercialSource, added volumetrically</td></tr></table>

# 11. CONCLUSION

Testing results indicate that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device

July 18, 2013

Randox Laboratories   
C/O Pauline Armstrong   
55 Diamond Rd.   
Crumlin, County Antrim, BT294QY United Kingdom (UK)

Re: K131776 Trade/Device Name: Aldolase Control Level 2 and Aldolase Control Level 3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862. 1660 Regulation Name: Single (Specified) Analyte Controls Regulatory Class: I, reserved Product Code: JJX Dated: June 10, 2013 Received: June 17, 2013

Dear Ms. Armstrong:

We have reviewed your Section ${ \mathfrak { s l } } 0 ( { \mathbf k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class II (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part .9For questins egarding h eportng dvere events nder he MDRgulatin (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

Yung W. Chan -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k131776

Device Name: Aldolase Control Level 2 and Aldolase Control Level 3

Indication for Use:

The Randox Aldolase Controls Level 2 and Aldolase Control Level 3 are intended for in vitro diagnostic use as assayed quality control materials for the quantitative determination of Aldolase on the clinical chemistry analysers indicated in the package insert. This device is for prescription use only.

T n  t.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Ruth A. Chesler-S