# K131037

# 5.0 510(k) SUMMARY

SUBMITTED BY:

Mari Meyer   
Director, Regulatory Affairs   
DiaSorin Inc.   
1951 Northwestern Avenue   
P.O. Box 285   
Stillwater, MN 55082-0285   
Phone (651) 439-9710   
Fax (651) 351-5669   
Email: mari.meyer@diasorin.com

# NAME OF DEVICE:

Trade Name:

LIAISON® XL HCG

Common Names/Descriptions:

Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG)

Classification Names:

Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) test system

Product Code:

DHA

PREDICATE DEVICE:

Roche ELECSYS® HCG $^ { + }$ Beta Test Reference K003178

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:

# INTENDED USE:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® XL HCG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAlSON® XL Analyzer for the quantitative determination of total human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG and βhCG) in human serum for early detection of pregnancy. Total hCG is the measurement of intact and beta-hCG.

# KIT DESCRIPTION:

The method for the quantitative determination of hCG is a sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay. A specific mouse monoclonal antibody is coated on the magnetic particles (solid phase); another monoclonal antibody is linked to an isoluminol derivative (isoluminol-antibody conjugate). All assay steps and incubations are performed by the LIAISON® XL Analyzer.

During the first incubation, hCG present in calibrators, samples or controls binds to the solid phase monoclonal antibody, and subsequently after a washing step in a second incubation the antibody conjugate reacts with hCG already bound to the solid phase.

Subsequently, the starter reagents are added and a flash chemiluminescence reaction is thus induced. The light signal, and hence the amount of isoluminol-antibody conjugate, is measured by a photomultiplier as relative light units (RLU, relative light units) and is directly related to hCG concentration present in calibrators, samples or controls.

# COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE:

The DiaSorin LIAISON® XL HCG assay is substantially equivalent in principle and performance to the Roche Elecsys® HCG $\scriptstyle +$ Beta Test (K003178) which was FDA cleared December 14, 2002.

<table><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 1: Table of Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® XL HCG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceRoche ELECSYS® HCG + BetaTest System (K003178)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">In-vitro assay for the quantitativedetermination of total humanchorionic gonadotropin (hCG andβhCG) in human serum for earlydetection of pregnancy using theLIAISON® XL Analyzer.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunoassay for the in-vitroquantitative determination of the sumof human chorionic gonadotropin(hCG) plus the hCG Beta subunit inhuman serum and plasma.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the early detection ofpregnancy.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the early detection of pregnancy.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">human chorionic gonadotropin(hCG) plus the hCG Beta subunit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)plus the hCG Beta subunit</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chemiluminescent Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ElectrochemiluminescentImmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test principle</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich chemiluminescentImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich chemiluminescentImmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Solid Support</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paramagnetic particles coated withrecombinant hCG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paramagnetic particles coated withstreptavidin and coupled tobiotinylated monoclonal hCG-specificantibodies</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent IntegralStorage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board or in refrigerator@ 2-8°</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">On-board or in refrigerator@ 2-8°</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SampleHandling/Processing</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unit of Measure</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mlU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3rd WHO reference standard IS75/537.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3rd WHO reference standard IS75/537.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Table 2 : Table of Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceLIAISON® HCG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceRoche ELECSYS® HCG + BetaTest System (K003178)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LIAISON® XL Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Roche Elecsys® Immunoassayanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point calibrator verification ofstored master curve.Included with the kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two-point calibrator verification ofstored master curve. Not includedwith the kit.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measuring range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5 - 10,000 mIU/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.100 - 10,000 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum and plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample size</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30 μL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ul</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ConjugateAntibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Anti-hCG antibodies (mouse)labeled with isoluminol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Biotinylated monoclonal anti-hCGantibodies (mouse)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Open storage2-8°C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 weeks</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12 weeks</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Controls</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No Controls Provided</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2 Levels</td></tr></table>

# PERFORMANCE DATA:

# Method Comparison:

One hundred sixty-three (163) serum samples, that spanned the reportable range of the assay, were tested and analyzed by Weighted Deming Regression. The method comparison study was performed according to CLSI EP9-A2 guideline.

# Results:

Weighted Deming Regression analysis was performed on the results across the range of LIAISON® XL HCG assay yielding agreement of y= 0.973x . 0.2233; $\mathsf { R } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 3 3$

# Reference Range/Expected Values:

The reference range study was performed according to CLSl Approved Guideline C28- A3. Human serum samples from apparently healthy non-pregnant premenopausal and postmenopausal subjects were tested to determine the reference range for the LIAISON® XL HCG assay. The results are listed below:   
: In a study performed on 74 healthy, non-pregnant premenopausal women ( $\yen 50$ years old), $9 7 . 5 \%$ of the values obtained were below 1.54 mlU/mL hCG.   
· In a study performed on 70 healthy, postmenopausal women (≥ 50 years old), $9 7 . 5 \%$ of the values obtained were below 6.67 mlU/mL. hCG.   
Consider these limits as guidelines only. It is important for each laboratory to establish its own reference range, representative of its typical population.

# Reproducibility/Precision:

A twenty day reproducibility/precision study was performed at DiaSorin Inc. A coded panel comprised of 6 frozen serum samples was prepared by DiaSorin Inc. The coded panel contained levels of low, medium and high samples. Commercial controls (3

levels) were also tested in the study. The CLSI document EP05-A2 was consulted in the preparation of the testing protocol.

# Results

The twenty day results are summarized in the following table as sample overall mean HCG concentration in mlU/mL, computed SDs and $\% C V s$ for within run and total across lots.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PanelID#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>meanmlU/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Between LotSD         %CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>TotalSD            %CV.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QC1QC2QC3HCG-11HCG-12HCG-13HCG-14HCG-15HCG-16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160160160160160160160160160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.423.3175.160.225.5431.4893.24169.09607.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.020.072.310.010.316.4415.8572.0129.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%0.3%1.3%0.0%1.2%1.5%1.8%1.7%0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.681.416.042.951.6013.0328.97153.66298.61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.7%6.0%3.5%4.9%6.3%3.0%3.2%3.7%3.2%</td></tr></table>

# Dilution Linearity:

Two serum pools containing high hCG concentrations were tested neat and aftei serially diluting following CLSi EP6-A.

The results were analyzed by a Weighted Deming fit of observed hCG concentration versus expected hCG concentration.

Both sample sets yielded similar linear regressions. An example is shown below:Y(obtained mIU/mL) $= 1 . 0 1 5 8 x _ { i }$ expected mIU/mL) - 0.1450

# LoB/LoD/LoQ:

The Limit of Blank, Limit of Detection and Limit of Quantitation were determined according to CLSI EP17-A2: Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline June 2012- Second Edition.

# Results.:

Limit of Blank: 0.17 mlU/L Limit of Detection: 0.36 mIU/L Limit of Quantitation: 1.5 mIU/L

# Recovery

A recovery study using five levels of spiked samples, which were prepared by adding the targeting amount of WHO $3 ^ { \mathfrak { r d } }$ reference standard into five human sera and tested in duplicates using one lot of reagents on one instrument, was conducted. The overall $\%$ EMP recovery for each spiked level was determined and are tabulated below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Spiked level (mlU/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overall %recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.9</td></tr></table>

# Interfering Substances:

Controlled studies of potentially interfering substances at two hCG levels showed no interference at the concentration for each substance listed below in the LIAISON® XL HCG assay. The testing was based on CLSI-EP7-A2.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest ConcentrationTested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unconjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Conjugated bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rheumatoid Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>194 IU/L</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Luteinizing Hormone (LH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Growth Hormone (hGH)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TSH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 mlU/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# CONCLUSION:

The material submitted inhis premarket notification s compleean supports he bass for substantial equivalence to the Roche ELECSYs® HCG $\mathbf { + }$ Beta Test System (K003178). The labelling is sufficient and satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Part 809.10.

# September 6, 2013

DiaSorin Inc.   
C/O Mari Meyer   
Director, Regulatory Affairs 1951 Northwestem Avenue P.O. Box 285   
STILLWATER MN 55082

Re: K131037 Trade/Device Name: DiaSorin LIASON® XL HCG Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1155 Regulation Name: Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) test system Regulatory Class: II Product Code: DHA Dated: August 14, 2013 Received: August 21, 2013

Dear Ms. Meyer:

We have reviewed your Section $\$ 10(12)$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with allthe Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, Interational and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its lnternet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDeviccs/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of ln Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k131037

Device Name: LIAISON® XL HCG

Indications for Use: The DiaSorin LIAISON® XL HCG assay uses chemiluminescent immunoassay (CLIA) technology on the LIAISON® XL Analyzer for the quantitative determination of total human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG and βhCG) in human serum for early detection of pregnancy. Total hCG is the measurement of intact and betahCG.

# Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR)

Denise Johnson-lyles -S 2013.09.06 07:55:38 -04'00'