This summary of the $5 1 0 ( \mathsf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in the accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number

K131556

# Applicant Name:

Dr. Abhijit Datta, Director of Technical Operations   
Diazyme Laboratories   
12889 Gregg Court   
Poway, CA 92064   
Abhijit.datta@diazyme.com

# Date Summary was Prepared

June 10, 2013

# Device Name:

Classification Name: Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Calibrator Set and Diazyme Lipoprotein ) Control Set

Trade Name: Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Diazyme Lp(a) Control Set

Common Name: Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Diazyme Lp(a) Control Set

Governing Regulation: 21 CFR 862.1 150 (Calibrator, Primary); 21 CFR 862.1660 [Single (specificed) Analyte Controls (Assayed and Unassayed)]

Device Classification: Low Density Lipoprotein Immunological test system; Class I (Calibrator and Control

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry (75 Product Code: JIT, JJX

# Submission Type

Special 510k

Legally marketed device to which equivalency is claimed:

# K082488. Diazyme Lp(a) calibrators and controls

# Manufacturing Address

Diazyme Laboratories

12889 Gregg Court

Poway, CA 92064

# Establishment Registration

2032900

Intended Use of Device:

The Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Calibrator Set is intended for use in establishing the calibration curve for the Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay reagents by turbidimetry. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The Diazyme Lipoprotein )Control Set is intended or use inmonitoring the quality control of results obtained with the Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay reagents by turbidimetry. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Description of Device:

The Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay is based on a latex enhanced immunoturbidimetric assay. Lp(a) in the sample binds to specific anti-Lp(a) antibody, which is coated on latex particles, and causes agglutination. The degree of the turbidity caused by agglutination can be measured optically and is proportional to the amount of Lp(a) in the sample.

Diazyme Lp(a) standard is intended for use in establishing the calibration curve for the Diazyme Lp(a) reagents by turbidimetry. The measurement of Lp(a) is useful in evaluating lipid metabolism disorders and assessing atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases in specific populations, when used in conjunction with clinical evaluation.

# Modification of Device:

The significant changes to the device are as follows:

Change in state of material supplied from freeze-dried powder to liquid Change in packaging and labeling, specifically the change in catalog number No change to intended use claims

Badiovaton anvalatin activits e ane the Dm Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Control Set (compared to predicate) do not alter the safety or effectiveness.

# Similarities and Difference of Modified Device:

The table below compares the new device, Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Control Set, with the predicate device, Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrators and Controls (K082488).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Attribute</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDiazyme Lipoprotein (a)Assay with LyophilizedCalibrators and Controls(K082488)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">New DeviceDiazyme Lipoprotein (a)Calibrator Set and ControlSet (special 510k submission)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazyme Lp(a) standard isintended for use inestablishing the calibrationcurve for the Diazyme Lp(a)reagents by turbidimetry. Forin vitro diagnostic use onlyDiazyme Lp(a) Control isintended for use in monitoringthe quality control of resultsobtained with the DiazymeLp(a) reagents byturbidimetry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazyme Lipoprotein (a)Calibrator Set is intended foruse in establishing thecalibration curvefor the Diazyme Lipoprotein(a) Assay reagents byturbidimetry. For in vitrodiagnostic use only.Diazyme Lipoprotein (a)Control Set is intended for usein monitoring the qualitycontrol of results obtainedwith the Diazyme Lipoprotein(a) Assay reagents byturbidimetry. For in vitrodiagnostic use only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrumentation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hitachi 717</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olympus AU400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lp(a) Calibrators</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized human serumand plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid stable human serumand plasma</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, with activeingredient Lp(a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, preservative,and active ingredient Lp(a)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Composition</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lyophilized human serum</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human serum, preservative,and active ingredient Lp(a)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Standardization</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">Using a single lot of predicatedevice reagents and calibrator,Diazyme Lp(a) master lot ofcalibrator   materials   wereassigned values as follows. Thecalibrator materials were assayedas samples three times intriplicate on the HitachiorOlympus Analyzer. For eachcalibrator level, mean valueswere calculated from the datapoints and assigned as the</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Value Transfer from predicate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">device Diazyme Lp(a) Reagent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">and_ calibrator (K082488) toreference lot of liquid stable</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">calibratorsUsing   predicate   device:Diazyme Lp(a) Latex Reagentand calibrator (K082488).Diazyme Lp(a) reference lotof liquid stable calibratormaterials were assigned values</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">calibrator value. For each new lotof calibrator materials produced,the master lot or reference lotcalibrator is used in conjunctionwith the reference lot of DiazymeLp(a) Assay reagents to test andverify calibrator value.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">as follows: The calibratormaterials were assayed assamplesin triplicate onBeckman AU400 Analyzer.For each calibrator level,mean values were calculatedand assigned as the initialcalibrator value.Lp(a) Liquid Stable CalibratorValue VerificationReference lot of the Lp(a) liquidstable calibrator with the targetvalues assigned are used to testlibrary samples assigned withpredicate device and truenesscontrols.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-100 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-100 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analytical Sensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.44 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.44 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LOBLOQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LOB = 1.14 mg/dLLOQ = 5.44 mg/dL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LOB = 1.13 mg/dLLOQ = 5.44 mg/dL(Sensitivity checked toconfirm previously approveddata)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dynamic Range</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 100 mg/dL Lp(a)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Up to 100 mg/dL Lp(a)</td></tr></table>

# Verification/Validation of Modification:

The nonclinical performance of the Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Control Set was demonstrated through the following studies:

• 20-Day Precision   
• Limits of Blank/Detection/Quantitation (LOB/LOD/LOQ)   
• Linearity   
• Accuracy by Method Comparison   
• Accuracy by Matrix Comparison   
• Interference Accelerated Calibrator Stability   
• Real Time Calibrator Stability   
• Accelerated Control Stability   
• Real Time Control Stability Open and Closed Vial Calibrator Stability   
− Value Assignment and Traceability

# Conclusion:

Current Diazyme Lp(a) Assay reagent and calibrators (k082488) were selected for comparing serum Lp(a) levels to the results generated by the modified device Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and current Diazyme Lp(a) Assay reagent. The accuracy between the results obtained by Diazyme Lp(a) Assay Kit (k082488) and proposed calibrators and controls (Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Control Set) unequivocally demonstrates excellent correlation. As a result, the Lp(a) Calibrator Set and Control Set use for measurement of Lp(a) in patient serum samples is substantially equivalent to legally marketed devices. The differences in the calibrator components (lyophilized versus liquid stable) should not affect the safety and effectiveness of the Diazyme Lp(a) Assay reagents.

In summary, the dissimilar composition features of the Diazyme Lp(a) Calibrator Set and control Set (compared to predicate) do not affect the safety or effectiveness of the Diazyme Lp(a) Assay.

Diazyme Laboratories C/O Dr. Abhijit Datta 12889 Gregg Court POWAY CA 92064

Re: K131556 Trade/Device Name: Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Calibrator Set and Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Control Set Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1150 Regulation Name: Calibrator Regulatory Class: II Product Code: JIT, JX Dated: May 28, 2013 Received: May 29, 2013

Dear Dr. Datta:

We have reviewed your Section $\$ 10(1$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class 1 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer   
Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Resourcesfor You/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

Sincerely yours,

# Carol C. Benson -S for

Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

# Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number : k131556

vic NamDiazyme Lipoprotein Calirator Set, Diazyme Lipoprotein )Conrol Se

Indications for Use:

T Dz Cla   hhel o e DazmLoo  ents yury. orusy

The Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Control Set is intended for use in monitoring the quality control of results obtained with the Diazyme Lipoprotein (a) Assay reagents by turbidimetry. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# Cec RH, OnV Daoics n Radoloicl Heait

Ruth A. Chesler-S