# 510(k) Summary Multichem P

This summary of $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ number is: k131992

# 1.0 Submitter:

Paula McCarthy   
Head of Quality and Regulatory Affairs Techno-path Manufacturing Ltd.   
Fort Henry Business Park   
Ballina, Co. Tipperary   
Ireland   
Telephone: $+ 3 5 3$ 61 335844   
Fax: $+ 3 5 3 6 1 2 0 3 0 3 4$   
Email: paula.mccarthy@techno-path.com

SEP 2 5 2013

Submitter Contact   
Stephanie G. Garth   
Consultant   
Global Compliance Plus   
325 Big Elm St.   
Highland Village, TX 75077   
Telephone: 469-230-0959   
Email: globalcomplianceplus@yahoo.com

# 2.0 Date Submitted:

August 20, 2013

# 3.0 Device Identification

Proprietary Names: Common Name: Classification: Product Code: Regulation Number:

Multichem P   
Multi-Analyte Controls, (Assayed and unassayed)   
Class 1, Reserved   
JJY   
21 CFR 862.1660

# · 4.0 Legally Marketed Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate(s)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Manufacturer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DocumentNumber</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Multichem P</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquichek ™ ImmunologyControl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bio-RadLaboratories</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K022991</td></tr></table>

The Multichem P Control is substantially equivalent  the previously cleared Bio-Rad product listed above, currently in commercial distribution.

# 5.0 Device Description

The Multichem P control is prepared from human serum to which purified biochemical material (extracts of human origin), chemicals, drugs/preservatives and stabilizers have been added. The control is used in liquid form for convenience. This control is provided in a single level control only with twelve vials, each vial containing $3 \mathrm { m L }$ .

The following kit configurations are available:

Multichem P   
(Abbott Distributed)   
Model 05P81-10 with Level P control; 12 vials with $3 \mathrm { m L }$ contents   
The vial label is SP40PA   
Multichem P   
(Technopath Distributed)   
Model SP41PA with Level P control; 12 vials with 3 mL contents   
The vial label is SP41 PA

All human source material was tested and found negative by FDA approved methods for HBSAg, HCV and HIV-1/2.

# 6.0 Intended Use

Multichem $\mathrm { \bf P }$ is intended for use as a single level assayed quality control material to monitor the precision of laboratory testing procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert: Alpha-1 Acidglycoprotein, Alpha-1 Antitrypsin, Apolipoprotein A1 (APO A1), Apolipoprotein B (APO B), Beta-2 Microglobulin, Ceruloplasmin, Complement C3, Complement C4, C-Reactive Protein, Haptoglobin, Immunoglobulin A, Immunoglobulin G, Immunoglobulin M, Prealbumin, Rheumatoid Factor (RF), and Transferrin.

# 7.0 Comparison to the Predicate

Multichem P control claims to be substantially equivalent to Liquichek ™ Immunology Control. The controls have same/similar design and modes of operation. The key features are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Liquichek ™ Immunology Control:Catalog #596</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:Multichem P Control</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquichek Immunology Control isintended for use as an assayed qualitycontrol serum to monitor the precision oflaboratory testing procedures for theanalytes listed in this package insert.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Multichem P is intended for useas a single level assayed qualitycontrol material to monitor theprecision of laboratory testingprocedures for the analytes listedin the package insert</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device: Liquichek ™ Immunology Control: Catalog #596</td><td>Candidate Device: Multichem P Control</td></tr><tr><td>Form:</td><td>Liquid, Frozen</td><td>Liquid, Frozen</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix:</td><td>Human serum based</td><td>Human serum based</td></tr><tr><td>Storage: (Closed/Shelf-Life)</td><td>-20°C to -70 until expiration date</td><td>-20°C to -80° until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Differences</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>(Opened/Shelf-life)</td><td>30 days 2 to 8°C, except Beta-2- Microglobulin, 21 days; Rheumatoid Factor, 5 days.</td><td>14 days 2 to 8°C</td></tr><tr><td>Assayed Analytes</td><td>Contains: AdNase B (Antideoxyribonuclease-B) Albumin Alpha 1-Antitrypsin Alpha 2 Macroglobulin Alpha-1 -Acid glycoprotein</td><td>Contains: Alpha-1 Antitrypsin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Antistreptolysin-0</td><td>Alpha-1 Acidglycoprotein</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Antithrombin III (AT III) Apolipoprotein A-1 Apolipoprotein B Beta-2-Microglobulin C1 Inhibitor</td><td>Apolipoprotein A1 (APO A1) Apolipoprotein B (APO B) Beta-2 Microglobulin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Ceruloplasmin Complement C3</td><td>Ceruloplasmin Complement C3</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Complement C4 C-Reactive Protein (CRP)</td><td>Complement C4 C-Reactive Protein</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Cystatin C Ferritin Haptoglobin</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Haptoglobin</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>IgG Subclass 1</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>IgG Subclass 2</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>IgG Subclass 3</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>IgG Subclass 4</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>.Immunoglobulin A (IgA)</td><td>Immunoglobulin A</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Immunoglobulin E (IgE)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Immunoglobulin G (IgG)</td><td>Immunoglobulin G</td></tr><tr><td>Kappa Light Chain</td><td>Immunoglobulin M (IgM)</td><td>Immunoglobulin M</td></tr><tr><td>Lambda Light Chain</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Lipoprotein (a)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Prealbumin Protein, Total Rheumatoid Factor</td><td></td><td>Prealbumin</td></tr></table>

# 8.1 Value Assignment Summary

Value assignment testing was performed utilizing internal procedures and protocols to determine typical values that would be seen for the product across Abbott ARCHITECT $\mathsf { c 8 0 0 0 } ^ { \mathfrak { Q 0 } }$ clinical chemistry systems with the associated reagent test systems. Value assignment ranges were established at the pre-determined criteria of $20 \%$ The values provided in the instructions for use were derived from replicate analyses and are specific for a particular lot of product. Tests were performed by the control manufacturer and/or by independent laboratories, for various methods and instrument systems. Laboratory means may vary from the values listed during the life of the control. Values are provided only as guidelines, each laboratory should establish its own statistical limits.

# 8.2 Stability Testing Summary

Stability studies have been performed to determine the open vial stability and shelf-life for this control. For open vial stability, Technopath utilized internal procedures and protocols methods.

Product claims are as follows:

Open Vial Stability:

14 days at 2 to $8 \textdegree C$

A combination of accelerated and preliminary real-time testing was carried out utilizing procedures and protocols in order to support a shelf-life storage claim of $- 2 0 ^ { \circ }$ to $\mathbf { \Omega } _ { - 8 0 } \mathcal { O } \mathbb { C }$ for 30 months. The accelerated testing utilized three lots of controls and the real-time testing utilized one lot of controls. All data was generated using the Abbott ARCHITECT c8000 Chemistry system with the associated reagent test systems. The Drift Limit was determined to be $10 \%$ These results concluded that the Multichem P control is predicted to be stable for in excess of 30 months when stored at $\mathrm { - 2 0 \% }$ to $- 8 0 ^ { \circ } C$ The real-time testing is on-going.

Note: ARCHITECT and c8000 are trademarks of Abbott Laboratories.

# 8.3 Traceability Summary

The analytes contained within the Multichem P control were obtained from commercially available sources or endogenous components to the base serum matrix. Techno-path does not claim traceability to higher order reference materials or methods.

# 9.0 Conclusion:

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests (discussed above) demonstrate that the Multichem P control is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the predicate device. The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a substantial equivalence decision.

TECHNO-PATH MANUFACTURING LTD.C/O MS. STEPHANIE G. GARTH  
CONSULTANT  
GLOBAL COMPLIANCE PLUS  
325 BIG ELM ST.  
HIGHLAND VILLAGE TX 75077

Re: K131992 Trade/Device Name: Multichem P Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1660 Regulation Name: Quality control material (assayed and unassayed) Regulatory Class: I Product Code: JJY Dated: August 20, 2013 Received: August 23, 2013

Dear Ms. Garth:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000- 1050.

Page 2-Ms. Stephanic Garth

If you desire specific advicc for your device on our labeling regulations (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809), please contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Intemet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarkct notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to   
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office of Survcillance and Biometrics/Division of Postinarket Survcillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htn.

Sincerely yours,

# Maria M. Chan -S

Maria M. Chan, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

procedures for the analytes listed in the package insert.

The following analytes are listed in the package insert:

Alpha-1 Acidglycoprotein   
Alpha-1 Antitrypsin   
Apolipoprotein A1 (APO A 1)   
Apolipoprotein B (APO B)   
Beta-2 Microglobulin   
Ceruloplasmin   
Complement C3   
Complement C4   
C-Reactive Protein   
Haptoglobin   
Immunoglobulin A   
Immunoglobulin G   
Immunoglobulin M   
Prealbumin   
Rheumatoid Factor (RF)   
Transferrin

FORM FDA 3881 (6/13)