March 14, 2019

Roche Diagnostics Lisa Klinedinst 9115 South Hague Road Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K131544 Trade/Device Name: cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1110 Regulation Name: Bilirubin (total or direct) test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: CIG, MQM Dated: May 28, 2013 Received: May 29, 2013

Dear Lisa Klinedinst:

This letter corrects our substantially equivalent letter of July 17, 2013.

We have reviewed your Section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note:CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device s classifid (ee above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class I (MA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Par

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice   
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn   
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Kellie B. Kelm -S

for Courtney H. Lias, Ph.D. Director Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

# Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known): k131544

Device Name: cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3

Indications for Use:

cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3 is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of total bilirubin in serum and plasma of adults and neonates on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems. Measurement of the levels of bilirubin, an organic compound formed during the normal and abnormal destruction of red blood cells, is used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic, hematological, and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

# Yung W. Chan -S

# Date prepared:

July 17, 2013

# Purpose of submission

Roche Diagnostics hereby submits this $5 1 0 ( \mathbf { k } )$ to provide FDA with notification of intent to market a new device named cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3 reagent. All data in this submission was generated on the cobas e 501 analyzer.

This candidate device is a new reagent that was developed by Roche Diagnostics. The previous generation of reagent, Total Bilirubin, was cleared in 510(k) k063543 and serves as the predicate device. The candidate and predicate devices use the same calibrator and controls. Only the reagents differ. This submission presents data to support clearance of this new reagent.

# Measurand

Total Bilirubin

# Type of test

Quantitative colorimetric method

# Applicant

Lisa K. Klinedinst   
Roche Diagnostics   
9115 South Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250   
Telephone: (317) 521-1942   
Fax: (317) 521-2324   
Email: Lisa.Klinedinst@roche.com

# Candidate device names

Proprietary name: cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3 Common name: Bilirubin Total Gen.3

# Regulatory information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CIG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class Il</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.1110(Bilirubin (total or direct)test system)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ClinicalChemistry(75)</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

# Intended use

In vitro test for the quantitative determination of total bilirubin in serum and plasma of adults and neonates on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems.

# Indications for use

cobas e Bilirubin Total Gen.3 is an in vitro test for the quantitative determination of total bilirubin in serum and plasma of adults and neonates on Roche/Hitachi cobas c systems. Measurement of the levels of bilirubin, an organic compound formed during the normal and abnormal destruction of red blood cells, is used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver, hemolytic, hematological, and metabolic disorders, including hepatitis and gall bladder block.

Special   
conditions for v   
use

For prescription use only

Special instrument requirements

For use on the Roche/Hitachi cobas c clinical chemistry analyzer

Candidate device description

cobas e Bilirubin Total Gen.3 reagent provides quantitative measurement of the total bilirubin that is present in serum and plasma of adults and neonates.

Reagents are packaged in a cassette with two bottles labeled with their instrument positioning, R1 (Reagent 1) and R2 (Reagent 2).

R1 contains detergent, buffer, and stabilizers at $\mathsf { p H } 1 . 0$ .   
R2 is a 3,5-dichlorophenyl diazonium salt: $\ge 1 . 3 5 \ \mathrm { m m o l / L }$ .

# Predicate device

Roche Diagnostics claims substantial equivalence to the Total Bilirubin reagent on the cobas c 501. The reagent was originally cleared in k981632 on the Boehringer Mannheim/Hitachi 917 analyzer, and later cleared in a Special 5 10(k) k063543 on COBAS INTEGRA and Roche/Hitachi clinical chemistry analyzers. The application to the cobas c 501 analyzer was cleared on October 3, 2006 in k060373/A001 following the FDA Policy Document Replacement Reagent and Instrument Family Policy  12/1 1/2003".

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

The following table compares the identical features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 510(k) k063543.

Substantial equivalencesimilarities   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Bilirubin Total Gen.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>In vitro test for the quantitativedetermination of total bilirubin inserum and plasma of adults andneonates on Roche/Hitachi cobas csystems.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Types</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serum and plasma of adults andneonates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PermissibleAnticoagulants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-heparinK2-EDTA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reference Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazo colorimetric method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator for automated systems(C.f.a.s.) and deionized water as thezero calibrator(C.f.a.s. cleared for use with TotalBilirubin in 510(k) k101456)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recalibrate with each lot and asrequired following quality controlprocedures</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Shelf LifeStability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibration Mode</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Linear regression</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Traceability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Standardized against the Doumasmanual reference method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Roche/Hitachi cobas c 501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

The following table compares the different features of the candidate device to the predicate device that was cleared in 5 10(k) k063543.

Substantial equivalence - differences   

<table><tr><td>Feature</td><td>Predicate Device: Total Bilirubin RI:</td><td>Candidate Device: Bilirubin Total Gen.3 R1:</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent Composition</td><td>Sulfamic acid 110 mmol/L, Sodium Acetate Buffer 85 mmol/L, Surfactant, and Solubilizer R2: Diazonium ion 3 mmol/L,</td><td>Detergent, Buffer, and Stabilizers at pH 1.0 R2: 3,5-Dichlorophenyl diazonium salt</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent On-Board</td><td>HC1 100 mmol/L on-board in use and refrigerated on the analyzers: 5 weeks</td><td>≥ 1.35 mmol/L on-board in use and refrigerated on the analyzers: 6 weeks</td></tr><tr><td>Stability</td><td>Precinorm U plus, Precipath U plus, Precinorm U, Precipath U</td><td>Precinorm U plus, Precipath U plus, PreciControl ClinChem Multi 14, PreciControl ClinChem Multi 2A</td></tr><tr><td>Controls</td><td>(Controls above cleared for use with Total Bilirubin in 510(k) k042389)</td><td>AThese two new controls were cleared for use with Total Bilirubin with 510(k) k102016.</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

Substantial equivalence - differences continued   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:Total Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device:Bilirubin Total Gen.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measuring Range</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10 - 35.1 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.146 - 35.1 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adults and children:up to 1.0 mg/dLNeonatesAge of Newborn: Premature24 hours 1.0-6.0 mg/dL48 hours6.0-8.0 mg/dL3-5 days10.0-15.0 mg/dLAge of Newborn: Full Term24 hourss 2.0-6.0 mg/dL48 hours6.0-7.0 mg/dL3-5 days10.0-12.0 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Adults: up to 1.2 mg/dLChildren with age ≥ I month:up to 1.0 mg/dLNewborns: Term and near-termAge of Newborn:24 hours ≥ 8.0 mg/dL48 hoursb ≥ 13.0 mg/dL84 hours ≥ 17.0 mg/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lower Limits ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDL = 0.10 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LoB = 0.10 mg/dLLoD = 0.15 mg/dLLoQ = 0.15 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

# Test principle

cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3 measures total bilirubin by employing the diazo colorimetric method. Total bilirubin, in the presence of a suitable solubilizing agent, is coupled with a diazonium ion in a strongly acidic medium. The color intensity of the red azo dye formed is directly proportional to the total bilirubin and can be determined photometrically.

# Precision/ reproducibility

Precision was determined according to CLSI EP5-A2. The study included human sera samples (0.51, 17.7, and $3 1 . 8 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ ) and two serum-based control samples in two aliquots per run and two runs per day for 21 days.

Here are summaries of the repeatability and intermediate precision data.

Repeatability Summary   

<table><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>SpecimenTotal Mean (mg/dL)Within Run ImprecisionSD (mg/dL)Within Run ImprecisionCV%Min (mg/dL)Max (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCCCI*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCCC2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.43</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCCCI*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCCC2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.03</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.41</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.43</td></tr></table>

Values that appear in bold type also appear in the labeling.

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

Linearity was assessed according to CLSI EP6-A with one batch of reagent, in one run, and with samples measured in triplicate. Two separate dilution series differing by sample type (serum and plasma) were prepared with thirteen levels for the plasma series and fourteen levels for the serum series. Lithium-heparin was used to prepare the plasma sample series. The highest concentration samples exceed the desired measuring range. The highest concentration samples were created by taking a human serum/plasma sample pool and spiking it with unconjugated bilirubin.

Linearity/ assay reportable range   

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Plasma</td><td>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Range tested Range found</td><td>0.12- 39.0</td><td>0.12-38.9</td></tr><tr><td>0.12- 39.0</td><td>0.12-38.9</td></tr><tr><td>Recommended measuring range</td><td>0.15 - 35.1</td><td>0.15 - 35.1</td></tr></table>

Measuring Ranges that are Supported by the Linearity Data (mg/dL)

The first order (linear) regression is significant for both sample types.

Linear Regression Equation for Serum $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 2 1 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 3 1 7$ $\mathrm { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 8 8 1$

Linear Regression Equation for Plasma $\mathbf { y } = 1 . 0 0 1 4 \mathbf { x } - 0 . 0 2 3 2$ EY $\mathfrak { r } ^ { 2 } = 0 . 9 9 9 9 5 4$

# Traceability and stability

This method has been standardized against the manual test performance using the Doumas method.

The reagent has been evaluated for transport, shelf-life, and open on-board stability.

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

# Detection limit

LoB, LoD, and LoQ studies were performed based upon CLSI EP17-A2.

LoB Protocol: One blank sample was tested in $\mathtt { n } { = } 5$ with two analyzers with three reagent batches for six runs per day across three days.

LoD Protocol: Five low-analyte sarnples were measured in singlicate on two analyzers with three reagent batches for six runs per day across three days.

LoQ Protocol: A low-level sample set of nine was measured in singlicate, using three reagent batches on two analyzers for six runs per day across three days. The LoQ is determined based on precision at $20 \%$ CV.

The LoB, LoD, and LoQ claims represent the specifications for each.

LoB claim $= 0 . 1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ LoD claim $= 0 . 1 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ LoQ claim $= 0 . 1 5 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

# Analytical specificityinterference from endogenous substances

The reagent was evaluated with three endogenous substances, hemoglobin, lipids, and indican for potential interference with the measurement of total bilirubin.

One pool of human serum was spiked with the interferent. A second pool of human serum contained none. The two pools were mixed in different ratios to yield a dilution series with varying concentrations of the interferent.

The endogenous interference data are summarized in the table. Interference was tested at two levels of bilirubin.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>no interference up to</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claim as it appears in thelabeling.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lipemia Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1196 L index</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No significant interference upto an L index of 1000.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lipemia Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1217 L index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Hemolysis HbA Level 1Hemolysis HbA Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>946 H index</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No significant interference upto an H index of 800.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemolysis HbA Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>951 H index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>*Hemolysis HbF Level 1*Hemolysis HbF Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>*Hemolysis HbF Level 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1053 H index</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1047 H index</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Indican Level 1Indican Level 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75 mg/dL</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>No significant interferencefrom indican up to 3 mg/dL.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75 mg/dL</td></tr></table>

$^ { * } \mathrm { H b F }$ was tested for hemolysis interference in neonates.

All data passed the following acceptance criteria:

Lipemia: $\leq \pm 0 . 1 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for samples $\leq 1 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ or $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$ for samples $>$ 1 mg/dL

Hemolysis HbA: $\leq \pm 0 . 2 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for samples $\leq 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ or $\leq \pm \ : 1 0 \%$ for samples $> 2 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Hemolysis in neonates - HbF: $\leq \pm 0 . 1 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for samples ≤ 1 mg/dL or ≤ ± $10 \%$ for samples $> 1 \mathrm { m g / d L }$

Indican: $\leq \pm 0 . 1 0 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ for samples $\leq 1 \ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ or $\leq \pm \ 1 0 \%$ for samples $> 1$ ${ \mathfrak { m g } } / { \mathfrak { d L } }$

# Analytical specificity - interference from common drugs

Fifteen commonly used drugs were examined for potential interference on measurement with cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3 reagent.

Drug interference testing was performed with serum sample pools at two target concentrations of total bilirubin, one at a low concentration of $\sim 1 . 0$ EPY ${ \mathrm { m g / d L } }$ and the second one at a high concentration of $\sim 1 4 . 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

Total bilirubin concentration in all aliquots is measured in triplicate. The mean value among the triplicates for each aliquot is determined. From the mean values, the percent recovery to the initial value (no drug in sample) is calculated.

The table below summarizes the common drug interferences data:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Highest Concentration ShownNot to Interfere with BILT3(drug concentrations in mg/L)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcystein</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin - Na</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylbutazone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclosporine A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cefoxitin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levodopa</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methyldopa + 1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxycyclin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalycilic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rifampicin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibubrofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

All data passed the following acceptance criteria:

Difference in recovery to the reference sample: $\leq \pm 1 0 \%$

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

# Adult method comparison with predicate device

Total bilirubin values for $\scriptstyle { \vec { \mathsf { n } } } = 1 3 1$ human sera adult samples were obtained using the candidate reagent (y-axis) to the predicate reagent (x-axis) on the Roche/Hitachi cobas e 501 analyzer. Candidate sample concentrations ranged from 0.18 to 30.38 mg/dL, and they were tested in singlicate. The values were regressed using the Passing/Bablok model to produce the following equation.

$$
\begin{array} { c } { { \mathbf { y } = 0 . 9 5 9 \mathbf { x } + 0 . 0 9 1 \ \mathbf { m } \mathbf { g } / \mathrm { d L } } } \\ { { \mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 9 7 } } \end{array}
$$

Neonate   
method   
comparison   
with predicate   
device

Total bilirubin values for $\mathsf { n } { = } 1 1 3$ human sera neonate samples were obtained using the candidate reagent (y-axis) to the predicate reagent (x-axis) on the Roche/Hitachi cobas e 501 analyzer. Candidate sample concentrations ranged from 0.27 to $2 7 . 2 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , and they were tested in singlicate. The values were regressed using the Passing/Bablok model to produce the following equation.

$$
\begin{array} { c } { { \mathrm { y } = 0 . 9 5 7 \mathrm { x } + 0 . 1 5 4 ~ \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { d L } } } \\ { { \mathrm { r } = 0 . 9 9 9 8 } } \end{array}
$$

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

Lithium-heparin and $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA are permissible anticoagulants for use with this reagent because they do not interfere with recovery of total bilirubin. In an internal study, 35 tubes were collected per anticoagulant. Plasma results were compared to serum results and percent recovery was determined. In terms of $\%$ recovery. All data passed the following criteria:

For sample concentrations $\leq 0 . 9 9 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , the deviation must be $\leq \pm 0 . 1 0$ ${ \mathfrak { m g } } / { \mathrm { d L } }$ .

For sample concentrations $> 0 . 9 9 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ , the deviation must be $\leq \pm \ 1 0 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>anticoagulants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample concentrationrange tested (mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Claimed MeasuringRange (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-Heparin (full)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.35-34.52</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>0.15 - 35.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Li-Heparin (half)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.84-31.65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA (full)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36 - 34.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K2-EDTA (half)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.80-31.18</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gel Separation Tube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.36- 34.40</td></tr></table>

In addition, method comparisons with plasma vs serum were calculated with the following results:

Serum vs. Li-heparin P/B: $\mathrm { y } = \mathrm { l } . 0 0 0 \mathrm { x } + 0 . 0 0 0$ $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 9 8$ Serum vs. $\mathsf { K } _ { 2 }$ -EDTA P/B: $\mathrm { y } = 0 . 9 8 5 \mathrm { x } - 0 . 0 1 6 .$ $\mathbf { r } = 0 . 9 9 9 9$

# 510(k) Summary for cobas c Bilirubin Total Gen.3, Continued

Expected   
values/   
reference range

Adults up to 1.2 mg/dL Children with age ≥ 1 month' up to 1.0 mg/dL

Newborns: Term and near-term2

Age of Newborn:

24 hours $\begin{array} { l } { \geq 8 . 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } } \\ { \geq 1 3 . 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } } \\ { \geq 1 7 . 0 ~ \mathrm { m g / d L } } \end{array}$   
48 hours   
84 hours

1.Thomas L. Labor und Diagnose. Indikation und Bewertung von Laborbefunden fur die Medizinische Diagnostik. $7 ^ { \mathrm { t h } }$ ed. TH-Books Verlagsgesellschaft 2007:259-273.

2. Subcommittee on Hyperbilirubinemia. Management of Hyperbilirubinemia in the Newborn Infant 35 or More Weeks of Gestation. Pediatrics 2004; 114: 297-316.

# Conclusion